sad and disgusting farce dems are trying to pull .
this must be said : sanders is the antidote to trump not clinton .
fight the good fight tammy , america is rooting for you .
thank you for listening to the concerns of your constituents , and for demonstrating that you embrace the importance of civil rights for all of us .
obamacare would not pay for the treatment of may patients here in oregon with fatal illness because it was to expensive ! !
wow ... bernie wins the county 4 to 1 and you are still a happy hillary super delegate .
hold congressional republicans responsible for inciting violence against planned parenthood with their partisan committees and propaganda videos !
why do minnesotans elect this guy ?
religions teach hate , power and greed &amp; racist , bigotry instead of love so very sad !
thanks for taking a photo with me today amy .
a wonderful happy valentine &apos;s day present for all happy , devoted couples !
dan keefe for the people 2020 can &apos;t wait
please shut up now warren .
chuckie must be pushing damage control .
love you u.s. senator al franken
thanks kirsten for helping to begin to level the playing field . &quot;
please use your voice to endorse bernie sanders !
elizabeth warren , you rule : )
thank you for standing up for justice and against bigotry--racism , homophobia , sexism , misogyny , religious and xenophobia .
as a hoosier , i thank you , rep. visclosky .
many more americans are hurt by not being able to afford medications than the number that would by receiving unsafe drugs from canada .
i am grateful that you are speaking for us and wish you a wonderful new year .
if she wants to talk about inciting violence , look no further than the anti-trump protesters , including the one that pepper sprayed children .
is that why you voted against cheaper prescription drugs ?
she is friend to my family , i just bought her book , memories of a fantastic woman &apos;s career .
frank pallone for president ! ! ! ! !
i am disappointed in your recent comments ron wyden .
racist , sexist billionaire .
also thank you congresswoman , we need more like you in office .
in order to protect our water from toxic manufacturing and the fossil fuel industry , we need to transition to a resource based economy.https : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = jf2jzokrj4y &#91; &#91; video _ share _ youtube &#93; &#93;
hillary can beat bernie , bernie can beat trump !
the risk of chemical or gmo contamination of organic vineyards needs to be managed , to minimise the likelihood and impact of contamination events .
sanders knew this when he proposed it ) .
thank you , alec baldwin .
let me remind you of the environmental importance of mn as a tourism state !
you get how much money from pharma sen booker ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ! ? !
thank you for your acknowledgement , congresswoman bonamici .
as part of this freeze , no vacant positions existing at noon on january 22 , 2017 , may be filled and no new positions may be created , except in limited circumstances .
happy holidays tom udall : )
thanks earl for your intelligent approach to this issue .
the only thing wrong is that you are still there patty !
i endorse you , kamala !
in case you missed it , america has told you damn dems we have had enough , i am sure that continuing to match to the same old tied beat will help somehow .
protesting is a right but rioting is hateful , destructive and causes greater division !
f the republicans , its time for sane people to revolt
i want to see warren as our vice president .
how on earth could you side with the tea baggers on dodd frank !
my first thought when hillary said there will be a woman president someday !
the problem is that reasoned argument on all sides is drowned out by inflammatory sound bites appealing to base prejudices ... the dark side of democracy in the race to &quot; win &quot; .
i say any person sold for sex at any age should be treated as a victim .
thank you senator schumer ... so many americans who did not want trump in office are scared to death of losing these life sustaining funds that rightfully belong to the american people .
bannon is unfit !
thank you for caring , senator richard blumenthal .
elizabeth warren only encourages hatred .
but it &apos;s ok warren buffet to ship the same oil on his trains .
help us kamala .
i believe between ndaa and the potential for abuse that it has as well as your original position on pipa people are feeling you have crossed a line in the sand .
thank you rep doggett .
we do not rossie or anyone except patty .
happy birthday mrs. warren we have the same birthday !
have a happy and successful new year .
hey chuck , as a constituent , i take great exception to the fact that you have morphed into an obstructionist .
happy thanksgiving senator from my family to yours
the woman is going to be indicted .
typical male view women behind
elizabeth warren are you going to condemn the outrageous behaviour of the violent protesters last night ?
go amy so others aren &apos;t having to chose between food and medicine .
if you want to make changes to the sopa pipa acts , why do you support them as they are now ?
if mario has 2,155 facebook friends , does that mean there are at leas 2,156 mentally deficient people on facebook ? ?
sold out to big pharma .
i do feel however , that it &apos;s very appropriate term to use against democrats : see kennedy family against the cape cod windfarm , see pallone voting against fed audit and drug importation , obama &apos;s entire economic team , etc .
thank you , rep. nolan , for calling attention to the double injustice of how this shutdown is affecting indian tribes .
mental health services .
let mental illness run amok .... this isn &apos;t even about democrats vs. republicans , this is about one sicko being idolized by so many .
frank pallone jr.bring your sidekick paul dickhouse with you !
then why did you take money from the pharma companies and vote against it ?
take care of us tulsi .
dear betty .
thank you congresswoman for your dedication to sanity and for the courage to stand up to those who claim to love america but spend all of their time destroying it .
his last act attacking john lewis on mlk weekend alone should convince you to boycott this travesty .
cayman forde - the first woman president ... 😂
i love amy klobuchar !
i &apos;m thankful for your heart , cory booker !
everyone in nh knows about it now .
mr. booker you have taken $ $ from big pharma and now you vote against a measure to allow americans to buy drugs from canada .
right on senator wyden !
one of the best commentaries on the loss of robin williams .
ms. murray , do you actually believe the falsities you &apos;re claiming here ?
i &apos;m so disappointed in your vote to stand with republicans against the rest of americans who deserve access to affordable prescription drugs .
there is only jill stein and bernie left as people with integrity who we can hope to make a difference .
its discraceful that the governor of minnesota tim pawlenty has not signed the election certificate for franken , this goes to show the voters again how sick the republicans are .
happy birthday , now get out !
best wishes to you and your family too .
i &apos;m ready for a 3rd party whenever you are tulsi gabbard .
do the right thing and endorse # berniesanders your base is his base .
gun laws we need a way to recognize the mentally ill .
i &apos;m a big fan frank .
wash your hands of hillary and her goons and work with a bernie to build a progressive democratic party .
it &apos;s in the poetry that i find the passion that helps me move forward .
patty murray couldn &apos;t be any more dishonest than this !
how about you criticize every politician who parades servicemen and their families out at every political event yet votes against increasing veteran benefits or ensuring a successful transition for soldiers returning to civilian life ?
hillary intimidates female rape victims , but trump who supported alicia machado and never attacked her weight is sexist .
thank you soo much !
happy birthday to you tulsi .... tulsimala is a chain hindus use to pray god .... ur name is great ... ur name is also a tree name in everones house people do pooja to tulsi tree every day ...
thank you carol shea-porter for standing strong and doing what you feel is right for the people of nh ... and thank you for your service-past , present and yet to come !
if you really care about where america is going , then you &apos;ll stand with bernie .
we need truthful labeling and this bill destroys any chance of that .
i intend to hold gillibrand accountable for her actions on a daily basis regardless of what the latest spin is .
carlotta ed alwine je greatest democracy on the planet
if bernie is not the candidate , millions of millennials will either not vote in the general election or they will write in bernie &apos;s name under protest &#91; me too , and i am a 53yr old woman &#93; .
im lower middle class here .
bernie lost .
omg elizabeth you believe the media bs too ?
why are you silent on the tpp ?
senator booker please consider running for higher office !
thank you , congresswoman , for leading the call for taylor .
today is such a wonderful day !
paul - http : / / www.opensecrets.org / politicians / summary.php ? cycle = career &amp; type = i &amp; cid = n00000781 &amp; newmem = n let me know if frank is owned by big pharma and big health insurance big pharma , trial lawyers , unions , and realtors ... just an awful combination of special interest groups to be owned by
if so grab your pacifier and coloring book just remember george soros stole from his own jewish people as they were lead to their deaths why aren &apos;t you boycotting his money ?
just a thought ..... all those blaming trump for the violence at his events , should be compared to those that say of a beaten woman , &quot; she did something to deserve the beating &quot; .
elizabeth warren for president , 2024 !
( btw , you &apos;re super cute )
take a look at all of the high profile shootings and you will find a common factor , mental illness .
love and healing tthoughts for gabby and all affected and that means all of us !
we got your back tammy !
when the people &apos;s voice is silenced by the elite few , this isn &apos;t democracy .
and we &apos;d all like to thank you ... al franken
amy you are the only democrat i have ever voted for .
happy eid bayram !
i hope you are working hard to build a bipartisan coalition against sessions .
we expect you and senator kaine to lead the resistance , not sabotage it .
trumps comments about nuclear weapons has been vastly under-reported and astoundingly has escaped serious analysis .
when two women can make a child without involving a male or two men can procreate a child without involving a woman , then i would consider redefining marriage to make these relationships all equal to each other .
thanks senator - we &apos;re proud of both of you !
stephanie kristen
( merkely , defazio , bonamici , wyden and that is not to forget earl blumenaur ! ) .
love you , kirsten ! !
thank you for your strength and leadership for opposing sessions .
you democratic freaks ! !
so far minnesota is home to dozens of sanctuary cities for over 90,000 illegal immigrants , which by the way cost mn taxpayers 744 million dollars .
i &apos;m from massachusetts and some people are happy and some are not with romneycare .
we need people with enough backbone to speak up when they have concerns about what they see &amp; hear &amp; offer better mental health options .
online piracy may be an issue , but not an issue that should be addressed through pipa .
please consider our thoughtful and resounding decision to put u.s. senator bernie sanders forward as our state &apos;s democratic candidate , and the best choice to defund the front-running republican contender .
me too , senator !
you and the rest of the democrats being obstructionists is one of the most backward and nasty things i &apos;ve seen , especially organizing a protest even before president trump ( oh , how i love saying that ! ! ! )
senator schumer : i &apos;m an ny voter and march because next-generation innovation means remembering our heritage as a nation of immigrants and using it to power our future .
and most of their drugs come from the us anyway .
i agree , rep. doggett , 5 men in black robes , average age 67 , have decided that a woman &apos;s boss can determine if she can get birth control coverage ?
this answer doesn &apos;t cut it when people in canada get the drugs safely .
progressives at the dnc in philly tried doing this and were shunned by the elitist corporate party it &apos;s become , the result .... trump &amp; his caravan of freaks .
way to go , nancy !
irwin , this page is not for trolls , i guess you didn &apos;t hear when walsh insulted her , screw joe .
we know that we can count on you elizabeth warren.thank you .
lewis said the trump presidency was illegitimate ?
&quot; like you , i am committed to equal work for equal pay .
thanks for wat yu have done and will do for mn and usa !
since quite a few republicans were progressive enough to vote for bernie &apos;s amendment .
fight for us by protesting this farce .
with saying that i must now draw your attention to this .... meanwhile at home .... muslim immigrants in minnesota &apos; grooming &apos; and forcing local teens into sex trade why is this even happening and being tolerated by our federal government ?
i hope your dinosaur ass gets voted out soon .
urgent : al okere ( a # 073 426 339 ) , who has lived in the u.s. since he was 5 years old , could be deported to a country where his life will be in serious jeopardy .
thank you for standing up for the rights of our lgbt washingtonians , it shows courage and conviction .
frankly , your party &apos;s rhetoric and attitude insults my intelligence and insults my allegiance to america .
thank you jan for your fight for the citizens of illinois .
you &apos;re another neolib who can &apos;t wean himself from the dnc .
my daughter got the first two years of her college education for free , but the rest of her education has her in debt for life , and with the economy sucking , she &apos;s not finding a job that allows her to pay off the loans she needed .
all politics should have been blown away in sandy but instead it turned into a photo op .... frank your a good fair man and i will continue to vote
warren , you are the problem .
michigan borders canada .
make sure young people are trapped into these loans and then rip them off ?
he had to resort to al caps on twitter .
witness prop 8 in ca and all the bs foisted on the people of oregon by the oca .
taking guns from law abiding citizens will only enable criminals .
thank you , senator booker , for raising your voice !
please work together with the governor snyder instead of going after him .
if you really believed this , than burnie sanders is your guy .
and as a side note , even if the majority of rhode islanders were not in favor of marriage equality , civil rights should not be decided upon by a majority vote of the citizenry , as they are usually being sought to protect minorities .
what can we do , in ohio , to help michigan workers ?
well elizabeth .... you know you want to silence voices and only hear what you want to hear ....
thank-you for boycotting the inauguration .
and again , how can i help ?
you are the face of the progressive movement just as much as bernie is , and they need to see something tangible from you .
mr. doggett , i think we should invest in clean energy : building windmills , solar cells , green machines of all manner right here .
perhaps you write a bill to disband the oakland police department and let these &quot; protestors &quot; protect the city from violent crime .
i &apos;d prefer you stepped down and turned the job over to franken .
by the way , what &apos;s wrong with actors going into politics , mary b ?
jackson is the only one who can withdraw money
so elizabeth warren is endorsing the libertarian party ?
thanks for selling out the people for bernie sanders 2016
oh and happy new year !
tech sgt lewis cox , 223rd ordinance battalion , 1st army .
elizabeth warren endorse bernie sanders !
you should be going to represent the people of nh .
i believe with his friends and associates in illinois right from the start they didn &apos;t get it either .
# warren2020 i &apos;m with you senator warren .
hey , jon !
trump is so filthy , amoral and vile as is his adult family that i am afraid he could beat h or b. not even the famous so-called clinton machine can beat this vile ass .
so i take this refugee ban personally .
you are a clown warren !
do not cooperate in any way with the fascist assholes .
senator schumer , i am so glad to see that you will be fighting hard to protect medicare .
he lied he only attends democratic inauguration ceremonies and he skipped george w for the same reason he is not attending this one !
you too , tammy !
i urge you please , run for president in 2020. i will also knock on doors for you and offer my support in anyway that i can .
you don &apos;t deserve bernie &apos;s endorsement after you supported hillary over him during his run for the white house .
i am so glad one of my senators is thoughtful about women and families and the economy and health care and .....
we can be so proud to have smart and ethical senators representing us .
warren , stfu .
happy new year and thank you for all you do .
grateful to have you representing us .
a hobby lobby employee can buy her contraceptives with the salary she earns from the company .
but you keep cashing that big pharma lobby money .
there is little political will to change this because 95 % of the house and senate have been purchased by wall street , banking , insurance , pharma and the transnational conglomerates .
i know the dnc has no problems with this , but i thought elizabeth warren knew better .
your fake tears mean nothing ! ! ! ! !
sexism and racism rampant in us !
what about the people who work for companies that do not make enough money to qualify for mandatory profit sharing ?
you were a terrific governor and i was proud to have the opportunity to vote for you yesterday .
thank you senator booker for hearing our concerns .
the us has gone to hell under yarmuth and obama but you kids worry about basketball games .
yet access to safe drinkable water is a basic and universal human right , since it is essential to human survival and , as such , is a condition for the exercise of other human rights . &quot;
speak out debbie stabenaw .
with your military background and strong positions about the middle east you &apos;ll appeal to conservatives , and for the rest you &apos;ll be the best democratic candidate ever , you &apos;re a full package !
the middle class is who spends their $ ... which makes these republican corporate monsters bigger profits .
please have senator kaine get on board .
cory booker , i would like to know what actions you are taking to address the intrusion of vladamir putin and russian diplomates into the business of the united states .
but medicare is still medicare and all seniors should belong to that and then have the personal choice of adding medicare supplementary programs .
he witnessed her battle and be victorious on several fronts regarding human rights constitutional rights and civil rights for all people .
be safe , tulsi ! !
please do nj proud !
repeat a lie often enough and forcefully enough and it will become perceived as the truth ... looks like warren swallowed the whole thing
i hope you stand in opposition of every single one of the cabinet members selected by trump who have blatant conflicts of interest .
democrats have such class .
putin &gt; trump
kari elizabeth zachary croft
&quot; in the 2001 census , 45.6 % of the population identified as belonging to protestant or other non-roman catholic denominations .
if elizabeth warren was a chess piece , she &apos;d be a queen - a queen who came out too early .
don &apos;t think about running for governor of vermont , vermont doesn &apos;t need your mindset .
let &apos;s be honest ; for &quot; affordable college .
for those wondering how mr. schumer can support this bill , just follow the $ .
we love you jon tester !
i wouldn &apos;t be too proud if she was my senator .
# obama # democrat # republican # syria # cnn # abc # cbs # bbc # christians and other # minorities under fire in # syria any military strike against the syrian army will lead to a genocide of minorities in syria at the hands of al-qaeda terrorists , and taliban like extremist groups .
thank you for all that you do congresswoman speier !
so get on board with bernie and fight him .
well frankly elizabeth warren has done us all a disservice if she is truly a progressive , by not coming out in support of bernie sanders when we had the historic opportunity to change course of the country .
thanks , chuck .
keep the pressure on him elizabeth , and get biden and others to do the same .
and i just liked an elizabeth warren post .
jewish voice for peace
please please please be a champion for gun control ... be the voice for a nation of sad and scared people .
this great event makes boston proud .
love your new spirit of &quot; working together &quot; to make america better .
elizabeth is soooooo good at hitting the nail on the head !
for my birthday , i would like you to propose a bill to get the corporate influence out of the election process !
dear me .... it &apos;d be nice if we at least had trolls posting their comments in syntactically coherent english .
thanks sherrod - you too !
&quot; toxic stew of hatred and insecurity never reaches the white house &quot; ... really ?
we need you to stop doing things like approving cabinet nominees .
by not attending the inauguration , you are not exhibiting the professionalism we expect of our representatives .
@ stephen carpenter : i have lived in the ma 7th , markey &apos;s district for 13 years and have followed markey pretty colsely .
if congresswoman roybal-allard wishes to speak up in defense of abortion causing drugs or any other moral question i can openly wonder if she is still a catholic or if she &apos;s become a secular humanist or something else .
thank you for always thinking of us whether we are dems or repubs .
wonderful words , tulsi , and so needed right now in our country !
sound like a nazi program .
so , if you want to worry , don &apos;t worry about syrian refugees entering the usa , worry about eu nationals entering the usa on the visa waiver program .
senator booker , i look forward to voting for you in four years !
i &apos;m extremely proud to live there .
herr trump has not earned my respect
this isn &apos;t just about a woman &apos;s right , it is about a business who is family owned to be able to make their own decisions on what they offer to their staff and employees .
tell me did these criminals follow the strict firearms laws in california .
the gay votes .... hillary is running in 2016 why she came out of the woods for gay marriage .
totally lost faith in you mr. booker .
debbie both congressman dingell and you are in fran and my prayers .
right back at cha al .
i just got an email from patty murray &apos;s people - they want contributions .
hi peter , i was wondering why you never feared a russian overtake when hillary offered her reset button , or obama had his open mic .. ill have more negotiation room after the election remark ?
elizabeth , you &apos;re my idol of an inspirational leader .
way to vote beto !
# berniesanders # birdsforbernie
hey snowflake , seeing a man cry is very touching when it is genuine and sincere ... seeing you shed fake tears just enforces what a dumb shit you are ...... anything to remain pertinent ?
you spread more ignorance , hate speech and anti semitism than fox !
i love that my birthday is women &apos;s equality day ! !
who cares about the party jon .
i do not like donald trump and i do not like hillary clinton .
thanks maxine keep up all the good work
this report by warren is just more liberal bs
feeling that their identity , culture , dignity was threatened , they asked russia for help .
cannot vote hillary or bernie .
i &apos;m sorry democrats but hopefully you are learning your political leaders are just as crooked as a republican who are bought and paid for by your local lobbyist 4 big oil and big pharma
elizabeth warren is one of the few politicians i admire .
elizabeth warren , where are you getting this information ?
why did you vote yes on the gmo bill ?
we here in minnesota better wake up these people these islamic people they do not want peace they want to kill us please amy no syrian refugees here in minnesota we have enough islamic people here already
there ya go , justifying riots for votes .
women &apos;s rights are way too important for such a close vote .
snyder is just another lying republican .
corey booker , i pray that you will come out in support of teachers , unions and public education now , for you would be the hope of the democrats , except for your position against public education .
mental illness is running rampant in the house !
ms. harris to be frank * it was not my parents fault-- i did it on my accord and truancy would follow that pursuit frequently even after -- parent teacher conference attempting to correct that * but that was in ohio
no mr franken hillary won the popular vote , and that orange bozo is # notmypresident
how do they like minnesota after this cold ?
well done betty !
please senator warren , if you are as frightened as you seem to be , please come out and endorse senator sanders as the democratic nominee !
yeah , why require a measure that would actually restore confidence in our mn elections ?
if this man was deemed too racist for a federal judge appointment , he is too racist for attorney general .
voter suppression and russian tampering and fbi treason .... what are you waiting for ? ?
you too al : )
al you are the best senator we have had in decades !
yes , no one needs an assault weapon .
senator wyden , please keep up the good fight .
first , it &apos;s important to understand that the governor of ma can , and will , appoint an interim u.s. senator from ma .
# bernieorbust bernie sanders is our only hope .
amy , i find the high gas prices difficult to swallow when just recently i heard on the news that we were actually acquiring so much in petroleum that the us was contemplating selling it to other countries .
ron wyden is a tool of monsanto .
that &apos;s why most bernie supporters didn &apos;t vote in it .
so grateful for you senator franken !
other than the comment about the kkk which i suspect this is dead on .
this may be hard for some people to understand but i wanted hillary the last election and i want hilary this election .
i am jewish and i can honestly say your a real disapointment to all jews across the country .
this is a closed door , secret , last minute sell out to wall street and big financial contributors , and it takes away earned pension benefits from retirees .
bernie was the best tonight hands down .
excuse me debbie you are misrepresenting this .
he was invited to attend as he worked tirelessly representing new hampshire
more than likely this will tip the vote count to president elect trump .
to succeed , we need : 1. a united coalition of opposition forces , organized and led by a group of power houses that know and understand the game .
this includes you amy klobuchar .
so proud that you represent me
bernie is the only guy to beat him !
that &apos;s why i voted for beto
time to reorganize , find candidates that are in line with today &apos;s thinking , and prepare for the mid term election to hope to regain any semblance of sense and reason , compassion and unity for 2018
yes , this long overdue ... sounds like joe biden has made this cause happen ..
if all of this citizen abuse by our democratic political elite is their way of &quot; protecting democratic priorities &quot; , maybe we need somebody different for a change .
so , is it conscionable to get drugs from israel for a cheaper price but not canada ?
the study of the efficacy of qr codes outlined in the bill is to take place significantly after any labeling is established and in the marketplace .
just some information on clint didier gop who is challenging patty murray .
i guess that is why you and the other &quot; yes &quot; voters don &apos;t want clear labels : it will result in lower sales for the food makers and biotech corporations who are invested in gmos .
skew , this is literally sen warren cyber bullying trump .
hillary clinton did not lose because she was a woman .
keep alerting people to the very real threat he poses to our country and our democracy .
please help nancy p she &apos;s disturbed .
to do as pelosi wishes is to side with left wing progressive communist democrats tyrants who wont listen to the majority .
why why why can we not make big corporations pay higher taxes ?
thank-you congressman brad sherman for speaking out for gun control .
we stand with elizabeth warren .
ms. warren , i will contribute to your 2020 presidential run .
i am more proud to be an independent than ever .
if you cant see what only takesvthe ability to read at grade 10 level i guess you deserve hrc
donald trump is the lesser of the two evils , like jimmy carter said , to the british parliament &quot; donald is more malleable &quot; .
! 🍾 🎉 get it girl !
blessing to you , debbie .
more violence , injustice , hate , fear , poverty and suffering in the name of trumpism .
you know that canadian drugs are safe .
thank you , mr. franken !
the more i read about mr. bannon the more i fear for our future and the future of the world .
wow , if amy klobuchar said that there &apos;s hope on the horizon !
it will be the electoral college that puts trump in office .
as a senior it is almost impossible to afford my insulin , especially when you hit the proverbial donut hole on medicare .
franken , take back your endorsement for clinton .
i am so dissapointed with the choices trump is making .
now you &apos;re ranting for attention and kosta &apos;s just an ass .
in case the younger generation had any illusions of controlling their own future , thanks for keeping them in check al franken .
thak u senator klobuchar saludos
everyone , ms warren .
i do think that trump supporters feel that he values more masculine values .
senator ron wyden , we are counting on honorable politicians like you to hold this inexperienced , reckless , hateful man in check and do all you can to limit and mitigate the damage he causes .
i personally have to pay out of pocket for my 8 year olds meds .
even * if * big pharma contributions had no sway on this vote , the fact that we , the public , aren &apos;t certain about nor trust this particular vote cast because of the massive lobby contributions senator booker received , only reinforces the desperate need for campaign finance reform .
thank you so much from britain for your support against dog torture .
if minnesota isn &apos;t looking out for the health of mississippi river , it &apos;s nothing but trouble downstream .
mrs.porter : ) thats soo cool
a report in sunday &apos;s wall street journal ( wsj ) by devlin barrett revealed that agents assigned to the new york field office have been carrying the bulk of the work in investigating the clinton foundation .
one of the first major points that i agree with bernie sanders .
denise , a proud lesbian
and i sincerely hope you and all the dems / repubs can work together to make positive things happen for this beautiful country .
senator sanders isn &apos;t beholden to anyone .
it &apos;s time for bernie !
when the vile of racism is being spewed by those who are elected to office or has a mic before them , ready willing and more than able to spew their vile then this will happen .
thank you for once again speaking out in support of a woman &apos;s right to choose what is best for her and her family .
trump would have driven my father berserk .
every time a democrat loses an argument they call the other side a racist , sexist , homophobic , or xenophobic .
did you forget how a bill is made an passed ms. senator ?
well elizabeth , do you think usa is better off with hillary who is in the pockets of the wall street bankers .
thank you senator warren ...
then why has zhillary been endorsed by the kkk
lori , then you shouldn &apos;t take prescription medication ( fda ) nor should you participate in medicare when you &apos;re elderly
yep and the dnc screwed their only hope .
explain to your votesr the six figure you accepted from pharmaceutical companies .
he also built his campaign on the accusation that the establishment has sold out the working class to benefit the donor class , the same accusation made by you and bernie .
cheney &apos;s own gay daughter isn &apos;t safe from discriminating facist nazis ... her father hates the lgbt &amp; so does her sister ... hate , racist , murdering cheney needs to go to hell today ... so sorry for his daughter ... she must be a very strong woman ! !
thank you rep rep. lloyd doggett
please do everything you can to reverse trump &apos;s ban !
then mooooove your ass out of mn if you dont like it .
it is not consistent with the spirit of democracy .
please reach across the aisle to moderate republicans , keep standing up against ignorance and greed , and please keep fighting for us .
medication does not completely cover my pain , it only lessens it , making it manageable .
when &apos;s international men &apos;s day ?
thanks amy well done .
thanks for working for minnesota .
lots of maize and blue / green and white here at today &apos;s detroit free press marathon events ! !
how about forcing nypd officers to carry professional liability insurance ?
to the bernie supporters you will allow trump to win .
i &apos;m with john lewis always !
mr. brown , you fight for all ohioans , and i voted for you !
happy thanksgiving to you and your family senator ! !
donald trump is bad news .
for my family and our democratic politicians who have our best interests at heart .
john lewis ( ga-05 ) hon .
many doctors , surgeons and specialists providing critical care to the elderly — such as surgery for hip and knee replacements , sophisticated diagnostics through mris and ct scans , and even treatment for cancer and heart disease — will cease serving medicare patients .
i agree , wall street needs to be cleaned up , but our government &apos;s fiscal deceptions is probably 10x the magnitude of ws , should the congresswoman disregard this because is serves her convince ?
a democratic society is not a &quot; pass &quot; so that you don &apos;t need to be concerned about a family &apos;s stability !
senator gillibrand is a cosponsor of this bill !
i need to be able to get into a forgiveness program so i can let go of these loans before i am on social security ! !
you &apos;re describing democrats
the thing is senator warren , when children say hurtful things , we make them apologize then move forward .
thank you , jill l. cooper
i love my best friend but i don &apos;t want to marry her .
so grateful to have you representing me and my son in congress .
women for .
california ha very strict gun control laws and this was in a gun free zone !
we are so proud to have you representing us .
i thank you , too , senator , for your tireless efforts on behalf of all ohioans .
thank you for your efforts to make changes to existing gun laws and for you feelings for the dead and wounded and their families .
congrats kirsten : )
the democratic party may have to learn a hard lesson the whole country will suffer if they don &apos;t pull there greedy hands out of there asses .
please continue to push for sensible gun control , police reform and peace education in our schools
i love the idea of amy klobuchar being president someday !
check out unosquare in portland , and the nearshoring trade association in michigan .
i don &apos;t think the canadians would allow drugs to go available for the public without testing and proper research , plus you never provided evidence that support your answer .
when they lose they cry an exclude themselves and believe they are noble for doing such .
i ask you this since you are the first and only democratic representative to even give my questions the time of day .
good for you rep. yarmuth !
she barely makes it month to month with the meager assistance from those programs but still finds ways to help the less fortunate .
cory this kkk bannon should not be anywhere near the whitehouse .
congressman gerry connolly yes !
too many beautiful shots of new york
al franken !
2013 and still fighting for equal pay for equal work
you should have endorsed bernie sanders a long time ago , or better have run for president yourself
waiting for 2020 , when we can vote senator booker into the white house .
thank you tulsi for your service and all you do for hawaii ...
many private citizens with guns in their homes are staying quiet about all this for fear of appearing insensitive and other factors .
pharma vote was a bad choice but you have time to redeem yourself .
yes , stop accepting big pharma money and perhaps more people will respect and believe you .
get on board kamala .
mr. schumer - you are a f * * * * * * idiot .
thank you , senator warner , for standing up for the law and what is right .
the fda regulates foods and food ingredients developed by genetic engineering using the same rules it applies to other food products .
did schumer vote against the bill ?
thank you claire mccaskill for trying !
it was her political party that incited the riots
on hamilton &apos;s birthday - rise up !
trump is an american who won the election fairly , the russians had nothing to do with it !
furthermore , breitbart , which was run by bannon before he became trump &apos;s campaign chairman , is at least partially owned by the mercers .
can &apos;t wait for him to be primaried and get a real progressive in his place .
i met you when you were an assembly woman and married to dr. steve sierra .
they should fear the reaction of us more than they fear this violent minority group that they &apos;re permitting to take over .
cory booker 2020 ! ! ! !
* happiest may day to senator colleen *
there is nothing unsafe about the prescription drugs in canada .
go , go.go cory !
joe for delaware gov ! ! !
hey ... look and number 3 .... it &apos;s bernie sanders .
i did not write hatred on trump &apos;s fb account or where ever , i just ignore him .
no it is not a historic day amy .
cd9 residents and long time sinema supporters got married today in ny .
we will end corporate greed &#124; bernie sanders 4 / 29 / 16 indianapolis indiana : http : / / youtu.be / jfnhupaenmu
very proud of you senator jeff merkley
i &apos;m so proud that you are our attorney general !
medicare can only be fixed by working to prevent diabetes -and , effectively managing diagnosed diabetes for better outcomes - lets not flip flop with rayan / romney
i know white is always white but trump is unique
am right behind you warren .
great come up with stronger gun laws .
as one of your constituents may i say i completely disapprove of the job you and all the democratic senators are doing ... let &apos;s take a look at your accomplishments .
i think you &apos;re a wonderful senator and i eagerly listen to your podcast .
if the attorney general of new york dropped a potential unsupported criminal bombshell on trump 11 days before the election , and then said &quot; never mind &quot; just three days before the election , and trump lost , there would be riots .
thank you for fighting for a real america : &quot; the reported ban on refugees and immigrants from several majority muslim countries is a thinly disguised religious test that would do nothing to safeguard our nation , while running counter to core american values , &quot; said wyden in a press release early wednesday morning .
many thanks to the democrats continuous efforts and steadfastness !
thank you , sherrod for all your long hours and hard work to make things better for ohioans .
thank you for your heartfelt thoughts.i am lifted a little because you realize both donald trump and steve bannon are not what we need .. but of course , that &apos;s what we have .
al , open your mind to the fact that new polling shows : hrc cannot beat trump .
our safety nets and programs , medicaid , housing , social security benefits , medicare have already taken so many cuts the last few decades ... and can not take more .
rip booth
proud to have you as one of my senators !
: ( corporate democrats like you have killed the party that was supposed to be for the people .
how can he claim to be represent his state , his people , and not support bernie sanders , the presidential candidate who won in franken &apos;s state ?
good luck debbie !
thank you queen nancy .
that is precisely why the electoral college was created .
i earn 18k per year working 40 hour weeks in the recycling industry , what did you do to earn that six figure bonus from big pharma ?
for a lgbt here in california her students were crying they &apos;re afraid most are immigrants but all of her students are in the lgbt what are we to do .
sorry franken but you wont get my vote ! !
i &apos;ve called cory &amp; left several messages ... hope everyone will do the same
tv said it was 1042nd mass shooting in the us , since the connecticut shooting ( 3years ago )
ms. warren , you should endorse bernie sanders if you don &apos;t want trump to win .
bravo , betty !
you too tulsi gabbard .
this trump is scary .
how many multi billion dollar corporations have you built elizabeth .
keep working to prevent gun violence .
i think the people of michigan deserve to know why debbie stabenow is voting against the interest of the people she represents in michigan as well as other americans .
snyder and his cronies need to charged with murder and genocide .
as a classroom teacher with stockton unified school district , i have real concerns as to how we work to solve our guns rights issues .
i agree mr pallone .
i don &apos;t see how punishing cory booker is the answer.work with our people before getting pissed and giving up on them .
go for it elizabeth !
i love reading all these loving , grateful comments , it makes my heart so happy we all feelthebern : )
would love to have a state without , gillibrand and chuck ! !
shared sentiments rep. debbie wasserman schultz ... !
and at least one of those women - amy klobuchar - is a warmonger and supporter of torture .
yesterday , cnn showed up two hours early to cover his &quot; rally &quot; , hoping for protesters to show up .
sen warren is not going endorse bernie or hillary , she should , rightfully , wait until after the primaries
i have always admired mary jo &apos;s work , she always help us find housing and services when some of our patient &apos;s families need help while their children were in the hospital at children &apos;s .
as a , ahem , man , i find ours a sick society where we even have to have a violence against women bill !
speak for the people of your state , not rank and file democrat politics .
posted in writing &#124; leave a comment &#124; edit ed schultz of msnbc has his head screwed on straight .
i and my drama students work with our local police to train for just such thing happening at our school .
please run in 2020 cory
dear senator , thank you for posting yourself on this issue that is so important to so many women .
sorry elizabeth , i will not support trump , he is not and will never be my president .
dammmmn , elizabeth !
my humans think a lot about the topic of gun violence and the perversion of the meaning of the 2nd amendment by the far right revolution crowd and the gun lobby crowd .
i saw an amy klobuchar bumper sticker in the parking lot of menards in lax wi today and it made my morning !
i suggest importing bill clinton , ms. warren
end farm subsidies earl .
i will also be posting this on twitter and facebook so that other connecticut constituents may also evaluate your response to this terrible travesty by our government !
look , senator booker , you &apos;re extremely likable , but i promise you , if you don &apos;t start doing something about all of this , you are going to have a serious problem when you come up for re-election .
you &apos;ll always have my vote , but please make a statement condemning bannon in the white house .
the people of colorado overwhelmingly voted for senator bernie sanders and you should too ! !
we know the same part of the brain that is affected in alzheimer &apos;s , and dementia is the same part of the brain affected in those with mental illness .
frank , you loser .
sorry ms stabenow , i do not agree ... the students signed at 6.8 % when they took out the loans ; congress cut the interest rate in half in 2006 but who do you think paid the half the students did not ? ?
the dnc as it was needs to be dissolved .
i &apos;m glad scott brown is senator from massachusetts .
gabby is an inspiration to us all !
shameful not showing up for our new president &apos;s inauguration .
thank you senator ron wyden for your courageous , inspiring and thoughtful leadership ... you represent oregonians well 💙 🇺 🇸 💚
there are no sufficient studies looking at the health and the viability of a pregnant vaccinated woman &apos;s baby before or after birth and comparing that information to women who do not get vaccinated while pregnant .
while all these baby steps &quot; in the right direction &quot; are so slowly grudgingly inching along , people in this &quot; great &quot; country are suffering and dying .
lloyd , you will never be able to obtain equality or justice in congress because too many brain dead people keep getting elected there .
i &apos;m with you al , like many americans i have been waiting for someone to lead .
any attempt to work across the aisle with this group of racist bigots and i will not vote to reelect you .
i am so glad this came out in the open , but do we as americans have to get our meds from mexico or canada because these drug companies like mylan and their heather bresch have to put more money in their own pockets ?
what else is real is that clinton will lose to trump and sanders won &apos;t .
i learned florence has the highest amount of veterans in ma per capita .
i can only hope other senators feel the same way you do and wil be proactive about trying to prevent this appointment .
well mr. larsen , you will not get my vote
amy do not let the republicans take the americans hostage .
you need to remove yourself , as does patty murray from parmacuticle companies , you both have received hundred of thousands of dollars from them .
dear congressman cicilline , i would appreciate if you would take a moment of your valuable time to view the crime rate statistics of new york state ( strictest gun laws in us ) compared to west virginia ( most lax gun laws in us ) .
this is a sad day for marriage : (
bernie &amp; elizabeth
oregon needs a leader who will take better care of our oregon troops , veterans , and their families .
we must break our addiction to fossil fuels .
ms. duckworth - perhaps you should look up &quot; consent &quot; in the dictionary .
jon darcelien
attacking trump supporters .
trump is just a distraction put in place by democrats so hillary can win .
i love you too , senator k. but my arteries are shrieking in protest as my salivary glands dance in anticipation .
i &apos;m sorry ms. harris is moving in this direction .
i see as much or more hatred and violence from trump protesters than supporters ... lifetime politicians have been ripping this country apart for decades ... and you people say you want a change .. vote clinton or sanders ... and remain the same ...
she may be the least informed person in how business work that i have meet in my lifetime .
tulsi - please run in 2020 ! ! ! ! !
i am so proud to call you my congresswoman !
now we need to work on fmla equal rights for the glbt community .
elizabeth warren should be a candidate for president .
i have long wanted to meet with senator donnelly , but his staff will not share his schedule ahead of time .
this is a very progressive statement , keep it up patty and i might change my current view of you .
if the dnc had not of cheated bernie sanders out of the democratic nomination , this election result would not have happened .
: ( keep speaking the truth sen. booker !
so proud to have you have my senator : )
a wake up call for some but what we really need is for you ( senator elizabeth warren ) to support senator bernie sanders publicly by agreeing to be his running mate in this 2016 election .
i think it &apos;s time this woman started acting like she &apos;s in the position she &apos;s in for the people of her state , and not for her own agenda .
push to delay the inauguration until thorough investigation can be done .
mahalo for your action on this !
355 in 326 days , that &apos;s mass shootings , that &apos;s more than one a day for everyday of 2015. doesn &apos;t anyone see a problem ?
i &apos;d vote for you , or senator sanders first .
i am absolutely behind everything you say , elizabeth !
at least trump hasn &apos;t killed anyone , like hillary in bengazi .
true hero .. man of integrity and character .. mahalo !
i hope it &apos;s independent cause hillary is a thousand times worse .
happy birthday &amp; thank you for all that you do for us !
a vote for hillary is just a wasted vote , period .
this legacy will be remembered and when students talk about you in a few decades in history class , it will be to ask , why didn &apos;t she do something ?
is lots of money spent by unknown people a good thing for democracy .
of education and not by commercial banks who could care less if kids can go to college .
time for some serious talk on mental health .
liz for pres &apos; 20 takes shape .
mainstream and independent polls show hillary struggling against trump .
hilary is a shady selfcentered lady .
actually , bernie sanders is going on to overtake the democratic convention , fdr , did in the past , bernie will also win it for us .......
shaheen why are you going south to raise money ?
endorse bernie or continue to be a part of the problem .
amy , this is a new minnesota author from kittson county .
senator bennet , please it is past time , we need to require responsible gun ownership .
he would not get away with inciting people to violence from a podium here in the uk .
thank you for all you are doing for us , attorney general harris !
who better to carry forward the bernie legacy ?
debbie stabenow , cut it out with the gmo crap and secret back room deals !
gun violence has to be addressed at every single gathering with elected officials ... particularly those in congress .
well , this is a real problem , because the dnc has already picked their candidate , by mandate of anointment the are putting their puppet hillairy on the 2016 ticket for potus ... i am sure that the fix is in on that .. http : / / 1984arkansasmotheroftheyear.blogspot.ca / 2012 / 04 /
thanks for the response tulsi gabbard it really meant a lot .. gmo is destroying our hawaii and poisoning the people within ..
first i &apos;m not in your district but i signed for support for you as leader in the dnc .
how exciting - patty and the prez together .
colleen - i didn &apos;t use the term &quot; average person . &quot;
this isn &apos;t just an issue for seniors .
for what it &apos;s worth , the failed war on drugs has cost taxpayers over $ 25 billion so far this year .
so fuck you cunt ! !
the people do not want their property or land in oregon thrashed from big oil .
the risk of false positives and the accompanying anxiety is not a good enough reason to take away the benefits of mammograms for women in their 40s !
we are not world &apos;s police force !
marked on my calendar vote for sherrod
i think you are very guilty of crimes within the government and that &apos;s why you are delaying confirming trump &apos;s cabinet picks because you know how much power they will hold and that scares the shit iut of you , doesn &apos;t it ?
recall - you &apos;re beginning the defense of &quot; voting rights &quot; with an accepted age discrimination built in .
standing proud with rick jauert at our side .
these seem to outpace any individual union &apos;s contributions , though unions in general support rep. pallone strongly .
if those drugs are not safe then why allow them to kill canadians ?
liberals love to label people they don &apos;t like .
it is those whom overtly and subversively bent towards racism and bullying who caused this mess .
had you gotten behind bernie from day one you could have stopped hillary too ... now look where we are .
this is for my son , who finished university in 2002. i offered to pay off his student loans .
love and support patty murray you go girl
i ❤ maxine waters !
thank you for your evolution on the subject of marriage equality .
in your case , ms. warren , i find such effort not worth my time .
you guys better obstruct anything they try to do like they have done to us the last 8 years !
i endorse bernie sanders !
trump has brought out the worst in many hateful people .
i think its deplorable that over 2 million americans will be facing an extremely difficult time this holiday season .
i &apos;ve heard cries for civil war ... if this is war , let it be fought in the ballot box !
i voted for bernie , so what you are saying is .
congrats - what a relief that sanity reigns in washington ; at least in their decision for senator : )
we need you now , senator booker .
your tpp votes similarly shows a greater interest in protecting the vast profits of big pharma over access to needed , generic drugs in the region .
could use another wife to iron my clothes , and one to cook , oh hey maybe add a husband for me to work , heck , can i marry my dog too ?
go get em &apos; mr. wyden !
chuck you are a pussy !
it &apos;s really not smart to yuk it up , al , because we don &apos;t think it &apos;s a joke .
they will be out shortly for both ms. warren and scott brown .
the travesty is your intentional ignorance to what trump really is .
congratulations to ohio &apos;s great democratic couple !
please boycott inauguration ! ! ! ! ! !
jayo tulsi .
might ask derek kilmer the same question .
thank god for the sensibilities of women !
dear amy klobuchar please tell us that the gop didn &apos;t add some sneak dealings to this bill .
always fucking over the people .
not that they are bad its just the stuff surrounding these games like traffiking of women that i want to disappear from our beloved minnesota !
this is tyranny disguised as racism and social justice .
how does it feel being on the wrong side of your party and of history on the tpa vote mr. earl blumenauer ?
thank you , senator warren for thinking of me and gays and all the other marginalized populations in your efforts to bring about needed change .
it &apos;s about time women serve on an equal basis of opportunity and performance .
i appreciate your standing against hate .
kirsten for president 2016 !
thank you for your consideration , congresswoman , well done
kelly chao yesssss warren !
keith , don &apos;t be ridiculous .
thank you for speaking on behalf of all women , especially those who feel voiceless .
you &apos;re the best , louise !
you have betrayed everything that is supposed to be good in the democratic party and you betrayed bernie sanders too .
nyc already has very strict gun laws ( i.e.
chellie pingree has my undying support .
i think the pharmaceutical industry should be doing this research with all the money they make off of us americans with the inflated prices they charge us for medicines .
frederick douglass was so amazing .
a ban on guns would be no different than a ban on cars because they kill , or alcohol because it kills , etc .
if hillary makes an abrupt stop , warren &apos;s head will be so far up clinton &apos;s .... donkey .
i care about minnesota lakes and rivers .
the sad thing is that almost all the rural communities voted red .
what part did they strike down amy ?
sen. warren , it &apos;s time you endorse hillary and we start the campaign to win the white house .
i am sorry for your loss al .
voting against equal pay and insurance coverage of contraception is not fighting &quot; for &quot; women .
it is essentially one corporatist party with two wings .
you , congresswoman are the racist and you love spreading your hate .
ask jeff sessions about the syrian doctor caring for people of his own state https : / / www.facebook.com / aljazeera / videos / 10155168277208690 /
i don &apos;t see ms warren building another candidate up here .
elizabeth warren is acting desperate !
no more shopping at hobby lobby for me !
i &apos;ve been voting democrat for 39 years .
after watching the 3 debates i decided to vote for mitt romney , but i still will vote for elizabeth warren .
sanders took pharma money as well .
go pallone .
i support your run for the dnc chair , we need you !
it is now against the law to use any hand-held device while driving in the city of san antonio !
look in the mirror your just like trump warren ! !
and then turned around and voted against cheaper meds from canada for big pharma
please stand with the american people when we vote for bernie sanders !
the pro gun lobby is too strong and will buy congress .
thanks representative blumenauer !
oh , so elizabeth believes the candidates are boys and girls .
it is not racist to have more black friends than hillary .
trump is our wonderful new president and he is restoring america ! ! ! ! !
elizabeth warren hailed as a conservative ?
perkins loans can be paid off in a similar manner but why not stafford loans , as well ?
thank you senator gillibrand for standing up to this awful nomination .
could minnesotans start to unite ?
i &apos;m going to canada for my prescription next year .
amy , liked the talk about energy .. but he was a bit thin on specifics .
because they don &apos;t control the senate and the white house , chris .
and now our children have an extra $ 50,000 per person added to their &quot; fair share &quot; of the debt at the hands of you , schumer , and obama ......
we continue to - unaccountably and unconstitutionally - spread violence , and then we &apos;re shocked when it sprouts in our backyard .
give &apos;m hell congresswoman
please do everything in your power to prevent thes tragedies
patty , apparently you don &apos;t understand the simple language of the constitution .
hillary has built her campaign with criminal investigation .
elizabeth will be great president !
phil and frank - get off your soap boxes already ! ! ! ! !
keep up the good fight , kyrsten .
congratulatons to you , madame senator !
bernie would have won .
russell , the pipa is the senate version of the bill .
and frank knight , please check out rick &apos;s competition .
i think gun safe zones is short sighted thinking and only stresses our intentions instead of thinking of how to deal with real situations .
it would be a waste of you and bernie &apos;s campaigning if you don &apos;t .
it concerns me that you and others speak a good deal about the middle class and nobody says much about the working poor and worse .
your decision not to attend speaks volumes why you are not fit to to represent debit ridden california .
better yet , if you get us a bus to the inauguration , we &apos;ll help you tell them ... but by then nancy will be speaker again ... changazi
al , we could sure use some of that saturday night satire of yours !
hartland , wi .
thank you for keeping up the fight , senator .
rick , sorry to let you know ss is a ponzi scheme , great for old people , bad for young people .
keep it up patty : )
tim kaine isn &apos;t afraid to speak out on healthcare reforms , but what opinion does he have on family ?
america needs you in 2020 !
ditto , chellie !
dear senator shaheen , i may not of expressed my concerns correctly .
thank you senator whitehouse ! !
bombs and warfare will achieve nothing constructive and most likely destabilize the situation even more .
not the least bit humorous al .
sherrod , keep speaking for the middle class and american jobs !
happy birthday from the julian household !
are you really party partisans before you &apos;re parents and grandparents or even human beings ?
projecting again elizabeth
i have never been prouder of living in washington state than i am right now ... and never prouder of living in your district , rick .
ok , you &quot; don &apos;t care &quot; that the founding document of the country where we live indicates that humans have a right to life ... ?
i &apos;m glad you &apos;re taking the gloves off and fighting dino rossi in a way that even the tea party idiots might understand .
- you saw this coming e. u.s. senator elizabeth warren .
funny how none of the trump supporters / hillary / warren haters can spell or write grammatically correct sentences .
sherrod brown love trump !
the southern democratic was a believer in slavery .
didn &apos;t you hear , mlk wasn &apos;t popular either .
cory booker &amp; neil gaiman - two reasons i have faith that what is good and true will prevail .
if you get the chair please don &apos;t screw up the dnc any more than it already is .
booker ... 2020. hopefully the country will see clearly by then .
yeah , maybe , but novartis invested heavily to bring this to market .
stabenow should be done now !
amy and al franken both failed to protect the citizens of america by voting no on gmo labeling .
thank you senator shaheen for working to protect all of our rights to heathcare
i will always be inspired by your fight to challenge big bad banks and government sell outs .
why isn &apos;t organized labor insisting the democrats enact : 1. anti-lockout legislation .
&#91; &quot; cast , &quot; colleen .
there was this woman who got caught in the act of adultery ( in the bible days ) and several people took her before jesus saying , &quot; master this woman got caught in adultery and moses said that she should be stoned for her sin . &quot;
thank you president obama , vp biden , and you too al .
17. do you believe that women are more inclined to teach and protect children than men ?
prince and bannon are running the country .
they need you to represent our great state at the inauguration .
thanks debbie , keep it up .
why diid you join with the gop to block access to cheaper med in canada ? ! ? ! ?
@ gary shooltz stfu you ignorant ass man , it &apos;s not your place nor any other mans to tell any woman what she can do with her body dickhead !
i have faith in the citizens and leaders of this country to create a just society where all can live a life filled with dignity , purpose and equality .
you and senator udall act like we &apos;re all stupid that we don &apos;t know that .
kirsten and other prominent democratic women should have vied for the nomination .
the 3 bills enacted in 8 terms congress , since 2001 , that rick larsen has actually managed to pass as law .
@ cory booker why did you vote nay &quot; to bernie &apos;s prescription plan to lower pricing on medication ? ?
patty you are talking out of the wrong orifice
my worry is that now , the party that has obstructed every effort put forth by democrats for the last 8 years will just ignore them .
being a middle class family really places us at disadvantage for any kind of aid or grants and we rely in student loans .
or women don &apos;t care ?
one trip to the grocery store illuminates just how tiny this cola increase is and we don &apos;t even know as yet about the medicare premium increase for 2017. thank you , tammy for trying to improve this situation .
good luck in the election major , send joe walsh home , maybe then he &apos;ll find time to pay his back child support .
tim kaine is an idiot and the next one out of politics in virginia .... warner i like
thats because frank guinta is a liar
oh yeah , hillary is the answer 😳 😳 😳
i fear they are very vulnerable right now .
yes , i am a ny voter and your constituent .
i personally believe that you boycotting the inauguration will be the nail in your political coffin .
pick and choose which women ?
you too ms. warren !
if what i am reading is true , we may have done in the past what trump is saying now .
violence is a learned behavior and yet it is americas dirty little secret-happening in malls , theatres , and schools-not to mention violence in families .
amy , please let &apos;s get these economic issues solved ! !
you deserve some quality time , you always give so much to the residents of mn !
i would prefer to give senator byrd the benefit of the doubt .
you are the best elizabeth , keep it going .
representative frank pallone , you are a great american as well , and i for one , appreciate your efforts of behalf of all americans !
bernie says what he knows to be right .
maybe have sanders run again in 2020 and if sanders win and wins re-election in 2024 , and use that time to groom ellison for a presidential run in 2028 ?
madam schakowsy you are a moron , if you had half a brain you &apos;d know you are a member of the party who uses racism , lies and bigotry on a daily basis .
one with power in our government is using guilt tactics and tears to get their way ?
me too , a voice of reason in the insanity of michigan politics right now !
how sad ... elizabeth warren joins the establishment .
still wish you would do more peter defazio for the people of oregon , directly .
mental health evaluations should be done with potential gun sales .
good work , senator klobuchar !
thank you for doing what i also believe is right , betty !
and btw , your cheap shots at bernie just makes his campaign stronger ! !
of course al , you can now come out of the closet .
she and and bernie are both passionate about economic issues ( which is great ) but bernie just doesn &apos;t have the diplomatic and foreign service acumen .
keep fighting for the most vulnerable and keep the middle class stong .
thanks senator warren ! !
but the real thing you need to post on facebook is a apology to your constituents for voting against sanders amendment to allow drug imports .
save time , save money , save us from scott brown .
i hear you will be in auburn next friday 8 / 21 , for a roundtable on economic development at cayuga community college .
thank you for your strong support !
u.s. senator elizabeth warren as a strong supporter , i really want to know why did you not endorse bernie ?
go team patty murray ! ! ! ! !
and the us option only works if i can find a doctor in the states willing to write me a prescription for a drug widely used in canada and europe but ignored as a treatment option in the us .
this is now about saving our democracy .
you are on the right side of the issues and i am sure it won &apos;t take nh long to figure out what a big mistake guinta will be .
i hope you will vote against jeff sessions for attorney general , based on his long history of racist statements and misleading padding of his own record on civil rights .
hillary and the word &quot; decency &quot; together is enough to make me choke .
and it not part of the demexit movement of those who supported sanders .
look how big pharma pays to block cannabis !
care to edify me dutch ruppersberger ?
this is murder on our streets of good people has the world gone crazy with the power of these weapons ?
keith for dnc chair ✊ 🏽
stay the course ms. congresswoman , and thank you .
ricci groomes carol nykerk
typical for women &apos;s accomplishments .
i feel blessed about many things , one of them being oregon sen. merkeley .
where do we get signs that say patty murray for senate ?
reality : a majority of their racist voters remained with the racist democrat they supported-welcomed by the democratic party for the power they gave the party .
it proves senators are not part of the solution and that the democratic party on every matter significant to working people &apos;s lives , proves the party is less a workingman &apos;s party and more a party of capitulation .
portugal happy thanksgiving tammy duckworth for congress
jeremy - the dems did it that way so as to prevent repugs from adding pointless amendment after amendment to it which the repugs said they would do .
it &apos;s time for the normal people to take charge of this country and drown out the right wing fringe hate-mongers .
if anyone does snyder and granhm should be charged with murder .
do you think big pharma will change their practices if you say pretty please ?
i don &apos;t understand patty .
if you truly care about reducing drug prices for american consumers while maintaining safety standards , you should be able to openly support the purchase of canadian drugs produced in america .
she &apos;s the best !
what are you doing to keep ebola out of this country amy .
what &apos;s with women and sexism ! ?
2018 isn &apos;t far off , senator .
try not to forget you also serve non-white nh constituents this time .
is it not the liberal supporters who incite violence at trump events ?
now crime there is at a all time hight.check the facts ... if you ban guns your only taking them away for the innocent people that own firearms ... criminals will get guns no matter what kind of gun control laws we have ... maybe society needs to stop babying children these days ..
thank you ron wyden - please keep us in oregon informed what is happening in dc and what we can do to protect all americans rights .
a reminder that the inauguration is a ceremony for the newly elected president .
what stabenow fails to point out is how these unions use implied tactics to influence the voter and how the union membership votes in any election .
give me a break , claire .
i &apos;m a proud gun owner who is also a proud freethinker and progressive .
and a bought &amp; paid for cory booker votes against the people .
meanwhile , please support mike lapointe and donate to his campaign at mikelapointe.org.
sen. warren , i &apos;m surprised that you think trump is a conservative .
thanks so much amy !
heald college has a proud history of educating californians and helping them achieve their life goals that stretches back more than 150 years .
please take out the teaparty sponsored , monsanto benefitting , king amendment .
hard to make the message of equal pay &quot; black and white &quot; for certain employees , but given that latitude needs to be allowed to negotiate with a prospective employee , there has to be equal latitude for men and women .
and proud of you , elizabeth !
make it so drumpf only has one term .
pleeeeese switch to bernie sanders
i was proud to be your constituent when i lived in your area , and i &apos;m proud to be a texan because of people like you !
peaceful transfer of power , ha where were you ?
the only vote that should count is the popular vote , just as it is for every other office in the country , whether it is national state or local .
elizabeth warren you could not be more wrong !
not procreative animals and , equally , our women to act like women .
wow ... what a reason ... vote for hillary because she has a vagina ....
wish we had someone of your ilk in canada .
most of the people in el paso that do not have insurance qualify for medicaid or chip or do not want it .
thank you so very much for sharing this terrible news .
i adore you , but your team ... ugh .
thank you very much for remembering the importance of june 6th senator donnelly .
she fights hard for mental health too !
al quida is very happy to hear the right wing nut jobs are all for it terrorits being able to get assault weapons and high-capacity rifles at any corner gun store in many states , contrary to the final sentence in the story i link to .
thank you for your leadership on this important issue .
elizabeth warren for vice president with hillary clinton as president ! !
hillary lost because the voters believed the democrats would just go along with the wishes of their corporate sponsors .
please change your pledge to bernie sanders .
a vote for either hillary or trump is a wasted vote .
thanks debbie for truly representing the pople of michigan .
you &apos;re doing things right in minnesota .... wish wisconsin could get a clue !
the democrat party is gone for good because this election exposed all of the crookedness that the liberals and democrats do !
yeah , brian .
what would you expect from a commie like durbin who has lined his pockets for years .
mean that the power-politicos might let oregon in on &quot; the game &quot; , along with iowa and new hampshire ?
all because of one woman , hope she &apos;s worth it .
i &apos;m sure canada is interested in the safety of their medications as we are , but their prices are so much lower .
for your state of illinois and across the country .
i wrote him and chastised him pretty badly ... he &apos;s a jersey guy so i felt i could !
i do not understand why you are not supporting bernie .
you are a great inspiration to women and a great ambassador for our state .
you have received my vote , though unwillingly after your support for war in the middle east , and big buck bail outs for fat cat wall street cheats .
i am very sad you choose to not attend the inauguration .
you praise sessions just a year ago and then do an about face to blast him to divert from your selling out to your big pharma donors to defeat sanders amendment .
time to endorse bernie liz ! !
appreciate your comments , elizabeth .
boeing is going to do what makes sense for the business , and the aircraft industry has slowed considerably .
2020 i hope to see your name on the ballot for president !
and peaceful acquiescence to the scotus coup of 2001 was its ending .
lloyd , i admire you and i support women &apos;s reproductive rights but i object to efforts by you or anyone else to anathematize the word &quot; radical . &quot;
happy birthday to a woman who is trying to make it better for all of us .
if there &apos;s no virtue in silence , where was your voice when bernie needed help in massachusetts ?
senator , as long as you continue to accept big pharma money actions such as your recent vote will continue to cast doubt on any explanation you might provide .
i met with congressman jared polis about my situation and where do the state rights come into play ?
rick please fight this .
carl , welcome to the wonderful world of discussing an issue with colleen .
if snub believes trump will create jobs and secure america by building a wall and deporting immigrants he or she is daydreaming .
i voted for amy , go to her local fundraisers , put her and other democrat &apos;s signs in my yard , and will only vote for democrats .
al gore won the popular vote by a sizeable number .
fun fact the democratic party started the kkk .
i &apos;m proud to be a minnesotan again !
thank you cory for speaking out
sen. franken , you need to add a new chapter to your book , &quot; lies and the lying liars who tell them &quot; exposing the neglect of the middle class under obamacare which obama himself vehemently promised not to do .
how is it that you are a delegate for the corporate queen rather than for bernie sanders , a person of integrity ?
when are you going to stand up and be counted among those who want to change the world , and agree with bernie &apos;s ideas on how we should start ?
senator , as a supporter of yours for years , i then am confused by why you voted against the pharma bill as this would has softened the impending blow to those who will have to pay out of pocket for drugs when aca disappears .
merely use the bureau of consumer financial protection to regulate these three divisions of their banks , only .
just straight up say it : steve bannon is our president .
claire obviously have lost touch with reality .
why would you cast your super delegate vote to hillary clinton ?
we love ya , amy , keep on doin the right things for the american people
and to you , senator warren .
you are a fraud .. where is your response to the millions of your supporters .. who are devasted by this ... and i &apos;m not even one of those fans as i &apos;ve seen right through you .. the democrats keep reaffirming why the many progressives left your untrustworthy party !
you don &apos;t have to be from el paso to appreciate what you &apos;ve submitted ... good job beto !
michigan is working on laws to do that .
cory booker , i &apos;m disappointed .
your job , senator , is to represent the people of minnesota .
bernie needs to win ... he isn &apos;t dishonest ...
what happened to p.l.u.r - peace - love - unity - respect ?
he probably won the popular vote too , it &apos;s just uncertain how many rigged votes you dems put in .
ms warren you continue to give me hope for our government !
protect our earned benefits , medicare does not need to be privatized if anything it should be expanded , and keep your money grubbing hands off my ssi drumpf
i &apos;m for elizabeth but it &apos;s nothing personal .
how &apos;s things looking for tester right now ?
what is equal work ?
thankyou cory booker
warren is a hypocrite .
thank you for my daughters and me !
um .. news flash , people and businesses are leaving ct in droves .
patty murray ... are you concerned that the doj my possibly be keeping congress under surveillance ?
you didn &apos;t listen when we chose bernie , and you didn &apos;t listen when you voted yes to 5 of the 6 of trumps appointees !
bullshit get progressive or get out of the way
tulsi you are admired by many .
i disagree with the usual knee-jerk approach to make elected officials look like they &apos;re on the victims side .
( especially bernie &apos;s and warren &apos;s ! )
you were fishing for soundbites on that lgbt question to mad dog werent you ?
more deaths occur on our side by far then the f-n cops , fuck them &amp; rip to the people in jail / prison for pot .
the fda doesn &apos;t have the money and tools to accurately check dog food safety let alone our food and drugs !
i &apos;m glad you &apos;re our senator !
i agree with you claire .
you got a big wad of cash from big pharma , shame on you .
and the only thing that it accomplished was make it much less likely for any armed intruder to encounter resistance .
elizabeth warren a career politician .
the sale of heald college will ensure that students can continue their education under new ownership .
i am right there with you amy ! !
the progressive movement ( which have the power in the future ) will no longer allow people like you to vote and make decisions because you are influenced by money .
jacki , this is one of the many reasons i &apos;m glad you &apos;re my congresswoman .
boycott everything trump .
trump is disgraceful and it &apos;s scary how many people are voting for him .
elizabeth warren lied to get exemptions , and has not even completed a full term in the senate .
says the man who defrauded millions through drumpf university .
senator kirsten gillibrand ~ nicely sd , it was a &apos; call to action &apos; .
i guess those 100k out of work people should have got a real job like becoming a congressman by directly receiving campaign money in return for cutting any program that doesn &apos;t have an immediate short term benefit for wealthy corporations
you are a credit to oregon .
irony : &quot; safe &quot; drugs .
i &apos;m proud to be one of your supporters .
you are a true champion of the people , louise .
elizabeth warren , while studied hard at school reading lots of books , is like someone who struggles with checkers challenging someone who has mastered chess .
trump called her a &quot; goofus &quot; .
we are making a difference , in large part because of the support of the violence against women act .
i must say , bill clinton did a marvelous job for veterans , through jesse brown &amp; togo west .
carol , the court rested its decision entirely upon its reading of rfra , which was passed unanimously by a democratic house in 1993 , and 97-3 in a democratic senate ( senators smith and gregg of nh in the majority ) , and was signed into law by a democratic president .
thank you senator klubchar
unless of course u reverse course immediately and support anything bernie puts forth .
when you vote down bernie &apos;s bill to lower drug costs by way of canada .
we shouldn &apos;t vote hillary we have to vote bernie
sen. harris , will you vote no to sessions today ?
hahahaha hillary lost because russia hacked ... keep telling yourself that
the dnc clearly broke the rules by heavy-handedly favoring hillary over sanders while they were still competing for the nomination .
i live in maryland and i am proud to know you will be the senator from illinois .
an amazing 57 % of the people in boston have met mayor menino
gmo is stealing our health !
as the late jim jones said &quot; drink the kool-aid &quot; senator schumer
tammy , i don &apos;t live in your district , but it is an honor to have someone like you in congress !
i am sickened by the hypocrisy of your vote given messages like this , and i will be working to unseat you in 2018 .
f you chuck , you are just as big of an idiot as the f &apos;n dems ruining this country .
your state is 60 % for bernie , why ? ? ?
everyone deserves happiness and who are we to deny that .. cheers to equality and congratulations to the loving couples taking that big step to start the rest of their lives together !
there needs to be a starting place , ban all assault weapons in the us and work from there .
my dream team would be warren and sanders !
how can you watch bernie get attack like that and do nothing about it but go to hillary never warren or hillary
in other words , polls richie has special access to .
you &amp; coons voted against kate &apos;s law .
we don &apos;t need the anyone who opposes civil rights , marriage equality or roe v. wade .
thank you for this post and these healing words .
thank you congresswoman doris matsui !
confirmation hearings are important , but democrats have little chance of blocking cabinet appointees .
louise slaughter ... louise slaughter----oh yeah she used to be in congress from this area , but i think she &apos;s been gone for a while-she didn &apos;t seem to be in washington earlier this month .
happy thanksgiving to you , jon , and your family .
agree amy .
thank you congressman alcee l. hastings for your continued work on behalf of our country .
thank you maggie for keeping public education funding a priority in your campaign and watching out for our children &apos;s future in nh .
you voted against a measure that would have given us access to cheaper medications because you &apos;re in the pocket of big pharma it seems .
use it in the fight to ban these weapons and protect our police .
this is just a big payout to wall street health insurers .
without this dialog ( as well as other issues you have supported ) senator sanders would not have the grass-roots popularity that he does now .
if cory votes no to that , i promise i &apos;ll take all of this back and protest right along with you .
if they must at least get language in the paperwork that sets a time frame or when an if water supply becomes priority to the people of oregon .
al , you really should run in 2020 !
very very disappointed in e. warren , i would have expected her to be above this .
john - what voter rights are you talking about ?
we will need you now more than ever .
serve us well , earl !
destroying property , violently attacking innocent people , and shutting down free speech--that &apos;s the progressive way !
i think this has more to do with mental illness than a radicalized fanatic .
i like this comment btw ... cost of building wall roughly equal to one year &apos;s worth of therapy , hospital costs of little girls raped by illegal immigrants , &quot; read more : http : / / dailycaller.com / 2017 / 01 / 26 / ann-coulter-cost-of-the-wall-roughly-equal-to-cost-of-therapy-hospital-bills-for-girls-raped-by-illegal-immigrants / # ixzz4x7jozvkt
and put the muslim brotherhood in charge of the dnc .
the bernie sanders supporters and the blm supporters are much more violent and aggressive !
one of the few reasons sherrod brown is a senator - his net worth has increased threefold since he was elected into the senate only 5 years ago .
i agree with you mr booker .
you &apos;ve got the charisma and smarts that the dnc needs in a candidate .
love you amy klobuchar ... we need more people like you on both sides ! !
journalists will engage strictly in the professional conduct worthy of their profession and refrain from abuses of power , as well as threats , intimidation or harassment of their sources , readers and the general public .
i was on 7 drugs this past spring n summer and my monthly drug cost pre insurance was $ 47,218.98 a month .
i will never support a corporatist or a backer of $ hillary clinton .
retired women are struggling because of their low ss amounts from the way retirement funds are calculated.if you were penalized because of your gender your earnings will always lag behind that of a man &apos;s .
rick , you always do the right thing .
and ditto to marriage equality .
i like you elizabeth warren but i am offended that its all about her sex .. that is insulting ... it has to be about substance and unfortunately i dont think she is that great man or woman ! !
schumer , shut up .
i wish you a happy and successful new year !
and , yeah , i have occasionally cited mother jones , for their award-winning investigative journalism .
it simply further proves you are bought and paid for by big pharma .
how much you being paid ron wyden
congratulations jerry brown our new governor !
for instance , if any if you could explain what amy means by &apos; immigrant reform &apos; , speak up !
your corrupt party elizabeth actually helped pick our nominee and cheated your party out of the people &apos;s choice ... feeling the &apos; burn &apos; now huh
gary , u sound like a male chauvinist pig , debbie does her job , much better than those fu--ing congress repikes do ..
ban sharia in america , pass keystone = no muslim oil .
thank you anthony brown .
i am a law abiding safety conscience person and its not the guns that are killing people , it &apos;s people killing people .
based warren
trump and bannon are out of control .
still not happy about the possibility of fracking in our state .
so happy i &apos;m a democrat now .
i dont need my loans refinanced , i need to not be taxed more for now being &quot; wealthy &quot; just because i worked hard in school
i too am shocked by this 2nd loss due to the electoral college .
additionally , as a member of the house oversight committee , i am requesting a bipartisan review of president-elect trump &apos;s business dealings and holdings prior to him being sworn into office as president .
will you be repenting for acceptance of big pharma payouts in exchange for your vote against lowering prescription drug costs ?
thank you for doing such a great job representing oregon &lt; 3
you should not be the progressive standard bearer as you are partly responsible for this travesty .
derek what is critical about abortive birth control pills ?
good girl !
can &apos;t wait to hear this dynamic woman !
if bill clinton had not signed &quot; the community reinvestment act &quot; then banks would not have been forced to make loans to people with questionable credit in the name of &quot; fairness &quot; .
well said , congressman booker .
i wanted to let you know the feelings of the majority of the people here in nh .
as of now she is my preferred 2020 presidential candidate .
the moment the gop decided to block merrick garland was the moment every democrat should have decided to use whatever means they have to block a trump nominee .
a good day for people in oregon .
looking forward to seeing congresswoman matsui at tonight &apos;s sacramento asian pacific chamber of commerce &apos;s installation &amp; awards dinner !
thank you ffor a thoughtful , reasonable position on this issue .
thanks , sherrod brown ! !
please , please formally endorse bernie sanders !
another crappy piece of legislation that was written by corporations and forced through by their cronies in congress .
weak ass democrats with no spine !
i have donated , keep up the great work patty we love you !
patty murray is a smart person and works for democracy .
my meds have saved me .
i consider myself a minority and i find warren to be offensive , please tell me someone else wrote this .
the new gun law in new york state that cuomo illegally slid in is unconstitutional .
it would be nice if betty could channel some of her time / energy toward a local problem that is getting worse every year instead of a lion that was killed 1 / 2 way around the world .
nor the general that can tie trump and putin .
elisabeth run with bernie as you both could get to the white house n .
with all due respect , the only candidate who can hold their own against him is senator sanders .
what kind of democratic are you ?
thank you for speaking up congresswoman sewell from alabama .
oh , please , the problem isn &apos;t wall street or the banks , you silly woman !
dear congresswoman hanabusa , please i am respectfully asking you to co-sponsor h res 30 formerly known as h res 752. we really depend on your support to end the dog meat trade .
was this another case of knowing there was mental illness beforehand ?
al , this is funny , you work for the nj performing arts center ? ? ! !
what a democracy .
http : / / www.signon.org / sign / want-a-real-economic ? source = homepage in 2005 the republicons voted to make private student loans non-discharable in bankruptcy leading to an increase in predatory lending and the slow and steady decline of the middle class seeking the american dream .
the right wing in congress doesn &apos;t care about the integrity of our democratic system .
james , tammy ran in a gerrymandered district where anybody taking a simplistic populist approach would have won .
the state you supposedly represent went to bernie sanders by 72.7 % ! ! ! !
in fact , out of 298 organizations that received donations from trump &apos;s foundation , only seven were veterans organizations .
warren 2020 ! !
it is time for change away from the anachronism that is the electoral college and for us to go to a direct election system .
you can &apos;t fool us elizabeth warren , we all know you don &apos;t have a heart .
minnesota is proud of you ! 🏀
great job keith ellison ! !
when you order meds from canada you talk to a phony doctor on the phone who never examines you and you don &apos;t know where the meds are coming from .
to let the freedom of another combined with yours makes a stronger society .
thank you for all your hard work and determination .
can you imagine a debate between warren and trump ?
let &apos;s move into the 21st century and harness solar safely , wisely , cleanly and without destroying communities , eco-systems and resources
i often wished i could share my good grades with them .
tammy congratulations i am still around if you need me or anything don &apos;t loose my number .. carl
it guts the dodd frank bill .
joseph , i am not sure what to make of the fact that any time i discuss the issue and present cogent arguments i am suspected of working for or associated with kyrsten sinema .
how many muslim unvetted refugees has sen schumer sponsored to live in the village of kiryas joel , ny ? dr .
good , but the vikes lost , kamala
keith , help us help you take control away from the nra .
well , if you people want bernie , you got him ... in washington anyway .
rather than accusing you of pandering by challenging you to name two warrior players , i must only expose my sexism in assuming you can &apos;t ! !
he &apos;s a good choice for responding to criticisms of pallone who knows how to shovel the regressive socialist shit .
bless john lewis .
gene park - dropping the bags , going for a run , and swim in the ocean !
relax and just let democracy work !
thank you for participating in the sit in and pushing for the opportunity to vote on even the most modest measures of gun control .
this is why i love you , amy !
she has lied under oath about the emails , and , ted stevens was left out to die because of her ... beware rick larsen , you can be replaced as well ... us voters are tired of your crap promises ...
i &apos;ve watched every debate , democrat and republican , and watched as many rallies of every candidate as were televised , and trump has some personality flaws , certainly .
we have many festivals and events all summer long , amy .
it &apos;s easy , just say no to trump &apos;s appointment .
cory booker said the same thing--we &apos;re not buying it .
mr. pallone , do you all really believe the load of crap you are trying to sell us ?
and it looks like nancy pelosi is gonna be house minority leader , and they will do nothing ... except take more wall st. donations and answer only to their donors ! ! ! !
* - you and yours
true equality for all !
a peson should be able to marry anybody they want , whether it be man , woman or beast .
i am sick of politicians and big money making it legal for the rich and privileged to steal form the working middle class .
our progressive democratic electeds should be in dc , meeting , planning and taking care of preparing for what we need to turn this republican debacle around !
increasing the federal minimum wage from $ 7.25 to $ 15 an hour by 2020. in the year 2015 , no one who works 40 hours a week should be living in poverty .
you are a wonderful woman , ms. schakowsky .
chuck you take more money from those billionaires and bankers than any other democrat so your sudden concern they &apos;re in his cabinet is comical
go sen. shaheen .
u.s. senator bernie sanders / u.s.
amy klobuchar : please follow up on the president of egypt &apos;s call for a revolution , by islamists , against elements of the shariah law .
sen. claire mccaskill , please know you are in our thoughts and prayers during this time .
bless you , senator !
trump need 40 % of latino votes 90 % of latinos will not vote for trump ! !
bankruptcy 2 : trump plaza hotel , 1992 trump acquired the plaza hotel in new york for $ 390 million in 1988. by 1992 , the hotel had accumulated $ 550 million in debt .
hillary will be worse , you must vote bernie to save the country ! ! !
i wished i lived in massachusetts so i could vote for you .
you stated &quot; trump incites his supporters to violence &quot; .
i am glad you are still there , and bernie is still there , and we will just go forward , hoping that what we know is true will be manifest--god is not dead .
i &apos;m with dick noble above !
aaaand it &apos;s nothing to do with the fact that out of the 12 democrats who voted it down with you , you actually lead them all in having taken the most money from pharma ?
keep up the good work senator warren - we here in oregon support you .
we need to decouple mental illness and gun control , they are really two separate issues .
please seek to take strong action against hate and in protection of basic civil liberties such as freedom of religion .
why not something better , like bernie sanders medicare for all ?
america is a federal republic , not a representative democracy .
i just adore you , ms duckworth .
trumps is still less dangerous than hillary by far .
trump is the candidate for the people who hide behind internet anonymity and spew hate and garbage .
he &apos;s got a much better chance at beating trump than hillary does ..
your choice not to attend is selfish and counterproductive to the cause of political opposition .
geoff cook feel free to google mental illness .
she &apos;s voting to outlaw gmo labeling ... what that means is the food companies don &apos;t want you to know what they &apos;re putting in our food .
this and the dark act has motivated me to leave the democratic party and vote for jill stein !
you folks tout tolerance , a peaceful and smooth transition of power , and respect for the duly elected leaders ( only if they kowtow to the liberal drumbeat ) .
senator booker , proud of you for giving that speech today .
558 police killings this year .
to get to the health care deal , women were ultimately sold out .
2018 mn will be red .
jews , latinos and asians faced constant hate , discrimination and bigotry .
hard to call it the &quot; greatest democracy on the planet &quot; when you have a corporatist shill and a neofascist competing to become your president .
amy , the people working at the federal prisons need to be paid or congress will have to take the prisoners home with them .
the core demographics of trump supporters are mostly uneducated blue collar whites who believe that they became victims of illegal immigration , global trading etc .
amen ms maxine thanks for your hard work ! !
&#91; 3 &#93; his concept of sociologie and social evolutionism set the tone for early social theorists and anthropologists such as harriet martineau and herbert spencer , evolving into modern academic sociology presented by émile durkheim as practical and objective social research .
in 2020 ?
my prayer is that in 2020 , cory booker and michelle obama , run as president and vice president .
thank you tulsi for your compassion and service !
thank you , rick nolan .
you and your lovely wife are amazing and i am so overwhelmingly proud that you represent ohio .
god bless you , senator amy klobuchar : )
some people are in &apos; it &apos; just for the money and these poor slobs may be rich but scrooge poor in spirit and i am grateful that we can use democracy to allow humanity a voice in laws &amp; economic regulations
thank you tim kaine for keeping all your campaign promises , i &apos;ll remember your name in six years at the voting booth ! !
less inspirational quotes more action .
they act like 13 year olds ... bullies and we democrats are too compassionate and intelligent to respond in the same way .
the news reported today that minnesota has the highest has prices in the country today .
message to elizabeth warren - donald is not going to win at all .
thank you for all that you do , sen. al .
but now rex tillerson is our secretary of state , and as of today , there &apos;s information circulating that donald trump will attempt to remove all sanctions against russia in the coming days or weeks .
keep fighting , elizabeth .
stfu elizabeth
$ 267k to help too big pharma gouge the nation ?
trump is out of control and a threat to the entire country , democracy and every single individual as well .
without medicare and social security , which i worked a lifetime for and paid for , my death warrant was signed last night .
for the reasons stated above , i am urging you to step up and join the bipartisan effort to end a small , yet brutal business of kill-buyers , buying up our equines , and feeding the intensely cruel slaughter pipeline .
how about we work on the mental health system which has been annihilated by government ?
i don &apos;t like trump , but i think people like elizabeth warren are are scared that the gravy train that the 2 parties have agreed on that has drained this country &apos;s middle class is in danger of being spoiled .
unrealistic , you again like most progressives fail to give recognition to the threat from islam .
thank you senator for your stand of sen. sessions .
congresswoman stephanie murphy , thank you for standing against the repealing of the affordable health care act .
thank you for posting some good news .
stay with the message peter .
a real problem solver this booker is , just ask the people of newark , nj , still a city riddled with poverty and crime .
if elizabeth warren had run for president , hillary would have conceded by now , and no one would care what trump was doing because he &apos;d clearly have no chance of winning .
we know you &apos;ll do well patty !
the right wing is still stirring up racial animosity ( see limbaugh , beck , others ) in the service of destroying the middle class .
your statement falls flat , congresswoman - again
you chose bowing to the oligarchy over everything you stand for , which is in complete and total agreement with bernie &apos;s convictions , campaign and platform .
they also said he is the only president-elect to have ever accomplished so many things prior to his inauguration .
i can &apos;t wait for tammy to redecorate the dc office .
please also be vigilant about the power and access granted to steve bannon .
explain yourself , because it looks bad : why did you vote to support the big pharma bill ?
internet piracy is not piracy ..... how dare you say that someone who illegally downloads deserves to be punished .... keep the state away from the internet ! ! !
you &apos;re a magnificent woman .
carol we need you back in washington to give the people of nh the right voice .
holiday thanks for all you do , al , and to frannie for always being there for you !
don &apos;t discriminate amy , violence against men and children is wrong too .
so what do you propose as the alternative revenue stream , amy ?
saying trump is against all those denominations is like advertising hillary is against white people ... it &apos;s just not true and slanderous .
i &apos;d like to see the electoral college abolished .
no more cowardly than a vote against allowing americans to purchase their pharmaceuticals from canada .
senators like cory booker and maria cantwell and patty murray sided with the gop .
the trump campaign was in contact with putin during the election , hence this was a coordinated effort between trump and putin .
it &apos;s going to leak crude oil into our drinking water for fuck sake !
you are very genuine and your commitment to hillary and the campaign is very much appreciated .
your influence on this outrageous change of humanity would be important to all horse and animal lovers .
my sincere gratitude for all your efforts .
heard that senator kaine .
thank you : d
thank you for this information amy klobuchar
sorry for your loss debbie .
i haven &apos;t refilled my blood pressure ( 3 ) , thyroid , depression meds yet this month so i don &apos;t know how much those costs have gone up .
thank you , patty murray , for serving us on the front lines !
it &apos;s hard for me to believe that your colleagues accidentally drafted a plan that did not include measures to ensure safe importation of pharmaceuticals , because this isn &apos;t high school student council and they &apos;re not teenagers pretending to be legislators .
i appreciate your defining women for who we are and not based on our familial relationship with a man .
i also see your argument that both parties are corrupt , as the way the media influenced the outcome , because it normalized trump &apos;s behavior .
thank you patty murry !
here are the results : ............................... rtw union unemployment rate 6.91 7.61 average state ranking 22.35 28.36 so much for the right-to-work states having a higher unemployment rate .
she should act her age , not her shoe size .
america needs you in that senate seat , ms. warren !
look here at keith hughes &apos; brilliant video : https : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = _ dsn0uunlow
like mandatory stiff sentences without plea bargains for those convicted of violent criminal acts and revamping the mental health system .
dear senator schumer , i know you and your staff are busy people , ( i am one of your constituents and am proud to say i cast my vote for you on tuesday ) so i will get straight to the point .
bernie and his supporters on the other hand are going to continue to hurt hillary and her chances .
thank you for your service patty , you would make our prior senators that represented our state proud .
i don &apos;t think john lewis thinks as much of you now either .
love you , mr booker but i &apos;m never voting again
tell me al franken how i can afford to take proper care of myself medically ?
i like you rick and support you .
jobs &amp; a better way of life for our illinois families .
this is what happens when you let the wackadoo gun lobby influence political direction .
the democrats had a viable candidate and you chose the one who felt most entitled to it , not the one who actually deserved it .
we are so thankful for you , chellie !
pull up our pants and etc to work to preserve our democracy .
please run in four years .
if you have any questions : state board of elections 1100 bank street richmond , virginia 23219 ( 804 ) 864-8902 ( 800 ) 552-9745 email : info @ sbe.virginia.gov if you need to contact your registrar &apos;s office , this link will provide you the phone # for your particular county .
remember , everything you have seen , everything you will see on corporate t. v. &quot; news &quot; with regard to &quot; hillary vs drumpf &quot; until november , is on purpose and staged .
how do we stop this earl blumenauer ?
funny how in 2015 you agreed with vetting refugees .
love our president and amy , too .
thank you beto .
why did you take donations from drug companies ?
the mn senate will vote for the bill on monday .
i &apos;d rather see you exibit class and be at the inauguration but whatever ...
my mother is 73 and the world she grew up in is very different than the world my sisters live in .
didn &apos;t the kkk grand dragon endorse hillary and she even has spoken highly of robert byrd ( former kkk leader ) i am no fan of trump but if we don &apos;t get all of our facts together then we may be not taken seriously # feelthebern
so a belated happy birthday ! .
very well said sen. murray .
stephen - my thoughts and prayers are with you and your family during this difficult time .
i love reading al the butt hurt by all the old white baggers , lol !
cory booker , your argument doesn &apos;t float .
walsh carried the team in points for 59 : 37 and the &quot; team &quot; could not even score when they were within less than 10 yards .
ct already had an assault weapon ban .
tim walz was my rep when i lived in so mn and i still consider him to me &quot; mine &quot; since i own some land there .
cory , you can bare your arms any time you want .
thank you- proud to have voted for you !
dear senator schumer : congratulations on your re-election .
earnings in 2011 , among full-time wage and salary workers , union members had median usual weekly earnings of $ 938 , while those who were not union members had median weekly earnings of $ 729 .
c &apos;mon liz , endorse # feelthebern or forever lose credibility .
in america more folk bought guns , gun deaths increased .. lesson ?
i would love a sanders / warren 2016
you are next on the list to lose their jobs amy !
preach it , elizabeth ! ! !
kyrsten we the people want you and president obama to win
she even has the nerve to cite the kkk ( membership is now under 8,000 worldwide ) an invention of the democratic party ( along with the confederacy , segregation , and jim crow . )
and i am desperately hoping for change .
i &apos;ve seen you argue against the banks , sen. warren .
there you go again debbie with the &quot; war on women &quot; you liberals do a good job of creating an imaginary problems .
but bernie sanders will destroy trump in an election .
he was one of the first people i met when i moved to austin in 1969 .
democrats need to act like war has been declared on them ... like their life depends on it as does everyone who doesn &apos;t identify as a right wing nut job .
they were so clever to seperate the snap program from the farm subsidies .
get over it , chuck .
you can marry who you want but you cant plant a plant you find benifit in .
senator kennedy will be missed greatly .
punch &apos; em in the balls liz
as a woman i demand equal treatment .
many of these agents are not new discoveries with great therapeutic leaps forward but rather are former generic products that have been around for years whose prices have risen literally 500 or 1000 percent or even more .
while women are direct receivers of abuse , their children are also traumatized from witnessing this , and may eventually , or currently , be physically abused .
keep up it all ❤ ️
maybe you need to go work for a company that &apos;s not run by narcissist male chauvinist pig !
one of the reasons that i am reluctant to post my own support of hrc is because of what i see in this thread , and have seen elsewhere .
un led operation iraqi freedom began march 20 , 2003. that &apos;s only 8 years .
monday , december 29th , 2014 dear rep. bill pascrell for congress : i appeal to your sense of fair-play in politics .
thanks sen for all your hard work ... this is appalling banks get lower rates than students ?
why talk about popular vote , we elect based on electoral votes .
was that their teappartyrepubliscription for the night before taking their &quot; anti &quot; depression drugs before bed ?
sorry i don &apos;t feel your joy on this .
al the idiot ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
thank you for your compassion towards all people and animals and for being a great vegan role model 🐷
thank you ms gabbard !
i think bernie did a really good job considering all democratic politicians here - except for senator warren - endorsed hillary - i understand why you have to do this
thanks mr. peter welch .
keep drumpf from winning .
let &apos;s let the kids make a living wage - i fail to see how payig one union worker $ 70.00 / hour when 5 others @ $ 14.00 / hour .
i voted for you , amy !
well , elizabeth - if you would endorse bernie sanders then maybe we wouldn &apos;t have to choose between the two most hated people in america for our next president .
keep america safe .... shummer with his fake tears ..... ughhh &#91; &#91; sticker &#93; &#93;
patricia moschella brady this is elizabeth warren .
i &apos;m happy to hear that way to go minnesota for not losing your way !
please keep fighting the good fight on the side of the angels , and we &apos;ll support you for senator , vp , governor , potus , and even continuing to be our representative .
ms. waters , i &apos;m a victim of injustice by la county prosecutors .
please keep fighting for seniors , the poor , the mentally ill , children , and all other vulnerable groups .
there are so many kids in oregon living on the streets .
i hope one day i can say elizabeth warren was my favourite president .
thank you , senator brown
i cannot believe after just watching 2 ( 10-10-12 ) news and all u can say about trump putting clinton in prison was &quot; that is not oregon - we keep it weird &quot; boy is oregon weird and not in a good way 😳 .
you people need to come to grips with the facts : trump is your president-elect !
this is a promising start , kirsten gillibrand , but we as your constituents ask that you please denounce this appointment in a stronger way .
it also proves just what type of person trump is .
do you think they have one conveyor belt for canadian drugs and one &quot; safer &quot; conveyor belt for american drugs .
tell us you will no longer accept pharma money , we will support you .
good job , peter .
brett if you want to pull numbers out of your ass and pass them off as legitimate , how about you shit out some winning lottery numbers and make yourself useful ?
frank there is more stealing from the people ! ! ! ! !
you &apos;d rather them bring the violence here ?
count me in the fight , too , liz .
it is hard to do in the face of hate , but in every hateful person is a soul looking for rescue .
most excellent senator booker !
shhheeiiiitttt ..... obama is trying to make minimum wage 9 $ an hour .
if you stay true to progressive causes you would be more than able to make up for that ( relatively paltry ) 300k with grassroots donations b ) it &apos;s drugs from canada ( ! )
sanders helped give the democrats the senate majority .
thanks for voting against decreasing drug prices # greed .
thank you for your service tammy ! !
we respect your thoughtful judgment on this , louise slaughter !
thank you for standing up to trump , senator kristen gillibrand !
i have seen how you have been responding to your constituents &apos; requests that you support the will of the people and use your superdelegate vote to support bernie sanders .
the net result is that law-abiding citizens become more vulnerable when they are disarmed and criminals disobey gun control laws , as they disobey other laws .
equality regardless of gender , race , sexual orientation etc , leaving health decisions to the women affected , civil rights , believes in public lands for the public , well-versed in native rights , and believed in separation of government from religion .
oh kristopher , you can play victim and protest it didn &apos;t go your way , go to stacy &apos;s house , eat food share , and study politics
elizabeth warren in 2020 ! ! !
mr. cory booker , just keep in mind that while you enjoy a high salary and golden benefits package including health insurance and prescription coverage that only the 1 % ers can afford and paid for by american taxpayers , the people of america suffer because of your no vote .
i &apos;d rather save the honor for someone like you to be the first female president .
hmmm i love rocky road myself ~ or mint chip ~
you are a woman with a fantastic head on her shoulders .
i used to love living in oregon but lately i am continuously disappointed by the awful decisions being made that will ultimately lessen the quality of many lives .
thank you , senator , for helping save children &apos;s lives and urging your fellow senators to pass 21st century cures act now , before congress recesses .
elizabeth warren ... you need to endorse bernie sanders .
the dnc needs to learn sanders is what we want , you &apos;ve cheated us once we won &apos;t forget .
help the neighbors in the region and syria &apos;s allies to solve this problem .
it must be so difficult for police to determine who has or not have guns when just doing their job
the origins of the catered sit-in go back to june of 2016 when members of congress held a sit-in to oppose gun violence .
i will not be watching the inauguration .
which means that perhaps federally issued ids like military ids might not be valid because they are not issued by the state of mn .
it is encourage to see a politician that trusts women can make their own best decisions .
you normalizing jeff sessions .
dionne wrote trump is &quot; channeling the european far right , mixing intolerance , resentment and nationalism . &quot;
thank you betty for fighting for me .
shame on you for not attending the inauguration .
richard - yeah , it &apos;s pretty much a requirement that members of congress have a lot of personal wealth these days , thanks in no small part to buckley v. valeo and made worse by the citizens united decision .
since the state grants your rights they can also be taken away by the state , kill you when they deem you useless .
congrats , and thank you for all of your service and sacrifice .
i will never ever support hillary ( your puppet ) in the general election .
thanks for your support , betty !
thank u amy for doing something bold and making a sacrifice .
brave woman as always -- as josh lyman would say , &quot; you &apos;re the real deal , senator . &quot;
canadian drugs are manufactured in the same facilities and exactly the same as american drugs
elizabeth warren .and your dumb ass will vote for hilary ... -she &apos;s awful .
... and that is why you are a great senator , mr. franken .
what about &quot; ladders &quot; for people that are brown , red , yellow and yes , even pink ?
there was no doubt kamala !
always loved cory booker !
hey chuck , did you cry when obama banned iraqi refugees for 6 months because they found terrorists among the refugees , back in 2011 ?
nra is powerful .
blind support to the right-wing netanyahu likud government will only hinder the peace process .
i have one medication that retails fo $ 425 for 90 day , my co-pay is 129 ! ! ! ? ?
we need more governors like cuomo
awesome job amy !
happy thanksgiving to you , too : )
disappointed in your backing of hillary elizabeth should have been bernie 😎 👌
hillary is too dirty .
hmmmm , looking back on majority of the mass shootings , one certain aspect keeps raising its head , mental health issues .
today he voted against sanders bill to allow us to buy drugs from canada .
i guess standing up to the pharmaceutical industry and lowering prescription drug costs doesn &apos;t fall into that category , huh ? ?
thank you sen. blumenthal for the lack of a surprise .
how bout you who talks about the cost of education yet gets paid a disgusting amount of money for teaching one class !
back bernie sanders !
hillary didn &apos;t , trump did .
hillary is being fitted for an orange jump suit .
the same court that sealed and suppressed the evidence of the crimes done to me by rupert murdoch also denied me the compensation specified by the occ .
# sanders2016 # feelthebern
will you be just as saddened when your policies bring the frequency of european terrorist violence here ?
i am proud that both ny senators voted &quot; yes &quot; .
sen durbin , i agree sandy hook was terrible but lets not blame the gun blame the operator .
you &apos;re a disgusting person for voting to block syrian refugees .
patty you are an idiot .
what we learned in women &apos;s studies class is that women are less aggressive when it comes to negotiating pay .
i hope you are right elizabeth warren , it &apos;s honestly hard to believe that he would try to do that
stay brave debbie
you rocked it , senator franken !
is dt still saying the system is rigged ?
but have you thought that if john carey goes into the cabinet you and scott brown might end up serving together ?
this idea of the legislature — the people &apos;s representatives — as the lawmaking body represents centuries of human progress and legal history that forms the foundational base of our republic .
to bad you aren &apos;t man enough to stand up for all oregon people not just the democrats .
congratulations katherine clark !
short version : karma &apos;s a bitch ( and it could be a bachmann )
we all miss her concern for her constituents .
in fact i am more concerned on drugs made in the us
who said anything about hatred i love my dog .
same sex marriage has zero affect on your life .
how many more killings by white american males
when the worst is over , you will lead us through ... &apos; hindsight &apos; is 2020
if you are in favor of woman &apos;s health , how can you condone the harming of women and children by the exposure of them to growler noise ?
downtown tacoma is undergoing some cool changes - the guy i contract for jased the fouse square .
how about a bill that allows gay and lesbian parents to adopt anywhere in the united states .
you are completely delusional patty and you are getting primaried .
you rocked thanks for the ny memories .
congrats to hillary clinton , her speech was very effective , and inspired us all to help put her in the white house 2016. please sign up and help work the phone lines !
we &apos;ve suffered enough because of banks bad behavior , and bailouts just encourage more bad behavior .
great post ms warren .
patty murray , thank you !
please vote against the dark act and instead , support sen merkley &apos;s bill to label gmos .
keith ellison is a terrorist .
we need to fund mental health services and not the war machine .
tell her about same-sex couples you know and why they want to be married .
best wishes for 2015 !
zoe , you have been progressive and have stood for reason and for people for a long time .
and a child will lead us today , all kind , caring , hard-working adults must speak out .
this is basic knowledge , amy !
me and the other 10 members of my family all voted for sherrod today !
even their women exchanged natural sexual relations for unnatural ones .
when abortion care is unaffordable , low-income women , women of color , and younger women disproportionately bear the cost .
https : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = -dpk5z7gifs senator murray the next step is to have non-violent communication practiced in all public schools !
you can do it , kamala !
as a tea party member i would like to thank you from the bottom of my heart for demonstrating to the country the hateful vitriol of the far left .
but keep thinking corporations have your best interest at heart .
probably shouldn &apos;t have supported a war mongering , wall street backed , rape apologist that is hillary clinton .
thank you and senator murphy for your dedication to gun reform ...
i just sent to mr. brown : dear governor mr. brown , i brought my family to your office on may 27 , 2011. your secretary set an appointment on 30 days for our home unlawful locked and we had nowhere to go situation .
too bad you couldn &apos;t convince my traitorous senator warner to do the same .
as always , cory booker has shared with all of us many things to reflect upon .
you are a huge disappointment to the millions of bernie sanders voters .
an awful lot of people with mental illness wind up in prisons , where treatment is mostly poor or nonexistent .
additionally , the bill as written does not list any provisions that could truly stop online piracy of copyright materials such as music and movies .
look at the statistics on cities that have the strictest gun laws .
vote yes , kyrsten .
you are a wonderful and honorable person , derek .
seguin tx sunny 39 degrees
my sincere condolences , compassionate congressman hastings .
the bridge over the st. croix has been discussed for over 15 years .
thanks brian for being brave for all of us !
congresswoman barbara lee , thank you , i stand beside you in boycotting the inauguration and join you in preparing for resistance !
fun fact : my female girlfriend made more than me for several years working at the same job .
if any other person besides trump ran against hillary she would have been annihilated !
i guess if you really wanted to help you would have backed bernie months ago .
please vote for bernie at the convention !
more gun control is not the answer senator ron wyden .
congratulation , tammy !
happy thanksgiving to you for tomorrow .
all lives matter , blue lives matter , too ! &quot;
remember his egotistical comments about hilary taking longer in the restroom .
holy crap the kochroach trump trolls are coming out of their slimy caves .
we should be investing in renewable energy , not dirty fossil fuels like fracking that threaten our air , water and communities
that &apos;s cute.why do we need donations.the great state of michigan should be rolling out the red carpet for flint.after all they fucked it up to begin with .
who are those trying to take away women &apos;s rights ?
perhaps , amy , you should try listening to your constituents ( like me ) and actually read the constitution .
more police officers placing their lives at risks to handle what civil disobedience that the other democratic candidates have incited on the american public at 15 dollars an hr .
and yet flint had no clean water ..
condolences to senator udall .
thank you for sharing this amy klobuchar .
thank you senator richard blumenthal .
he &apos;s pulling trump &apos;s strings .
dear elizabeth ... support clinton and you will have trump for 8 years .
at a time of decisive rhetoric and post-election shock ... your words inspire and give hope .
congratulations n aloha from hawaii !
donald trump is number one
people like you keep the black community in perpetual poverty .
preach on mark warner .
keep fighting for us louise .
proud to be an oregonian today .
as important as hockey is to mn , your work , especially now is so much more .
you still poor like hillary liz ?
trump is not in that camp .
a minnesotan proud to have your representation .
thank you for all the good work you do for us , and thank you in particular for your support of jdrf .
we need more of you elizabeth warren .
go patty , go patty , go patty please beat rossi
thank you mr booker for sharing the plight of my people !
liz you scare me more than hillary
keep up the good work amy , it is appreciated
aw charles , chuck , an ar15 is not an assault weapon .
tpp and xcel pipeline .
healthy living from the beginning of life can help preclude the need for drug company profits .
3 ) &quot; as if &quot; a large percentage of americans don &apos;t already get their prescriptions filled by a canadian pharmacy and shipped .
unemployment is an important safety net .
congressman pascrell , why is new jersey dead last in federal funding ? ? ?
i &apos;ve never been more proud to call you my representative .
it is obvious to everyone but the dnc that hill is not trusted nor well liked by the american public at large .
senator booker , i am wearing my &quot; safety pin &quot; as a sign to my students at camden county college that i will stand with them against those who would bully them .
the police have their military backup - what to do the mothers of all these shootings have ?
everything senator richard blumenthal says is fakakta .
booker you &apos;re blowing your 2020 chances .
no , i am not voting for art robinson or monica wehby either but i will not vote for mr. defazio or mr. merkley .
god bless you senator booker .
and he has been a friend and supporter of hillary &apos;s for many years .
you doomed massachusetts to clinton by never giving word to your progressive elder , senator bernard sanders , so he lost the ma vote by 1 % early in the primary process , screwing the media momentum and nonsense electability &quot; argument &quot; .
4- prohibit tracking and horizontal drilling near lakes and aquifers .. 5- fight the improper use and run-offs from chemicals and chemical fertilizers in the entire great lakes watershed .
is not trump &apos;s son in law and part of the transition team not jewish ?
bullshit lying booker .
al kinds of federal employees and families will suffer .
much aloha for your stand for integrity ! !
thank you for your commitment and your efforts .
senator booker , i have watched you and read your posts and have been impressed by your positive grace and dignity .
we need action , not just posting quotes from intelligentsia on facebook .
obstruct obstruct obstruct and get him out of there as quickly as possible
go shake a cup at jamie dimon .
and you are a leader in so many other fields , too-- like health care and the need to rein in ig corporate money in politics !
it is comforting to be represented by you in these terrifying times .
having escaped the nazi holocaust , i am appalled that our fellow citizens have been taken in by this hitlerian fear mongering con .
happy birthday from rocky tammy and richard clinton : ) ! !
i think that &apos;s one of the reasons why hillary lost .
thank you so much for this , my heart is broken .
thank you congressman ellison for always standing up for what is right !
the new campaign-trail martyr is clayton lockett , an african-american who kidnapped four people , including a 18 year-old woman whom he raped and then killed after she watched her grave being dug for 20 minutes .
minnesota cant afford it any longer .
treating donald trump as the new normal is a very very dangerous game .
i see you have plenty of input as to the need for planned parenthood--but i would also like to include women veterans and women in general who beyond reproductive health need screenings for breast cancer and cervical cancers .
sherrod brown your a moron
jordy cooper
in another , the 20 minnesota cities having more than 25,000 registered voters in the 8 counties with more than 75,000 registered voters were required to be part of the electronic system .
trump is a con man , a &apos; great &apos; con man .
give &apos; em hell chuck !
i don &apos;t want to debate homophobic , racist , xenophobe , sexist , intellectually challenged trump supporters anymore .
an experienced friend of wall st in the role of ny state senator .
looting rioting robbing and burning is so weak solves nothing
how will you help rebuild america &apos;s crumbling bridges , roads , water systems and outdated electrical grid ?
debbie debbie debbie shame on you
if you don &apos;t want to join a union , work for a company without one ; don &apos;t try to eliminate the unions of those companies , municipalities and other employers , who earned those unions by their unfair and unsafe business practices .
love you elizabeth warren .... will you be my president ?
so do your f-ing job rick .
shame on you .... you &apos;ll never get my support again loser booker
the problem was activating a prescription that expired , the prescription sat on a dr &apos;s screen .
god bless you lloyd doggett .
he should be ashamed of himself and the good people of new jersey need to vote this lame excuse of a human being out of office next election .
dear elizabeth warren , is there any chance we can lobby the electoral college to vote for a person actually qualified to be president ?
trump has crossed the line .
thank you for all your dedicated work ! !
we &apos;ll miss you , and thank you for your great service to michigan and the nation .
elizabeth warren is a leftist .
red sox nation nh right with you goveenor !
in just 24 hours , wyden and five of those democratic holdouts – michael bennet of colorado , dianne feinstein of california , claire mccaskill of missouri , patty murray of washington , and bill nelson of florida – caved and voted for fast-track .
what kind of penalty would have prevented bp from acting so recklessly so we can prevent other companies from doing this in the future ?
get on board with bernie now .
there she goes again with that bag of rocks brain thing lol trump 2016 , say goodbye to all the coruptness and to all that promise to leave when he is elected .
chuck , are you listening ?
sherrod brown has been in office for 10 years and has done everthing he can to help to destroy the country and state of ohio
sincerely , deb tidwell
thank you and i appreciate you making oregon your priority .
&quot; debbie wasserman schultz was the co-chair of hillary &apos;s 2008 presidential run , where she lost the nomination to obama .
please don &apos;t get cancer in canada , you &apos;ll die waiting for your treatment .
... thank-you for sharing elizabeth warren ...
so proud that you represent my part of riverside county !
# feelthebern # bernthehill # downwiththedebs
you are a disgrace with the american people who desperately need medication .
hillary is the status quo candidate of wall street , monsanto , and other big corp oligarchy interest .
we are counting on you to advocate for gun control , senator .
it would be good to do more al franken .
a bushmaster a sig and a glock were used .... regulate and ban large capacity magazines .... no more than 10 rounds ....
ahok and donald trump ( the two dimension of the same democracy system ) both is an entrepreneur turn to a politician .
hillary will be an awesome president .
of education is making a profit on the loans they are extending to our college students .
too many people are suffering while the drug overlords make billions .
you make me proud i voted for you .
as one of many brits ( and ex-military as well ) watching the us presidential process with a mixture of bemusement and horror , i couldn &apos;t agree more with your sentiments , tammy .
sorry , cory , we are not buying this cover story .
so endorse hillary and stan up for unity on the democratic side
2 ) restoration of the rights of the people ; false representation of the peo = ple by the district attorney . = c2 = a0 = 20 everyday members of the public-- including -- the people who attend court a = re being denied the rights of the people .
hey frank , it called all the 99&apos;ers are out of unemployment and no longer being counted .
it &apos;s not about eating dogs , it &apos;s about the torture they indure .
this is indicative of the fact that many politicians in the democratic party have shifted far to the right to the point where they cater to corporate greed , which is why the party has lost support of rural working class voters .
ron , i shared my story with you a long time back and your office was very helpful , considering there was nothing available by law for you to do to help .
# feelthebern # fuckthebribes
good luck and don &apos;t forget that illinois has a large track of land that is not chicago .
you know the arrogance of hrc led to this result .
well , the famously efficient ny state legislature has decided that gays ought to remain without the same rights and benefits that str8 people enjoy .
calling the other party racists , stay classy louise
endorse bernie sanders ... please : - )
thank you for visiting michigan !
we can and will speak for ourselves when we remove bonamici from her seat next year and replace her with someone who cares about oregon and isn &apos;t a wasteful spender of our hard-earned money .
when are you going to show your support for s.1629 agent orange equity act of 2011. i realize you no longer live in minnesota , but your aids indicated you might support the bill .
vice president bannon is the new dick cheney , but far worse .
besides , not everyone will believe what you believe , so build a bridge and get over it ! ..... greetings from ohio , mr. ellison .
mr. brown , i am so let down by you .
we need you to stand behind bernie sanders .
oh yeah , he &apos;s trying to protect the right to kill a defenseless baby for a female who couldn &apos;t keep her knees together ... ( chirp-chirp ... chirp-chirp ) .
please focus on the positive and endorse bernie sanders # afuturetobelievein
please consider running for president in 2020. i thank god you are our senator and that we have a governor who will also fight for american values .
hopefully joe will shut up for a moment and let kamala talk .
i hope she has officials attending and auditing the counts !
excellent sir , thank you for serving us here in nj and you are our future !
# trumptrain is rolling full speed ahead and you &apos;re laying on the tracks warren !
these moves may be a sign that the democratic party is finally becoming the voice of liberal progressives !
we need to address mental health issue !
please count me as one of the &quot; general public &quot; anxiously waiting and hoping that this health reform passes ! ! ! !
senator warner , you are the first politician i ever voted for- i was 18 in 2006 , when you ran for governor .
we need you to endorse bernie sanders , senator warren .
then why do you still support hillary clinton , and not someone who &apos;s life is about all of us taking care of each other , like bernie sanders ? !
brown , can you help me .
elizabeth warren is a dumb ass c * ^ t .
god bless you tammy , and thank you for your service .
however , this puzzles me , so i hope there is a reasonable explanation and that you &apos;re not in bed with big pharma .
ms warren i wish you had run ... you truly stand up for us .. the regular people .
trump supporters are like his hoes and he is there pimp daddy .
from what i hear from able sources , the fuel received in this area comes from canada .
thank you for all your work , senator !
i am confident of trumps slaughter .
will continue to pray for john , debbie and family who have given so much to the american people
you betrayed us all with your vote against lower prices on meds from canada .
stop being a fake cry baby .
where was the dnc during the midterms ?
anyway , sherrod brown , is it true that you voted to cut the pensions of active / retired military veterans ?
thank you for being a sane politician in this challenging time .
thank you for all that you do , amy .
thank you kamala for your courageous leadership !
i &apos;m seeing a lot of women on this post who support trump .
scary thing is , trump can beat clinton .
if you &apos;re truly undecided between hillary and bernie , then you &apos;ve drastically changed my opinion and understanding of what you stand for .
perhaps the best way to prevent what you fear is to join forces with bernie sanders .
saving many women &apos;s lives
we love you , senator ! !
there will be exponentially more deaths from pregnancy complications , unsafe abortions and child abuse and neglect .
over reaction .
take , for example , the following paragraph : &quot; he incites supporters to violence , praises putin , and , according to a columnist who recently interviewed him , is &quot; cool with being called an authoritarian &quot; and doesn &apos;t mind associations with history &apos;s worst dictators . &quot;
suppport medical cannabis
@ @ @ mr pallone wishes for you to read this book .
trumps actions are despicable in themselves ; but i fear that they are a smokescreen for something much more sinister .
there goes amy blowing smoke up everyone &apos;s ass !
guys like pallone and the mostly democratic state legislature are the very obsticals we in new jersey as well as the rest of the country face ... change ?
condolences , what a great lady
watching the inauguration and i see you giving a speech .
why did you vote down senator sanders amendment , if you care so deeply about us americans and what we pay for health coverage !
earl , thanks for being a sane person in a failed law making body !
thank you congresswoman adams , continue to fight for the people .
please explain why you did not speak up at a time when you could help to protect the integrity of our democracy .
i also am opposed to bannon &apos;s appointment .
come on amy supporters ... let &apos;s hear you bleet your support for insanely stupid pandering idea .
yes , and you jumped on big pharma &apos;s protection bill .
keep fighting al
thank you for your work , senator schatz .
but you took $ 385,00 from big pharma since 2011 !
democrats need to be smarter and faster and more cunning than the headline writers .
voters turned out in his favor more so in response to the democratic state senators who left the state than as a confirmation to the work he was doing .
thank you too , al , for representing the issue in an honest way and bringing it forward !
frannie , i met you @ brian barnes &apos; dfl nomination speech and you really are as nice as everyone says !
doing good amy .
i can &apos;t except trump until i see some progress .
as a us citizen forced into the shadows because of who i married , i thank you for this message .
mutual respect , mutual protections .
mr. wyden , explain to us oregonians , why was mental health taken out of multnomah county years ago ? ?
and the over quarter million you have accepted from big pharm in your recent past has nothing to do with your vote .
you assholes and trump killed it !
i wish i could help too but i &apos;m always keeping my fingers crossed for you and family .
it &apos;s not always gender or race .
nra nra nra nra nra nra nra nra nra nra nra ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i am looking towards you , elizabeth , for leadership and helping us through this nightmare .
so sorry to hear this , and am wishing the best for your daughter .
and i want food to be natural and organic and grown in such a way that it is healthy and good for the environment .
only bernie can turn his followers around if he doesn &apos;t make it , they are getting as vitriolic as trump supporters and the dems will need them to beat trump .
i admire you for your decency and willingness to work with our new president , but trump has given us no reason to trust that he will do well by the american people .
go get um , senator warren !
the us should look at the german model and recommit to unions and strong workers rights
thank you for joining this fight !
and by the way elizabeth - john mccain is pure evil .
tpp has opponents from across the ideological spectrum .
as a constituent in your district , i am grateful that you are speaking out against bannon !
the democrats need to nominate a white male to run for president .
bernie sanders / tulsi gabbard ticket !
as other commenters have noted , canada isn &apos;t exactly known for its abundance of tainted drugs .
thank you for your continued service ! ! !
if you &quot; strongly support allowing patients to re-import lower cost prescription drugs from canada &quot; , why the h * ll did you both vote &apos; nay &apos; on bernie &apos;s amendment ?
you have the obligation and responsibility to do more than &quot; mourn and pray &quot; for those who were murdered by another senseless act of violence and express regret to the loved ones left behind in utter despair .
the state of michigan sat on a wall , the state of michigan had a great fall , all the king &apos;s horses ( gm , ford and chrysler ) and all the king &apos;s men ( dingell , levin and conyers ) couldn &apos;t put michigan back together again .
by the way your record on abortion for a catholic is terrible , you should be ashamed .
your heart is in the right place amy , and i thank you for that .
amy im still under employed since 2011 .. i work 2 part time .
keep up the awesome work and know that we love you here in san diego .
thanks for helping the president , elizabeth , and thanks massachusetts for being a smart state ( i live in south carolina - ugh . )
also , i recognize that you do not yet want to come out and endorse either of the democratic candidates for president .
tonight you maintained your dignity but didn &apos;t let joe walsh off the hook with his hogwash .
people are literally dying to get life saving meds and you don &apos;t know if they &apos;re safe enough yet to meet the absurdly difficult and slow going fda standards ?
jeremy - bastiat doesn &apos;t approach krugman &apos;s understanding of economics .
recall wyden !
i am with you patty murray .
elizabeth warren , you have just become my favorite senator .
elizabeth , you are spreading fear , in the opposite direction .
thank you senator cortez masto
you &apos;re a fine , admirable man , earl .
if choice comes down to trump and the criminal hillary i &apos;ll take trump .
# feelthebern , liz !
i &apos;m proud you are my representative in congress .
thank you senator warren , i admire you , the only thing that i can &apos;t forget is that you endorse hillary clinton too fast and did not show your support for bernie sanders sooner
nice post chris van hollen ; thank you .
obstructionists in wa need to stop pitching a fit over extending max and get building !
i would like to know where you stand on fracking debbie .
amy when did you become the victim ?
consider jill stein ...
love you senator warren
thank you , congressman pallone
if you endorse hilary then you are discedited as a true progressive and i suspect that &apos;s why you haven &apos;t endorsed a candidate yet
my advice to college kids today go to community college , pay as much as you can as you go .
racist bigot trolls be damned .
the liberal left , which includes you ms. warren , are supposed to be &quot; tolerant &quot; of many things - including the first amendment - yet it is your ilk that runs off conservative speakers from college campuses and attempts to shut down political rally &apos;s where an opinion different than yours is expressed .
to redeem yourself , you need to stop taking contributions from the drug lords ( ahem , big pharma ) and / or help sponsor legislation to get our drug prices under control .
i call it super pac comedy tuesday-actually it is real sad and dangerous what is happening .
are assault rifles already banned in connecticut ?
the dropout rate in el paso is unacceptable ! !
amy would maybe listen to you , but the entertainment industry paid her $ 32,200 not too .
it &apos;s the democratic candidate who has the working class friends and our best interests .
thank you , senator merkley , for fighting for what is right !
and by the way ... thank you senator wyden .
scott , thanks for pointing out that senator murray voted for doma .
quite a wonderful governor and person .
his immigrant mother must be turning over in her grave right now .
i will believe this and you if you reject all contributions from big pharma .
/ / / with high hopes he &apos;ll be elected---instead of our shaheen ! &quot;
hey chuck , we need u to grow a pair .
thank you for providing this example cory booker !
explain the $ 300,000 you accepted from big pharma ...
please find funding to help our mentally ill .
so impressed kyrsten !
so i am hoping you just announced you &apos;re going to be bernie &apos;s vp !
thank you congresswoman tammy duckworth for your work with this win .
please senator booker , do everything that is in your power to stop this unfolding disaster .
here is all that maria cantwell and patty murray &apos; s backed u.s. state department got us again , &quot; 0 &quot; ! ! !
they &apos;re the same drugs , you sell-out .
i want to thank you though , you have always been for the people of mn and i appreciate that !
canada is not a 3rd world country &amp; the drugs are safe !
thank you , representative yarmuth , for fighting the good fight for our planet &apos;s future !
while bannon will no doubt be an advisor to president-elect trump , we should at least prevent him from becoming a paid employee and official representative of the us
https : / / www.facebook.com / camanpour / videos / 10158228012290370 / please follow though on the russia connection between the trumpster , the gop , the trump cabinet and hire the people whom &quot; resigned &apos; at dia .
the irony of you calling someone else an authoritarian is funny .
let &apos;s keep supporting women &apos;s hockey beyond the games .
thank you for fighting for the victims of these horrific crimes !
the trolls seem to have severe reading comprehension problems .
a few days earlier , chuck schumer broke into tears in response to president trump &apos;s &quot; legal immigration order &quot; but never shed a tear while at &quot; ground zero &quot; after 9 / 11 .
more words of wisdom from cory !
thank you senator warren for holding the banks accountable , i am so proud of you ! !
so either your saying that these corporations are selling unsafe drugs to canadians purposely or your full of it .
he dies a hood hero for all the brothas and sistah who died at the hands of crooked cops .. rip chris
question : we wanted single payer health insurance like all other developed countries so how come we ended up with corporate composed / controlled healthcare benefitting big med &amp; big pharma ?
join us for sf women &apos;s march !
as a retired public school teacher , i applaud your efforts to support an educated society , without which democracy cannot stand .
women &apos;s rights should not even be up for discussion that is how sad you are .
assault weapons ban needs to be passed in congress , please !
we have a lot of good people down here who are fighting for real , progressive change .
he has consistently been against citizens united and isn &apos;t taking campaign contributions from corporations and their super pacs .
thank you time and again for your tireless work on this issue .
i am so incredibly disappointed in you , maria cantwell and patty murray for voting against this bill .
anyone who even remotely &quot; likes &quot; nancy pelosi is a fck &apos;in idiot !
cannabis for medical use should be expanded .
thanks amy , keep fighting for the people .
sherrod , i have written you letters over a dozen times and each time all i &apos;ve received back was a form letter from some staffer that didnt even address the questions / concerns i was writing you about .
elizabeth , i hope you see hillary for all she truly is as clearly as you see trump .
yet she supports monsanto and gmo foods .
patty i am an overseas voter who has lived in hk for 12 years .
elizabeth warren ... never heard of him ?
$ 70,000 - sanders , trooper ( deputy director of policy and projects for the first lady ) 10 .
amy thank you for all the work you are doing and the extra you did to get this done .
pls bring forward gun control legislation on behalf of fairfield county .
nh needs to vote you out
you take it straight up your ass .keep stirring up those punk protesters cause you &apos;re really going to get it up your fucking ass .
it is truly disturbing to see how scattered the democratic party has become .
his greatest achievement is his family .
thank you , ms. maloney , for protecting all women &apos;s reproductive rights , our right to privacy and discretion to choose .
you should have backed bernie now reap what you sow .
stand with john lewis .
what kind of democracy is this when the majority of the people do not want this
ted kennedy is very much missed .
we will not be able to undo the environmental and human harm these nominees have the power to do to america .
as long as there are slaughter houses and factory farms dealing out violence to poor helpless animals , there will be the natural reaction of senseless violence in our human society .
chuck , we must impeach !
i can still remember the time i sheepishly bought a little candy for my kids to take to the movies because i couldn &apos;t afford the food at the movie .
i love you , amy , but will no longer be able to vote for you if you continue to take $ $ $ from and support monsanto .
bye rick , i can truly say it wasn &apos;t a pleasure , and i won &apos;t be missing you in the future .
the republican people want a xenophobiic , racist , semester , authoritarian leader who gets things done .
please join your brave democratic colleagues in the house and boycott the inauguration of an illegitimate and tyrannical president .
the racism card works both ways , why are you not up in arms about black on white crime ?
stop playing politics amy .
a former colleague was working in the mental health division and he had an opening that would be perfect for my skill set .
too corporate for me .
i hope you &apos;ll reconsider your support for pipa and take a stand against similar legislation in the future .
# feelthebern vote for bernie !
the electors need to be debriefed on the russian hacking before they cast their votes .
amy - please do continue - how can heather sleep at night ?
why do try to make us believe that you are fighting trump when you are confirming his cabinet picks , you are a disgrace to our party .
maybe we need to all band together and do away with the electoral collage which is how trump won not by the majority but a totally outdated system that has denied two democratic presidents in the last 16 years .
senator donnelly , we are begging on behalf humanity - this must be repealed .
thank you congressman neal and sen. elizabeth warren
what could possibly be the problem with background checks and banning assault weapons unless for military use ?
actually not the first woman and proof warren to dumb to know history .
i love my country and i have felt secure with the democratic party until this year .
thank you beto for looking out for the prosperity and health of your constituents .
senator bennet , choose love over hate on this one .
most of all , i hope people take notice and vote them out of office , they don &apos;t represent the people , they &apos;ve deceived the public into think that , they &apos;re nothing more than employees for corporate interests .
corporate monopoly ?
thank you , senator booker , for taking a stand against hatred and oppression .
it was prime-sponsored by sen. amy klobuchar .
please continue to fight for all of us !
hillary has over a quarter million more votes then trump .
please help support legislation to end this unnecessary gun violence .
you &apos;re precisely why we need gun laws .
thank you for your consideration , and best of luck .
but it is their difference which enable the world community to see the two dimension of the same democracy system .
anyway , kate brown also won a statewide election .
as a senator in a position such as yours , one that is likely expected to be named senate minority leader , you have an obligation to stand up agaist the president-elect &apos;s recent appointment of steve bannon .
guess i would too if the only 2 choices i had to pick from &amp; offer the country was killary or &quot; give it all for free &quot; bernie .
i &apos;ve always loved and respected senator murray .
gee , isn &apos;t that rather odd -- especially after 70 years ?
good luck chuck pulling for you to figure it out .
hi kirsten gillibrand .
this woman is a bigot in my opinion .
i used to like you booker .
and extending those benefits to couples who do not have religious approval to be married seems a simple matter of fairness , no ?
you should &apos;ve voted for bernie like the people wanted you to .
please be a clinton warren ticket .
trump will win by a landslide .
i sincerely hope the dems hold out and don &apos;t give in ; cutting planned parenthood would be a disaster for women &apos;s health services .
please rise above and show why the democrats are the party of inclusion and not the party of hate .
his is the progressive voice that leads , as a beacon , in the dark and dismal political days ahead !
the vast majority of washington state caucus attendees picked bernie sanders , including my own caucus .
like i said previously in another thread , these idiots that belong to the democratic party don &apos;t realize that we are not fighting a common enemy , but a terrorist organization .
cory booker you are a corporate sell out .
i hope and pray patty wins .
we need you to hang tough on all these issues , and very much appreciate all you &apos;re doing .
tell bob , and booker and holt we are watching all of them too ....
you &apos;re doing a great job , mr. kaine .
preach it , senator warren ! !
i know you are an open and unrepentant sexist and racist , but just out of curiosity , can you give an example of a man &quot; s right in the workplace ?
please join senator franken in being a champion of change and standing on the side of making a public commitment to oppose any policies that would take from our public safety net for middle class americans ( ie social security , medicare , and medicaid ) .
hillary may have all of these qualities but it doesn &apos;t excuse her from acting out .
is it the &quot; greatest &quot; democracy ?
/ end report title : list of agencies penalized for violation of sec 2 d , rule 1 , part 6 date : jan 1,2010 to dec 31,2012 name skills international company inc
are you still pretending to be valid al ?
as fast as trump is destroying stuff , , , , people really need to hurry !
thanks for all your work , chellie .
why aren &apos;t there more clear headed american citizens like kyrsten in congress ?
mrs. monday morning quarterback , will you now use your minnesota common sense and do what is right instead of playing follow the leader ?
i am so proud that you are my senator .
please help me and others understand otherwise than just the rhetoric handed down by the industry pulling the string and ventriloquising the words into your mouth and your other democratic colleagues .
we are without words today , but grateful for your acknowledgement .
anyone can come into the country and apply for citizenship by appropriate ways , your claiming racism is just an attempt toscare people and can you say with all the documented hillary comments that she is better
if you &apos;re serious about &quot; doing everything possible to stop trump &quot; you would take a stand and endorse bernie sanders .
i do ask that the same amount of effort and discussion given to gun control be spent on our state and countries handling of the mentally ill. i am in full support of gun ownership as well as gun responsibility .
keep fighting for our district congresswoman doris o. matsui !
al franken you need to go back to comedy ..... oh never mind you sucked at that too ! !
felicidades kyrsten sinema
brown was a good thing for mass .
mr. bannon &apos;s placement on this committee is disturbing in light of his one-sided positions on critical issues of equality and justice for america .
cambridge is feeling the bern as well .
now they &apos;ve taken away a great option for thousands of woman .
screw elizabeth warren you and hillary can forget about running are country the rest of the way down not gonna happen i &apos;ll move mexico not canada it &apos;s warm there
since 2011 you took $ 477,000 from big pharma you showed why you voted against bernie &apos;s amendment !
i always knew you would win col duckworth and would bring dignity and honor back to ill &apos;s 8th .
more delays means they are stuck in an unsafe environmemt , often in refugee camps rife with violence , poverty and a dearth of services .
how will pelosi impede dem progress ?
well , after obama , we will have hillary clinton for president.first woman president in america .
i love you senator booker !
it is so important that we not normalize this man in any way ... and i so appreciate your brave stance .
there is a good arguement for mental health care , that is insanity .
the employer can &apos;t limit the prescription of the drugs .
if i could only have faith in cory booker after working with newark during the zuckerburg $ 100m fiasco .
it was a great honor to meet him and witness his presence , humility and courtesy to may leaders in the portland , oregon area .
not a constituent of yours , but want to add my voice against stephen bannon .
this is yet another reason the democratic party has lost me .
if this can be put through my kids could actually be productive members of our counties economic growth instead of working two jobs to pay student loans .
keep up the good fight senator franken .
keep fighting the good fight , senator ! !
i loved harold too .
this is about so-called pastors preaching to their flock they should go out and gun down lgbt citizens in this country .
michael - this is a progressive site and nobody believe your bs delusional rants here- why don &apos;t you go a tea bagger-hate site - were you can make up more anti-government nonsense with other unrational haters
you are an inspiration tammy !
keith will do the honerable thing : door a : fall on his sword .
so what you &apos;re saying is that you don &apos;t support bernie sanders because he hasn &apos;t promised to give you any money ?
many people were in tears that night .
jeremy - i &apos;m sure all you folks on medicare , medicaid , and social security , as well as those in va care , would have something to say .
love this lady
the terms are being negotiated in secret , which is contrary to the spirit of democracy .
spoken like the true abuse victims democrats have become .
i agree i don &apos;t give any credence to what warren says .
happy mothers day lois : )
no one insures mobile homes are let &apos;s you buy liability i surance
you can ; t not like amy no matter what party you like , she makes sense and is fair .
i wonder why she said every women in the united states ?
fight harder , senator !
your thoughts and concerns are important to me , and i read every email i get .
we have to stop catering and cowering to insurance companies and pharmaceutical companies who put profits over people .
he is so honorable that he lied and said this is the first inauguration he would not attend .
even the local mcdonalds will not hire a person with a masters degree .
too bad the party loyalty trumps the will of their constituents ~ ~ ~ it &apos;s time to show murray &amp; cantwell it &apos;s time to step up to representation or it &apos;s out the door ~ ~
u.s. senator elizabeth warren for president
ms.harris i would just like to say thank you for ruining my chances of continuing my education with this sudden closure of heald college i can &apos;t put into words how much i hate you .
warren 4 prez
congressman filner , congressman higgins , congressman hall of ny , senator akaka , senator schumer and senator gillibrand should accompany president obama there with you to talk to the guam legislature about agent orange used on the island there and the epa report of high tcdd dioxin contamination there .
their savings would be at the expense of families and schoolchildren while shortchanging oregon farmers and ranchers .
better mental health care / facilities for emergent cases .
it &apos;s as if the defenders of the alamo had surrendered to santa anna so they wouldn &apos;t be hurt .
nonetheless , manhattan judge charles stewart ruled against trump a year later , saying that his representative &quot; knew that the polish workers were doing demolition work &quot; and that his company participated in a &quot; conspiracy &quot; to cheat the union .
remember schumer , a gun brought the justice .
i am with hilary but will not be hateful to trump and his supporters .
keep defending the homeland , elizabeth .
yes , we miss senator wellstone &amp; his passion , &amp; understanding of the needs of the impoverished .
what kind of drugs is he taking , give me some .
please realize that hillary clinton is not the person to do that .
dear amy , i am still waiting congress doing something to lift the u.s. embargo against cuba .
&quot; and the sins of senators who only work for the pharmaceutical industry . &quot;
i &apos;ll never put aside my differences with a misogynistic , narcissistic , hateful , racist , bully .
i have a lot of respect for mr. ellison .
i got to meet her and just loved her , i am sorry i couldn &apos;t go to the funeral because i am taking care of my mother .
on this labor day , we should remember that holidays , benefits , safety in the workplace , and all minimum wage issues came labor unions .
in this warren message , it says &quot; people staying quiet too long &quot; .
it would be easier to believe you if you didn &apos;t have a track record of accepting big pharma money .
i have seen amazing results with that , vitamins and proper nutrition end the need for prescriptions .
fyi - birth control pills have uses , and are increasingly used for medical purposes other than birth control .
thank you , barbara lee
thank you sen. booker for being our voice and having our backs ! !
bernie seems corrupt too , but i think he can do better .
wow al
mr. bennet .
i am very concerned about the appointment of steve bannon by the president elect .
yes , i care about others , but i want my leaders to have a black agenda on trumps table .
we need you to do what you do best - vigilantly represent the people of the northwest who value diversity , inclusion and democracy .
i &apos;d laugh at you morons but you act so seriously ... ah who gives a shit , i &apos;ll laugh at you anyway , even if pallone loses this nov , because you people trying to govern our way back to antebellum america is going to be funny .
you are a wonderful person , mr. ellison !
the already all time high hatred towards democrats seems to have reached a new level since his interview with hannity .
you rock , elizabeth warren !
thank you for all of the hard work and fights you keep on fighting .
what did you tell trump when you met him today ?
the fact is that mr. defazio is playing fast and loose with what it says and does .
congratulations senator cortez-masto 🎉 nevadans love you , please continue the fight for women , immigrants and lgbt 👏 👏 👏
she was such a sweet and classy lady !
happy birthday congressman cicilline !
i do not want to participate in unnecessary violence towards animals .
i hope you are happy senator warren , you and your corporate backed cronies .
i wondere who &apos;s been &quot; pumping &quot; crazy debbie lately ? !
please run for president , mr booker .
are we to believe that our fda holds them to a different standard ?
i &apos;m a warren supporter , too .
debbie , we simply have to extend health care to the 40 million americans who don &apos;t have it today and who cannot afford it .
back to work-- thanks for your focused efforts ---please oppose cabinet picks whose agenda erodes the democracy and the climate
tell me again when trump supporters violently disrupted a bernie or hilary rally ?
i thought elizabeth warren was smarter than just praising the whole gender thing .
you go , kamala .
it &apos;s not a question of moral purity , colleen .
thank you earl blumenauer , for your insistence on donald trump &apos;s following of the constitution .
go set up a teepee warren
obstruct the entire swamp from being confirmed .
exactly right patty !
actually many news outlets are saying its very similar to what bernie sanders would have said .... i see his sheep are quite triggered .. hypocritically speaking .
she was frank about issues , veterans &apos; , small business to health insurance reform , and the need to expand progress ... no solution walsh wants to repeal , cut and government ( that &apos; doesn &apos;t create jobs &apos; ... in the face of our military , civic workers and what about his job ? )
love you mary , but do not like elizabeth warren .
you must give bernie the democratic party nomination . &quot;
hillary said this in 2008 on cnn- please share everywhere https : / / m.youtube.com / watch ? v = ajlikcieebu
if i even find out you &apos;re voting for trump you are no longer d welcome in my home .
my son is over there fighting his ass off and i would appreciate it if you &quot; don &apos;t forget &quot; .
we love you tammy
hillary is just as toxic so that kind of backs us into a corner .
thank you for sharing this story and let him know people in minnesota appreciate his service .
speaking for myself , my family , and most in my circle of friends ( most of them jewish ) , we are very proud to have you as our representative .
jon altonen , my points are valid do your home work and yes i &apos;m blue damn proud of it .
you started it warren-leave massachusetts you have not done anything for us
sorry , kirsten if you weren &apos;t part of the solution you are part of the problem ... planning to vote you and schumer out !
senator jeanne shaheen , i am a 63 year old retired public school teacher .
i use to be a waitress at a place where mrs. klobuchar use to dine on a regular basis .
thank you senator sheldon whitehouse ! !
thank you senator tester for your continuous and strong support for women and reproductive rights !
interesting that no one ever referred to jimmy carter the way they d. trump even tho carter actually banned muslim travel to the us during his presidency .
meetings happening all over to resist trump ! !
but at the same time , why does the cost of living in mn steadily increase while wages are stagnant and unemployment is high amy ? ?
forward with rick larsen for congress !
trump who had his share of ups and downs in business seems to be winning not losing and doing quite well financially ... elizabeth .
amy if u did your fucken job with the rest of your buddys in washington dc ur all fuck asses
love you more every day , warrior waters .
i appreciate your hard work on our behalf rick .
your the man al but you should be supporting bernie ... he can would crush trump
dear senator senator chuck schumer , i ask that you please vote no on jeff sessions .
to all the trump protesters who are trying to take the moral high ground , president obama was in office when genocide was happening in syria .
stupidity , self hatred .
thank you for your longtime work on reproductive justice .
and how much money have you accepted from big pharma ?
obviously warren is a career politician and doesnt undertand bankruptcy in the business world .
happy passover from new york .
wow , i thought every one was nuts in the party , thanks kyrsten sinema
old joe had it done because she was an embarrassment to the family .
i agree with claire .
stabenow also takes money from kellogg &apos;s .
we have the power and the voice ( 3 / 4 of us who support bernie ) to make rick unemployed in november !
we need to you fight hard for equal rights for all .
anything else deserves electoral consequences from within the party .
president trump is on the right track he is banning 7countries not muslim people
i just don &apos;t get it .... do you think canadians are taking unsafe prescription drugs ( that were most likely made in the u.s. to begin with ) ?
your next to go senator warren !
please cry for those who are killing each other in chicago , please cry for our homeless veterans !
he made mental health patients homeless discarded folks on the streets .
wow i did not know of all the mn connections !
where is this trump violence .
when she supported tpp ?
sometimes i &apos;m in such disbelief of this nonsense ... i &apos;m hoping maybe this is a reality tv stunt or promotional stunt for something ... just to demonstrate how important it is for us all to be involved in our democratic process , awareness , etc ...
i am proud that you represent hawaii .
and corey booker is unfit to vote on prescription drug prices .
cool please tell him how bad thehome lenders are !
hillary made a big mistake calling racism systemic in police departments .
happy thanksgiving kirsten ( rutnik ) gillibrand from london , uk ; )
thank you for today , for fighting for all americans !
funny that democrats don &apos;t take responsibility for their violent actions at other candidates events and call their unruly protests as being caused by others .
keep up the good work , ny needs you
you are one hell of a great senator !
love that dayton is our governor now .
republicans represent corporate interest even more than dems do , of course they would vote down a living wage .
republicans in this era don &apos;t give a damn about the middle class or women or the poor or the young or the environment or anything unless it means making them more money .
stop white racism - start by taking down the horrific confederate flag !
thank you for all you &apos;ve been fighting against and for .
hawaii
well as a middle class person i keep seeing my money go to helping the lower class to get to middle class things .
thank you for all you are doing to help save our wonderful equines &lt; 3
where are your tears for the homeless ?
this is why progressives weren &apos;t excited about tim kaine as hillary &apos;s vice president .
thank you god &lt; 3
probably but at best for minimum wage and it will difinitely increase corporate profits !
why are the kkk or white supremacists not on house arrest or gagged from speaking &quot; politically &quot; ... don &apos;t blame the donald for using what &apos;s out there , from hollywood to novelists to journnalists or artists , they all use or grease themselves on those same tunes ! !
not going to the inauguration is not showing respect for the office .
great parade yesterday frank : - )
call for an investigation into trump &apos;s ties to russia .
you are amazing cory booker !
sen bennet is working on tax reform behind the scenes .
wake up , people , there is hope ahead in spite of trump &apos;s downer world !
to the democratic party : don &apos;t be cowards this is now a fight for the republic .
i wish it could be but expecting the democrat party to save us is the reason trump is such a danger now .
be our voice , sen booker .
trump is running for the head ceo position of united states of america , incorporated .
you are so on the ball amy .
to pretend this behavior is acceptable is to be complicit in said behavior .
russia didn &apos;t turn the democrats into a bunch of cynical crooks
and consider the number of democratic senators who seem to swing from the right on any major piece of legislation that favors the commons .
americans should not have to pay higher prices for the exact same drugs than our canadian neighbors simply because congress is bought and paid for by the powerful pharmaceutical industry .
this is bad legislation that simply and only punishes innocent citizens , and will not address crime and violence .
elizabeth warren has no clue to what americans really care about !
bernie 3 : 1 .south whidbey felt the bern !
i know , let &apos;s ban congress ...
you &apos;re such a good fella , al , such a big warm heart ! !
happy birthday ron .
yay thanks debbie !
i support you , fight on !
if the court ruled that a private employer doesn &apos;t have to cover the cost of contraceptives because of religious beliefs etc ... i don &apos;t believe they are denying women of health care .
🎊 👬 🐼 😀 senator merkley , please : i heard a news release ( npr / opb ) this evening and earlier today saying single long term unemployed persons ( which i am ) may lose their snap benefits in 2016 due to a new 3-month limit being adapted for food stamp recipients .
shame on you sen. booker .
millennial voters are needed by hillary clinton .
sincerely , your canadian neighbor .
were you one of the trump supporters that set the cop car on fire , or were you the one that was burning the flag ?
my thoughts are with you clare , hoping for a speedy recovery .
you voted against it , patty .
all donald trump created was hate against minorities .
while the exact wording is slightly dated ( as women serve , are wounded , and die for our country as well , of course ) , the sentiment is still obviously valid ... while others sacrifice , we must endeavor to make their gifts of selflessness worth it .
go senator elizabeth warren go !
thank you , senator franken ! !
i didn &apos;t vote for kaine and don &apos;t ever intend to .
i worked with that dear lady and know first hand of how dedicated and caring she and all the nurses i known were / are , so thank you nurses and lets celebrate you this national nurses week !
thank you for fighting for all of us .
if not , what would the assault rifle ban accomplish ?
if more democrats spoke out so forcefully , we would not be facing 4 years of donald trump .
right on , congresswoman speier !
from my friend : &gt; &gt; allen west after 50 years , and some $ 20 trillion dollars , we &apos;ve reduced poverty by about 2 points and now 72 % of black households are single parent .
elizabeth elizabeth warren u.s. senator , massachusetts your reply : ( i verily feels odd anyway but i &apos;m too weak to make donation to assist the us federation .
you go tammy duckworth !
he voted it down because most of the big pharma companies are based in nj .
she is also attentive , polite , and warm in person .
incidentally , democrats were the targets you specifically identified in your little &quot; joke , &quot; colleen .
thanks for your help understanding this , earl !
yeah , because violently rioting is going to get you those answers .
i admire you al , and i am so proud of our president !
thank you senator gillibrand for keeping us informed .
i appreciate all you do for mn and america , but we have bigger problems here at home .
i hope you are woman enough to accept this challenge .
ramadan kareem sen
what would we do without elizabeth warren ! ! !
instead of paragraphs on facebook you and senator warner should follow senator kaine &apos;s lead and skip the warhawk &apos;s speech all together
two words : san bruno .
patty - again , federal income tax breaks are going to end only on the top 2 % of wage earners .
congressman pallone just puts these posts up to keep the trolls employed .
senator shaheen , perhaps you should actually educate yourself on what an &quot; assault weapon really is .
congrats and thank you !
what about mental health reform ? ! ? ! ?
you &apos;ll learn about , &apos; &apos; no irish need apply &apos; &apos; in job ads and much more about us &apos; &apos; welcoming &apos; &apos; americans .
and how firmly are you committed to advocating for policies that fight climate change ?
i wish you would not attend .
i tried to tell you frank if you pass that bill you party will be puting a gun in its mouth and pulling the trigger but you wouldnt listen , now the whole country hates you .
weighing in on the side of kirsten gillebrand and other sensible individuals .
you also know that rural america and white collar workers voted for trump in huge numbers .
i do not support you mr brown .
obstruct don the con &apos;s agenda .
they &apos;re getting rich with this tactic - paid by big corporations who love deregulation and tax loopholes and handouts !
of course canada &quot; vets &quot; its meds as we do , and most are produced here anyway !
kirsten and other prominent democratic women let their personal feelings toward hillary clinton over-ride what is best for the nation .
by definition , rick your job is as a representative of the people , how is this representing the people ?
hey debbie i am glad that you are not one of those crazy ladies , hang in there and keep fighting we need more individuals like you to actually look out for those you do not have much power .
put a sock in it liz !
same to you and yours matt cartwright
except for the over $ 250k from pharma lobbyists that you &apos;ve received , i &apos;ve not heard or seen a good reason why you voted in the negative .
thanks but dems need to work harder !
small business knows liz equals putting them out of business .
as it is , i think we &apos;re gonna have to find a democrat who actually stands up to pharma and their positions against the best interests of consumers .
its cloudy and rainy at makaha hawaii also ... lol !
why is ford moving a plant from michigan to mexico ?
warrior warren justice prevails !
then please endorse bernie sanders , he is the only one who can beat trump .
it is also true that trump , who has always been opposed to my marriage , has changed his mind several times on the specifics of marriage equality .
you got both mine and my wife &apos;s vote today jon .
you are awesome , carol .
dear mr warner .
reich-booker 2020 !
you lose our support and the dnc will lose the white house .
sen. booker quasi republican .
i know this much donald trump supporters need to either go back to school and learn about how america became a country .
thank-you kamala for being willing to do the right thing for the citzens and those that have harrassed the citzens .
congratulations madm atty general - kamala !
at least warren is a leader !
i am so proud you are my congressman .
we need insurance companies to not have people wait to get mental health support .
violence , sexism , racism , attacks on gender , religion , and more have always been there .
how is it possible that assault of any kind , particularly against a poor , meek , defenseless women was legal until so recently ?
i , too , am hoping we have a progressive democrat to challenge you in 2018 !
paid rioters blocking traffic , looting and burning .
thank you once again barbara lee for being a voice and action of conscience .
thank you , senator testor for recognizing the rights of all americans .
thank you barbara lee , you have always been our champion .
&quot; charlie sutton ms warren , it is easy enough to say what you are going to do - until you have to do it .
u.s. senator elizabeth warren , you should have run for president .
patty , you were my second-favorite public servant .
sounds like warren is already trying to round us up go the clinton camp ...
no 1 these days , in politics , roll like tammy duckworth .
.everyone else can do both foreign and domestic policy while trump is just &quot; maga . &quot;
as a surviving family member of a murder victim of these savages , i feel its disgraceful that you never spoke out against this .
my sentiments exactly amy , thanks .
money from licensing and fines go toward funding gun safety classes and maintaining gun libraries .
please say no to nestle and save the beautiful cascade locks .
time you vote for bernie .
massachusetts senator
the problem is a lack of respect and compassion for one &apos;s fellow human beings .
so proud of my nys senators .
thank you elizabeth , his memory will undoubtedly &quot; live long and prosper &quot;
peter defazio is going to put our nation back together
chuck , i don &apos;t know you .
i am happy for marriage equality in il as well .
i am not sure if elizabeth warren is attempting to act surprised to play politics or she is not as intelligent as i thought she was .
thank you for all you do , for all of us mr. blumenauer !
go get him amy .
this gun control bullshit is not going to make schools safe they are unsecured gun free zones where anyone can walk in and take over .
happy new year and thank you for the hard work you have done for the middle class and the working poor .
we write to request you to cancel the forthcoming commonwealth heads of government meeting ( chogm ) in colombo as the host country &apos;s leader , president mahinda rajapakse , stands accused of committing a wholesale genocide and serious war crimes against the minority tamil people in his country .
thank you senator kirsten gillibrand
trump is going to win .
let &apos;s also look at why he was viciously assaulting the woman who has yet to be identified .
as senators , can &apos;t you and those who agree with you , simply refuse to engage in business as usual on the floor by stating &quot; i object &quot; until bannon is removed ?
thank you , jan !
are americans guaranteed equal rights in china , europe , iraq , romania , russia and mexico and canada ?
continue to fight for us , senator warren .
additionally please senator , do everything you can to delay the electoral college vote until the country is satisfied that there was no rigging of the elections last month .
pbs hawaii walter miske check with the link on tulsi &apos;s page .
if you &apos;re beloved hand picked hillary is pushed through , don &apos;t go blaming bernie and his supporters if trump is president .
thank you senator murray ( y )
the jews weren &apos;t persecuted because of xenophobia or fear .
&quot; warren was paid an average of $ 350,000 per year by harvard law school during 2009-2010. warren &apos;s net worth as of the end of 2011 was as high as $ 14.5 million .
thank you , brita adamovics for sharing this story .
thank you for listening to my comments in one of your last posts ❤ ️
please pass sensible gun control legislation now !
fight every single inappropriate cabinet pick .
where do you stand on gun control al ?
a : eleven : john conyers &#91; chairman of the judiciary committee &#93; , tammy baldwin , jerrold nadler , luis gutierrez , melvin watt , maxine waters , hank johnson , steve cohen , barbara lee , robert wexler , linda sanchez &#91; there are 23 democrats on the judiciary committee of which eleven , almost half , are now members of the dsa &#93; .
remember the day , when bernie or bust gave us president trump , and the end of america .
history dictates that corporate regimes only care about the needs of the rich , and use hatred and wedge issues to divide and conquer .
we appreciate your work , amy
donald trump is a mad man .......
happy new year to you too , debbie !
it has been less than two days and the world is already responding positively to a trump presidency .
bannon must undergo senate confirmation hearings .
tammy duckworth has my support and vote in november .
aloha and namaste !
love the far right side comment !
who pays for this and what jurisdictions get subsidies ?
you &apos;re the one feeding the lies and spreading the hatred with your false comments .
-- eugene victor debs , 1918 &quot; the test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much ; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little . &quot;
its funny that the trump haters criticize and chastise him every day and when he speaks back he is the bad guy .
thank-you kristen for your great support on saving the future
thank you senator jeff merkley
thank you congressman pascrell , all the way from california !
* fakes a whimper * i &apos;m so sorry there are people outside of new jersey who care about the united states and the state of new jeresy itself .
you are right beto
i am sick of the hate and lies these people spit out every day .
some innocents will undoubtedly be killed by our action ( collateral damage ) , so lets err on the side of not participating in the violence .
dino has done nothing for years , except run for office .
i wish the meeting of the electoral college could be postponed until all of the electors can be briefed by the intelligence community about this .
but i have doubts about uniting people .
it &apos;s a fascist model , with fascist science , weaponized by the ss , after seizing otto loewi &apos;s discovery and research of the brain &apos;s neurotransmitter systems in the 1930 &apos;s .
and hillary is still a threat to national security get that thru your thick head wyden .
are you super delegate already pledged to ms clinton before the ca primary ?
not to mention that the whole wide world could blow up on the day after inauguration if he has one of his 2 y.o.
misery must love company , eh ?
currently in mn it doesn &apos;t include gay or lesbian marriage either .... and it didn &apos;t used to include children , as you said yourself ....
u.s. senator elizabeth warren , if you want to move the nation forward in the right direction , please endorse bernie sanders and make it clear that continuing to support the lesser of two establishment evils is somehow going to make our lives better .
thanks amy you understand american i hope it &apos;s not too late .
the rate of gun violence has not changed more than one or two percent + / - in the past 15 years .
bravo elizabeth ! !
trump is trying to protect us , all of us , even you .
trump isn &apos;t even a legitimate president , so his nominees aren &apos;t legit .
go for it prof. warren !
i know why because you and your mentor senator schumer know it is a pos legislation !
the senselessness ... the sorrow ... the change that needs to come will not come without addressing the mental illness that shows early warnings .
thank you earl , i whole heartedly agree .
by not attending you speak for me .
thank you senator kaine for being our voice .
happy birthday and thank you for quitting the dnc to support bernie .
congressman sherman , we continue to fight for the dogs and cats and stopping all festivals that torture our pets and companions !
of course hillary being endorsed by the kkk is just fine and trump didnt praise kkk leader when he was senate leader like killery and her husband did .
get your &quot; facts &quot; straight please !
i &apos;ll be there congresswoman , without a doubt !
thank you for maintaining your integrity , and for influencing fellow democrats ( and she republicans ) to do the same .
wage gap is bullshit !
we need more strong democrats to stand up to immoral decrees .
sorry debbie not on my short list to do today ... not on my long list either ... kinda worried about the people out east ...
do what &apos;s right , or be heaped into the dustbin of history with the other neoconservative democrats in lieu of a more authoritarian government .
i love warren .
amy you &apos;ve done a lot of good things , now do the right thing and vote for bernie , mn has spoken .
thank you amy for being so committed to people and not $ .
how do i donate to the 2020 trump re election campaign ?
i marched against monsanto at the state capital on saturday .
newtown ct residents you have the power = = = &gt; re open the state mental hospital and don &apos;t demand people be suicidal to get in .
cool , liz .
tammy the guns need to be removed from the streets .
&lt; 3 btw : polls look better for sanders vs. trump than clinton vs. trump !
it &apos;s mother &apos;s day , these two evil women have helped to deny untold millions of girls the life they could have had to become mothers by endorsing and pushing abortion on hundreds of millions of women !
kristofer , pp provides free and affordable breast cancer screenings to women .
reinstating glass-stegall and splitting up commercial and investment banks so this sort of thing can &apos;t happen again .
maryland is a changing dutch .
meaning , that donald trump has a 99.2 % success rate .
i am , and forever will be , a bernie seed .
we &amp; so many others respect you and the 60 other members of congress who will not be attending the inauguration of this &quot; illegitimate &quot; trump , who continues to be so unbalanced &amp; disrespectful to so many decent americans &amp; american traditions .
good afternoon , senators , and thank you for all your hard work thus far .
cool .... now maybe you &apos;ll support labeling all gmo &apos;s .....
oh look another corrupt democrat acting like a champion of the people .
keep speaking up , amy .
parts of america are posted with signs warning americans not to travel there because of violent illegal aliens running drugs and kidnapping our people !
rip lane , you will be missed .
hillary is educated beyond her intelligence and all of her supporters !
bernie sanders is not a democrat !
i am sharing this just so connie can reply to this !
amy , you have the skills , connections , respect and tenacity to help get the united states out of this mess .
oh yeah , patty .
think how happy u.s. women will be when health care reform is passed .
patty i &apos;ve been a fan of yours ever since i came to the state of washington to attend an 8 week domiciliary at the american lake va hospital for vets suffering from ptsd .
thank you for sharing this intimate moment in your life with us .
i wish you were running with bernie or hillary as vp .
why warren has not endorsed sanders .
minnesotans are so fortunate to be represented by people like amy klobuchar and al franken .
kdb * we are dem precinct committee persons from bothell 33 jim &amp; kristi barclay .
your contributions to society are appreciated .
when i needed help , it was sherrod brown who called me back .
keep fighting cory !
thank you for all that you do our hispanic community far and wide !
you go , senator harris !
thank you gerry connelly for standing up for your constituants .
endorse bernie sanders please !
i appreciate your hard work on our behalf !
elizabeth is right on .
gee tammy , where were you and all the other posters when the flag of the u.s. was being trampled and used as toilet paper by those expressing their &quot; free speech &quot; rights ?
happy birthday senator kennedy
do something about the gun legislation that was passed in michigan last night .
senator schumer , where were your tears on 9 / 11 , boston bombing , florida , ohio university , san bernadino .
now the boohoo &apos;ers , want to cry foul only when those same indiscretions they enacted against bernie were allegedly used against them .
what ... canadians don &apos;t have safe drugs ?
our environment and climate is more important to me than all the oil in the world ! !
senator mazie k. hirono , please let us know what we can do to support you !
frompy dumpy clinton ... ps elizabeth warren on full attack on her site ... she &apos;s lost it ..
# run warren run : d
look at all that water ... hey speaking of water can you please do all you can to make sure that our fellow american citizens in flint , michigan and it &apos;s surrounding areas get clean water .
however , considering the amount of money that you have received from pharmaceutical companies , it rings a bit hollow .
your silence is deafening on certain things .
shame on you , booker , for fear mongering and blatantly grand standing to kick off your presidential run in 2020 .
chuck stop voting for don &apos;s cabinet .
elizabeth warren , i really think you have a screw loose .
thank you , betty , for all you did for the usa !
this is what you say gets you the san juan dems endorsement ?
but then dear elizabeth warren , you should know that by making yourself available as vp to sanders it will be a landslide , and not doing it is also kind of standing by , or not ?
amy you are doing such good work , thank you .
please hold bannon accountable to his new position and ask for a conformation hearing ! !
keep up the terrific work you are doing , congresswoman diana degette !
so , senator wyden , will you be filibustering every donald trump supreme court nominee ?
thank you for your passion and your balls to fight !
thank you , thank you , thank you senator g and to all those who had the courage to vote with you !
in your survey question on assault weapons .... what assault weapons i don &apos;t see any for sale ..... no gun violence just people that use guns .
ms. speier tragically lost her child midterm .
thanks al , i &apos;m proud that you are my senator !
the police need to take responsibility for policing themselves .
i usually agree with your positions and i loved that you took a stand against sessions nomination .
hard to hear these great words of through the tears and the fear .
i think trump supporters are gaining a level of recognition and validation the white underclass has never previously experienced , as part of the intellectual elite ( and to a lesser degree financial ) that feels like oppression .
thank you earl blumenauer ! !
such a great advocate for safe transportation for bikers and all in mn and other places .
teresy selby may not have noticed that dino rossi made his first run for office the same year patty ran for us senate .
agree peter .
shame on debbie stabenow for partaking in this charade .
warren for senate majority leader !
i also believe we should consider eliminating benefits for those with great assets or income ( see : warren buffett ) ; if these citizens were to hit rock bottom and lose everything financially , social security benefits should obviously exist for them just like any other citizen .
i agree with debbie stabenow 100 % ! !
endorse bernie , pleeeeease ? ! ? !
happy and healthy 2015 to you and yours .
if he can &apos;t show up at the inauguration please tell me how he plans on working with the new administration for the next two years .
aloha and mahalo rep tulsi ! !
also is it true you &apos;ve taken money from big pharma ?
is all about massachusetts tonight ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i &apos;m sure someone in big pharma will give you a lucrative board position that pays much better .
sanders wants us to be like sweden killery wqnts us to salenus out to china .
please run for president in 2020 elizabeth warren !
please , senator warren , please run for president .
elizabeth warren is just a want to be
how do you people believe trump he &apos;s a manipulative person he &apos;s a big bully .
they had a mass shooting and voted in very strict gun laws .
if you are a woman , how can you vote for hillary ?
having debbie stabenow in washington dc is a very good thing for michigan .
former monsanto vice president michael taylor , obama &apos;s &quot; food safety czar &quot; is indicative of the lack of concern the potus has for the populace .
she had a degree paid for at a community college when she was done .
great quote regarding women &apos;s participation in the enconomy and the need for choices !
cory i hope you move up in the ranks to a national political figure .
but legislation is a statement about how we no longer want to be or will tolerate a society that is gun and killing-obsessed .
they have a forum where election judges in mn can list their opinions and comments regarding voter id .
sen. schumer , your crying ! ! ! !
call bernie .
how do define equal work ?
&quot; sen. leahy , this holiday season , i need you to say no to any social security benefit cuts because i need it and i payed into it . &quot;
i &apos;m for investing once again in education , infrastructure - including passenger rail which is much more energy efficient that auto and air - and in research and development .
warren in 2020 ! ! !
i am out raged by his choice of bannon who is the spokesperson for the alt right .
after reading the history of the hammond family , i think they have been treated totally unfairly by blm and the other corporations that have harassed and given false testimony about them for years .
if trump becomes president because hillary gets the nomination then the democrats will be just as responsible for trump as any republican .
regardless people are disenfranchised with the political establishment , and they had a chance to change things with leaders of real substance like ron paul and bernie sanders .
god bless you sherrod brown !
term limits up wyden .
my favorite high school teacher ❤
miss warren is way off base and only speaking to those she thinks will vote for her .
good luck &amp; happy new year to you and yours .
love that franken !
thanks mr franken .
# feelthebern # imwithher
thank you for fighting for those without voices .
thank god .... that donald trump is in this race , if , for only one reason * * * it has revealed the &quot; true colors &quot; of manipulative democrsts .
our condolences to his family and loved ones .
sorry i seemed to see a different debate then you did amy .
patty , i &apos;d believe you were even remotely concerned if you would lower corporate tax rates ... us has the highest and all you want to do is raise it .
hrc has been unfairly villified by the gop for years .
all crimes are committed by people with mental disorders and guns .
go get you herald and read howie carrs column today it is another hate filled column in which he mentions granny warren and john kerry but curiously doesn &apos;t mention scott browns posing nude .
we are behind you kristen don &apos;t give up .
amy is a mn treasure .
thank you senator , it was an honor to be there alongside so many amazing people &#91; &#91; photo &#93; &#93;
don &apos;t forget newark is in crisis mode too .
when will you run for president , amy ?
when will you and keith push through a &quot; term limits &quot; bill ?
if hillary or bernie make it to the white house , there will be a war in america , hillary is criminal trash and bernie wants to take money from hard working americans and give it junkie losers , that are to lazy to get off their asses ! ! ! ! !
climate is a complex , nonlinear system , and climatic events are often driven by complex cycles .
maybe you voted for brown i didn &apos;t !
i am a fan of kirsten gillibrand and so are millions of americans .
congresswoman speier if all members of congress worked as hard as you do : we would have already had a job bill passed !
hey al , he said muslum immigrants you moron .
good luck patty , as one bothell girl to another !
hilary is so trustworthy !
fact-free gun control crusades by thomas sowell 4 / 30 / 2013 , the human events group &#124; powerful conservative voices amid all the heated , emotional advocacy of gun control , have you ever heard even one person present convincing hard evidence that tighter gun control laws have in fact reduced murders ?
i am so sorry debbie that you don &apos;t get economics .
what a great dnc chair you would make !
you are a drug money addict , taking from the taxpayers who can &apos;t afford their meds to feed your habit .
cory stuffing his pockets with special interest money .... we see you .
well , that &apos;s generous of you , elizabeth , but i sincerely hope that when he celebrates his next birthday , he is no longer in office !
chuck you are doing a great job and i am happy to have you looking out for us .
the sanders folks are going to burn it all down .
atta boy , al !
debbie ( or whoever ) stop with all the fake wars against women , blacks , hispanics .
if bernie is on the democratic ballot , i &apos;ll vote for him .
once fracking is allowed in ny these farms will sell sell sell ... what is that going to do to farming in upstate .
claire , you are an amazing woman !
dear chuck , i understand that you &apos;ve asked walmart and others to stop selling firearms while you fine folks in congress debate gun control .
we are so fortunate to have you senator !
those who brazenly raised their voices against her have not merely demonstrated their appalling ignorance , they have covered themselves in shame !
your efforts to thwart these terrible executive decisions as well as frightening cabinet appointees is much appreciated .
atheists , minnesota was once a conservative state , people raised their children to believe in god and his ten commandments .
thank you tulsi for being a wonderful inspiration to all of us .
there used to be a greater sense of corporate social responsibility by some firms -- minnesota businesses were quite progressive .
also , soleimani was defined by the us as &quot; leading the iranian support for syria in the violent suppression of human rights in syria under ( bashar ) assad .
i don &apos;t support trump , but i would vote for him before a hobo like bernie and an incompetent felon like clinton .
plz add your name to bernie !
33 years as a pediatric nurse and advocate for children across this state .
amen and go warren we need you to win .
love ya , sen. warren .
thanks for helping trump spread his anti-trade rhetoric .
a great senator and a great person .
rip james .. thank you
the clear choice then is lt col duckworth
senator warren : if trump gets elected this is on the establishment of both parties .
phillip harris these comments tho
thank you rep. blumenauer .
thank you for sharing this useful information kyrsten .
fuck you you liberal cock sucker you are the problem
another thank you from lansing , ny
it seems our democracy is truly fragile .
richie 27 - the obvious response would be to ask you which of pres .
so proud that you are from mn !
there isn &apos;t a single cabinet candidate worthy of a &quot; maybe &quot; , much less a &quot; yes &quot; .
thank you for taking such a brave stand for women &apos;s health care !
because i think he &apos;ll actually protect u.s. workers more than hillary .
i hope this inspires you to fight for us even more .
you disgust me for your gun rights position .
sending love and warmest thoughts for healing and quick recovery .
please trump trump .
why do trump supporters always use the word sheep ?
you did a very effective job standing up for progressive values - keep up the good work !
let me remind you mr. schumer that # 1 , the countries that are on this list were established by president obama .
all drugs need to be at prices that won &apos;t drive people from their homes and on to the brink of bankruptcy .
lester and hillary are either ignorant or lying , , , https : / / en.m.wikipedia.org / wiki / terry _ v. _ ohio
having seen you do this , after your vocalized support for the chris murphy filibuster and sit in in the house last year demanding a vote for gun law voting .
sinema is a dino .
and please cory booker consider running in 2020 😊 the country needs a leader like you 🇺 🇸 ! !
representative larsen , people are angry .
the orange is really unbecoming !
his campaign was divisive , hateful , and disgusting .
thank you senator shaheen - i &apos;m proud of you and your vote - keep up the good fight .
i &apos;m for the democratic nominee .
amy k needs to get on the right side of the argument or get out of politics !
this is what gillibrand enlisted to turn a wildlife &quot; refuge &quot; into a killing ground : http : / / www.sacbee.com / wildlife /
this terrorist targeted these innocent people because of hatred and intolerance fueled by religious extremism .
please help us achieve all of this by backing bernie sanders as the democratic nominee .
i love kids have 5 but prescriptions such as birth control saves women &apos;s lives !
need to fully define &quot; women &apos;s rights &quot; before i could agree or disagree with sen. brown .
i hope they don &apos;t involve animal research .
but no inauguration until results are recounted .
( gone progressive i guess ) sad
good luck elizabeth and president barack obama on tuesday i ll be voting for you
written to the author senator warren and two cosponsors
keith , please join fellow co-chair of the congressional progressive caucus rep. raul grijalva by endorsing bernie sanders .
senator klobuchar ; as an independent inventor here in mn who is very concerned with this legislation and who has written to you on the subject , i am very disappointed that this event was not publicized .
peace to all , human rights for all , that is what i am dedicated too .
you liberal democrats always push off your own ideas and views as &quot; republican &quot; views .
thank you cory booker for opposing sessions !
trump is awesome .
the country is in serious trouble if trump becomes president
two no votes here and a definite vote for amy klobuchar !
it &apos;s not the promises , it &apos;s the general hatred towards all who aren &apos;t of &quot; his kind &quot; .
keep fighting this for all of us .
his anti-woman record speaks for itself : he said &quot; i don &apos;t characterize &quot; grabbing women by the genitals &quot; as sexual assault , &quot; voted against reauthorizing the violence against women act and against bipartisan legislation to curb sexual assault in the military – twice .
thank you for helping us to remain living in a civilized society .
i suppose after the problems start coming years from now , amy will be on the front lines demanding more laws to stop the bad things from happening all because she helping to cause those problems .
i really believe you and warren can bring this back home in 2020 but we need to make changes .
you go louise ! ! !
hillary &apos;s health problems will prevent her from winning- bet on it
i will do all i can to thwart your 2020 run , because it &apos;s obvious that is what you are angling for .
2015 the year of mandatory licensure for pharmacy technicians in the state of michigan .
sure , for sure , honorable police and citizens deserve much better than this !
i support you as chair of the dnc .
thank you , and keep it up amy .
give them the message of the people , tammy .
as al smith said in the election of 1928 , &quot; the only cure for the ills of democracy , is more democracy . &quot;
if you support big pharma in this country , then who is working for the people ?
happy birthday elizabeth i always had that good feeling about u
you mean the right wing christan terroist , dont you ?
better than hilary .
bernie sanders is a joke kathy .
then change the name to elizabeth warren for senate
so glad you are staying on , rick !
i love all the sore loser trolls on this page .
i love her and send her lots of love power across the miles so she will be where she can influence politics in the best possible way .
the kkk thing is bs !
you use the same tactics , the scary part is you are a democrat , therefore , you get a free pass by the press .
all the best to you and your family this holiday season and throughout the coming year !
a us senator like schumer may be insighting riots .
thank you so much for supporting the march yesterday senator blumenthal !
has flint decided to waive the building permit and inspection fees for this project or are they still charging those costs to the taxpayer as well ?
an elderly couple was murdered by a black person and the 85 year old woman was also raped .
nyc council stands with standing rock .
many other races came to america under less than wonderful circumstances and suffered hardships .
&quot; yes sir , now the white male is the most discriminated against in the country .
thank you , kyrsten !
i intend to be fighting against the hateful views of this man .
thank you sen. gillibrand for supporing these 3 bills .
frank sent you an email to office please read thx a bunch
unbelievable and terrifying
watched the show , topic of for profit college should be discuss in detail , germany is back to state tuition !
he &apos;ll is going to be hot mr. brown
thank you senator klobuchar for your great work .
i tried to let the il tea party patriots have a chance to call mr. walsh to task for his statements , of course he denies he ever said anything offensive and now i have been blocked from their site and cannot comment there anymore .
@ becky l glass , thank you : - ) lol you made my day !
we would really appreciate you in our corner as we go to the dnc and vote for our democratic nomination .
friday is about a peaceful transition of power .
you &apos;re awesome tammy !
i &apos;m confused , are people actually still taking corey booker seriously ?
i will see you there , rep jan schakowsky ! !
those arrested were members of the ms-13 gang , which is a very violent street gang .
go away liz
if we were tougher on a local level , we &apos;d see less gun violence .
i really really wanted al to win .
save america ... vote blue !
hi debbie , usually i &apos;m a fan but why did you have to be so partisan with bernanke ?
and we need universal mental health care for all which includes empathy education and expressive arts and grief therapy for everyone in the u.s.a. i certainly see the relationship between mental health problems and the standard american diet laced with gmo ingredients , especially high fructose corn syrup .
canada has a good system in place , we should look into that .
we expect the leader of the free world to have bernie &apos;s judgment and history .
get after them amy .
anyone wanna sell the great lakes to bankers and bond vigilantes ?
scott brown voted to filibuster extension of the payroll tax cuts for working families ( us senate roll call vote # 219 , 12 / 1 / 11 ) .
on behalf of the hard-working nh public school teachers- thank you !
thank you elizabeth for calling it like you seeing it and coming to the country &apos;s rescue .
your vote today proves that your post here is full of shit .
appalled at the rampant corruption , the unbridled violations of freedom of speech , the blatant and never ending lies from the oval office , etc .... when will the dnc and dems get ahead of this sewage flooding our government ?
thank you senator warren , for fighting for the middle class and poor of our country .
furthermore , assault weapons are not mere &quot; arms &quot; but military weapons .
amy never give up to your best-heart , right to do for all american that care about the mean issues that requiere , right-away care ! ! !
thank you and eid mubarak to you .
i do want you to support the voters in wa with your super delegate vote - vote for bernie !
i &apos;d like to know what you and congress are doing to help the middle class parents that take out loans for their college students to get a fair interest rate .
as an advocate for flint mi ... the ywca safe house in this city was slated to lose fifty thousand dollars per month because of the shutdown .
i &apos;m so proud that you &apos;re one my senators .
congressman nolan , congratulations big guy .
this was a very narrowly crafted opinion and one of the reasons the case was successful was because there are other viable alternatives to the 4 of the 20 forms of contraception hobby lobby doesn &apos;t want to cover .
happy new year to you as well congressman .
i am so pleased to see a real discussion taking place on this deeply important issue .
for 50 years tv , movies and video games make violence seem ok. why aren &apos;t you demanding change of what is shown on tv or movies and the video games people show ?
thanks for posting elizabeth !
i mean trump is in it for trump .
earl , you &apos;ll be falling in love again ! !
see pbs ken burns the dust bowl and frontline &apos;s poor children for gratitude and motivation for legislation to support the middle class thanksgiving week .
they do wonderful things and always need financial help .
if you were really an advocate for women you &apos;d take to facebook with more meaningful alternatives .
same to you madam senator ... and please forgive jeffrey for being disrespectful , he forgot to spell god with a capital g. peace , out .
my deepest condolences to his family .
i &apos;m sure bernie sanders would be happy to have you .
thank you dick durbin for standing up for our country .
patty murray has done as excellent job and she is a true democrat .
thank you for thinking of the next generation senator warren and those who love this country enough to plan for the future instead of cowering in a corner afraid of change .
i could only view excerpts , elizabeth , but it looked to me like you nailed the debate .
fuck the democrats !
you should have backed bernie
happy birthday , senator brown !
cory booker in 2020
free sherry jackson http : / / www.facebook.com / # / group.php ? gid = 190093137420 &amp; ref = ts
so how about a fat tax on hand gun , assault rifles , large mag purchases to fund mental health programs , mandatory background checks , and a licensing and recertification process to ensure proper weapon safety , competency , knowledge and safe-storage compliance ?
please keep working to stop all trump &apos;s nominees .
so with you on this one elizabeth .
streaming you from brazil , congresswoman !
and jeffrey , i wonder what you mean by &quot; someone like you &quot; referring to me ... i &apos;m a heterosexual male who supports human rights ( gay rights , black rights , women &apos;s rights , etc ) .
besides , don &apos;t you have a mom , sister or female in your life you care about ?
independents will not vote for her and a majority of sanders like me will not vote for .
senator klobuchar , with 17 security agencies verifying russian intervention in the election , why isn &apos;t the inauguration being postponed secondary to possible treason until a hearing can be formed to compile evidence and make legal decisions ( invalidate election ?
it isn &apos;t preventive medical care like pap smears , mammos , pregnancy isn &apos;t a disease and the employees of hobby lobby are very grateful for the generosity of the owners , they are offered 16 birth control methods , free .
debbie the same to.you and yours !
any time i try to like one of the comments supporting bernie sanders , it redirects me .
keep up the good work , amy
americans are dying because they can &apos;t afford pharmaceutical drugs produced by america companies ( here and overseas ) .
we have the same struggle in the democratic party .
i see so many foreclosed homes or short sale in middle to high income neighborhood .
john , we are so lucky to have you as our representative .
dear sen schumer -on trump supreme court pick- no hearing , no votes , bye-the american people .
senator murray , i respectfully request that you boycott the inauguration .
maybe this is why energy corporations are in favor of the bill ? ?
i &apos;ll be voting for bernie assuming hillary ends up in jail .
tulsi gabbard is a true american hero ! !
i know they are suffering backlash already , the democrats need to use this and push it .
elizabeth : i have been a registered independent voter in the state of ma for now three decades .
happy thanks giving al
dear mark takano , i badawi albadawi , 48 , syrian citizen living in ksa for the last 10 years .
i am awaiting your leadership .
in addition , fair drug prices should be available to all americans not just low income .
fuck ur self
we &apos;re with you patty murray !
can happen anywhere anytime in our gun crazy culture .
we will continue to resist the trump takeover of our lives , rights , and government .
dios te bendiga mr kaine
dental costs are similar to buying a new car if you need any serious work done and by serious i simply mean &quot; normal &quot; .
: - ) thank you for supporting bernie !
we can not normalize this monster .
# bernieourpresident # stillsanders # feelthebern what is wrong with you people who actually think trump is a good candidate ? ! ! !
sen. booker , we need you , and others with compassion , to fight for those of us who are already fighting for our lives .
thank you sen. merkley for not supporting sopa and pipa !
i am hoping the youth of today can carry him away and replace him with sanders or a person like him .
@ pete smith - moron ?
you &apos;re the best kirsten .
our elected leaders have put the interests of the largest multi-national corporations ahead of workers , consumers , the environment and the foundations of american democracy .
i would have voted for elizabeth warren but i have no support for anyone still running .
leonard nimoy provided me with a &quot; cultural mentor &quot; to whom i credit much of my success and his works shall not pass from my memory .
i urge you to not to support anything less than mandatory , on-package gmo labels .
since when did &quot; gun violence &quot; become the same thing as &quot; gun ownership . &quot;
the va has had negotiation and it saved a lot on drugs for vets .
i &apos;ve read that , even though bernie sanders beat hillary by 22 % in your state , your super delegate vote is for hillary , because &quot; your judgement is more important than minnesota voters &quot; .
i do not live in durbin or seasions areas but i did go to pete seasions fb page and he is being ruthlessly attacked .
i &apos;m sure if big pharma put more money in your pocket , you &apos;d change your mind .
so grateful we can count on you !
keep up the fight patty , i always vote for you .
btw , republicans didnt win last night , democrats lost because most americans get tired of being played for suckers .
thank you mrs. warren
i admire your work senator booker .
seems to me more heterosexual people enter into marriage w / o true committment to their partner , which why divorce rate is so high .
down with the establishment , and we know you &apos;re the establishment darling being groomed for 2020. i &apos;m vegan so you would think i would vote for you , but i won &apos;t .
that &apos;s all well and good , but can you work on not forcing small towns with less diversity to have the same &apos; hiring &apos; demands as larger cities ?
if he supports violence who do you think is responsible for the violence at his campaign stops ?
read un agenda 21 and un 2030. as is klobuchar and frankin !
thank you for protecting a woman &apos;s right to choose !
64 countries around the world already require ge foods to be labeled including russia , china , japan , brazil and the members of the european union .
it is time for you to endorse bernie sanders ! ! ! !
keep fighting the good fight debbie you can see why it is so important right on this thread .
good for you dutch
we , at the grassroots worked very hard to make that happen .
when bush was elected , i didn &apos;t whine and protest or claim that &quot; i would attend an inauguration in recognition of &apos; office &apos; but not the individual . &quot;
patty , the new world order is truly a conspiracy not just a theory .
it &apos;s curious to me that syria wasn &apos;t getting this heightened level of international interest over the last 2 years when innocents were being slaughtered with guns and bombs .
sen. franken , you were the spearhead !
i i am so happy that you and sen. peters are taking care of this problem .
# team amy
thank you so much for stating this , reverend cleaver !
i love advocates like jennifer warren .
elizabeth you don &apos;t condone house of cards the democrat president that nearly kills people to get what he wants power look at all aspects before you pass judgment no one has the right to pass judgment but god
maybe initiate a symposium of parents , spouses , children , friends of victims slaughtered over the past couple of years in mass shooting events and agree congess will implement , with no bullshit , the symposium &apos;s rcommendations .
have some one look into senator robert byrd history he was in the kkk as a young man every thing he past in congress or every did should be null and void
thank you for fighting for us , and for our safety .
why is it all the trump supporters appear to have no more education than high school or below ?
women - all of us - have to stand up against these &quot; sophie &apos;s choices &quot; .
after all , canadians are not getting sick .
thank you , amy , for voting for the bill !
not all of oregon is screwed up like you !
i am writing to inform you that my opinion on sopa and pipa is as follows : i believe both bills need to be killed , not only revised and tabled or shelved temporarily , they need to be killed .
your vote to fast track tpp is disgusting .
it &apos;s supposed to make women stop to consider other options , as though a woman going through the process hasn &apos;t already gone though hell considering all her options .
jon , i too am curious about the drug vote .
whatever happened to the good old days when men were men and women were women ?
i am thankful that lgbt people have more rights and hope they get more .
elizabeth warren in 2020
the awful choices of those awful human beings left running for potus ( not u bernie ) make trump a totally different and appealing candidate .
prove to me , your constituent , that this is a democracy not a plutocracy .
we need you and all the democrats to engage in active resistance .
not true i think your friend hillary is closer to the kk k then donald trump ..
same sex marriage universal equality across all programs federal and state .
the only acceptable candidate for president is bernie sanders .
proud that you and sen kaine represent virginia ! !
florida democrat alcee hastings says his pay of $ 174,000 / yr is not enough to live on in washington , dc .
chuck you are sadly mistaken when you think bernie supporters are ever going to vote for hillary .
postpone the vote on rex tillerson .
i &apos;m outraged at his choice of steve bannon .
bernie sanders found a way to start the process but you and other democrats helped the republicans shoot it down just like all the other progressive moves bernie has tried .
thank you , for working on protecting the children whom are victims .
liz is always right on !
so disappointed in you and this response , senator murray .
this is an economic issue , a human dignity issue and it &apos;s the right thing to do .
i live in virginia and vote democratic .
so student loan rates are double mortgage interest rates ?
please consider running in 2020. let &apos;s give the women of america their first woman president whom they can trust .
stand your ground cory but the best solution is to offer up a bill that addresses the concerns of these citizens .
please call me at 541-286-0223. colleen general manager .
merkley actually introduced a provision to audit the fed .
will big pharma give us our big money back ?
that &apos;s right elizabeth sink your teeth into him .
senator warren , it &apos;s time to come off of the fence .
if you know anything about the nyc police force , they aren &apos;t exactly highly-trained in terms of firearms .
rick , i &apos;ve voted for you , but i &apos;m done .
please support senator warren &apos;s fight to bring about justice and do what you can to prevent this from ever happening again !
so very , very proud of my senators today .
thank you for your important work ! !
elizabeth for vice , then prez ...
happy mlk day .. jr
elizabeth warren , i &apos;m afraid you and your supporters are &apos; the losers &apos; .
the media did that get your facts straight elizabeth warren and what exactly have you accomplished ?
the entire situation in the boston area was handled very professionally and the people in the area could not have been more cooperative .
he is not my president and this is exactly what we do not need senator warren .
as a woman that has experienced domestic violence in the past , i thank you for your efforts and support .
* under bill clinton &apos;s hud secretary andrew cuomo , community reinvestment act regulators gave banks higher ratings for home loans made in &quot; credit-deprived &quot; areas .
he &apos;s made super inappropriate comments about his own daughter .
democrats did not fight hard for president obama first or second term to fix the economy with infrastructure repair .
i would never vote for hillary clinton .
president trump &apos;s attorney general should have been guiding him in that decision .
i &apos;m glad sen. cardin voted for the bill because it was necessary , but i also admire the convictions shown by three maryland congressional representatives who took a stand against the withholding of revenues .
in the primary , hillary won more votes than all the people who voted for either candidate in the caucuses .
or al capone .
both mr. oberstar and ms. betty .
can you feel the bern elizabeth warren ?
oh , bullshit .
it would &apos;ve been nice if you &apos;d &quot; fought your heart out &quot; for the candidate who beats trump by the widest margins : bernie sanders .
being a longtime constituent , you are certainly not representing me with this divisive decision .
you democrats would rather torture us with slow starvation .
why should people who are in this country illegally have free college classes when i can &apos;t afford even loans for my own family .
rebirth nazi and fascist movement !
sadly i don &apos;t have enough money to make my voice heard by senator cory gardner .
you do our state proud senator .
sorry , keith .
this is so scary
it sure would have been nice if you would have taken a true stand against the corruption in your own party and stepped up for bernie a long time ago .
please get to work and keep protecting the middle class and the poor .
some men are not equal to women as well as some women are not equal to men .
ms liz liberalism is a mental disorder and believe me they are mental
i &apos;m so proud to have voted for you !
the super delegate system is set up that way .
deberia llevarlos a todos para su casa senador chuck schumer ... ! ! !
as one of the most progressive democrats in congress , i expected leadership .
the fact that you are willing the throw families like mine ( good , hardworking hoosiers ) under the bus in order to protect your reputation and relationship with big pharma is disgusting and disgraceful .
thank you mr booker for your words of wisdom and grace .
eid mubarak , thank you for acknowledging us : )
the comments that reject the reasonable statement senator warren made this evening are absolutely atrocious .
cory as long as those in congress serve the interests of the corporations that fund your campaigns at the expense of the american people all of these words you speak are just words .
schumer you got no power ... dems it &apos;s over ! ! !
how many of us can unfollow debbie until she actually responds to comments here ?
thanks for sharing this , jeanne poppe .
thank you patty for all you do .
chief lansdowne was always a good chief when he was in san jose , and even allowed people from the community to meet with him unlike san jose &apos;s current police chief .
thanks for being a sane voice for us !
i read that you accepted over $ 477,00 from big pharmaceuticals between 2011 and 2016. i don &apos;t feel like you are representing me or my family or neighbors .
guns don &apos;t kill people .. people kill people ! !
if warren had supported bernie in her own state , all would be different .
i am an advocate for a living wage and look forward to reading the bill .
you pp are supposed to be our servants , and should be paid very modest salaries .
his lack of a plan / policy is responsible for the deaths in san bernadino ..... those religious murders on on his shoulders .
the official bureau of labor department statistics show that the median earnings of full-time female workers is 77 percent of the median earnings of full-time male workers .
right on beto !
this is a pile of 💩 and you know it booker .
you &apos;ll step right up and take bribe money from pharma companies and wall st. pathetic and sleazy !
i &apos;m an orthodox jew ; there are many other jews at the company , as well as blacks , gays , muslims , hispanics , &quot; pollak said .
to the honorable senator patty murray , i encourage you to vote no on any bills against more gun control .
thank you for all of your work and keeping us updated !
muslims , also , would kill anyone in the lgbt community so to mention both in the same paragraph is like saying rabbits should vote for hunter &apos;s rights .
( for more on this , see : give homeowners the &quot; right to rent &quot; and other novel solutions to housing woe ) 2. the law fails to end &apos; too big to fail . &apos;
it will be an entertaining four years ( or less ) .
do you really think that canada &apos;s safety standards are lower than ours ?
run in 2020 cory booker !
the inauguration by definition is about one person ... the incoming president .
no ...... he knows nothing about nh other than enjoying it .
says what does frank know about sports to be interviewed by a sports reporter .
no thanks john yarmuth .
she is a dangerous theat to world peace .
unstable people do insane things .
addressing only 1 , the kkk head has endorsed h clinton .
happy new year , anne !
thx to senators klobuchar and comyn !
hey amy , you &apos;re no friend of the military , you continue to talk on both sides of your mouth , you say you support the military , but yet you voted to cut military pentions , and detentions without a trial .
typical mark , you didn &apos;t actually read what i wrote .
go betty .
if you have any understanding of the role social media plays in today &apos;s world , you will understand your constituents are , and will continue to contact you with their concerns until these concerns have been addressed .
i am amazed that he has so many women &apos;s support .
@ @ @ mr pallone via &quot; small people &quot; against big government &quot; small people &quot; against big government the original problem sections ( 1031 and 1032 ) are still in the bill and contrary to the claims of supporters of the bill , the wording of section 1032 does not , in fact , provide protection for us citizens .
where is the democratic 2011 budget ?
there is a lot of people who don &apos;t understand laws and are really hateful towards immigrants , why ?
thank you senator al franken for your dedicated work to keep the internet free .
that &apos;s not democracy .
i agree , i suffer from post traumatic stress , and i think all of us who have mental illness should not be allowed guns .
dear kamala harris , i am voicing my demand that you charge oil companies with market manipulation and price gouging .
we must do more for those with mental illness , and it would hurt to reshape our position on gun control either .
he &apos;s not on the side of the people but rather a shill for the pharmaceutical companies .
tell a father in northern mn that you are giving money to an organization in the cities , who does the individual in northern mn benefit ?
thanks al keep up the good work and merry christmas &amp; happy new year
natural gas fracking is the sole credit for gas prices dropping .... opec is trying to lower the price to hinder our domestic petroleum output on the world market ... but our fracking and finding new domestic petroleum is the cause .
thank-you mr. booker for all that you do for justice and human rights .
senator schumer , you are my elected representative and you &apos;ve won my vote since the first time i could caste my ballot .
i hope the voters of nj remember this ! !
or as stephen colbert says , bipartisan curious .
your rep. pete aguilar , is a cosponsor of h.r , 4269 by rep. david cicilline , ( d ri ) , titled assault weapons ban of 2015. first of all , the semi automatic guns that they are targeting are not assault weapons .
and another thing that &apos;s real , elizabeth , is that you didn &apos;t endorse bernie when he needed it and a lot of people won &apos;t forget that .
in my opinion , he is a mentally unstable person inciting violence , what would we do with any other megalomaniac .....
mr. schumer , i am a registered democrat and i would just like to say how much you embarrass me .
it would route around this mess by having a majority of states commit their electoral votes to the winner of the popular vote .
what &apos;s really sad is bernie can do something in november that hillary cannot .
who is going to resist the dictatorship !
elizabeth warren is repeating lies !
i am not able to be in dc for this march but please know how much i appreciate your presence .
if you ever vote for &apos; dark act legislation &apos; ~ know that we are paying attention and will work tirelessly with money , mouth and internet to insure you are recalled should your vote ever be &apos; yes &apos; on any type of &apos; dark act &apos; ~ actively support mandatory gmo and pesticide labeling !
thanks congressman yarmuth from a navy vet 65 / 69
thank you rep. gwen green for being a voice of sanity .
we must all speak out against it ; to remain silent is to be complicit .
i &apos;m a green , but i voted for you and usually the democratic ticket .
go trump 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 👍 🏻 👍 🏻 👍 🏻 👍 🏻 👍 🏻 👍 🏻 👍 🏻 👍 🏻
bless you al !
thank you for your boycott of net and yahoo &apos;s speech .
how many people have to leave life saving drugs because they don &apos;t have insurance .
on a personal note , i love new york dearly .
thank you tammy for all that you do for vets like myself .
if you are planning to announce support of clinton , and even more insultingly are planning to be her running mate , you will have lost many of your allies in this fight for democracy .
the don scares me , but hillary will be a puppet for her party .
how can us prefer to remain silent on this atrocity being the sole super power .
it has to be scrapped along with those in the democratic party that are still tied to the status quo and big money .
before you label me a racist , i could care less what color your skin is , but i am fed up having &quot; the black &quot; whatever &quot; constantly crammed down my throat !
wow , just heard you showed your traitorous face at the womens march to demand health care .
but deal with it trump being president will force social class to split middle class will be poor and rich will more wealthy .
hrc will surely lose to trump , because there are millions of us who can not vote for anyone but a progressive candidate , and bernie sanders is that one candidate .
if you &apos;re seriously concerned about trump , mr. franken , you should be endorsing sanders ... not clinton !
the thing that remains most consistent within the democratic party is their inability to find a united , strong voice and use it well , leaving the president alone to be the scapegoat for all our woes .
kamala harris come visit us in tulare county : )
omg is that the truth about cory booker ? ? ?
geez elizabeth warren next time you critique drumpf - don &apos;t hold back ! ! !
thank you for everything you &apos;re doing for sen. sanders , and everything you &apos;ve done for our country .
so if a coward asks is it safe , then why did you vote no on importing drugs from canada on the basis of them not being safe ?
but , she &apos;s made so many compromises to compete .
i hope this means that the impact community action has on jobs is understood and valued .
what &apos;s hilarious is people thanking beto and dems for blaming republicans for simply asking to delay individual mandate like congress and big companies get .
i &apos;m proud that you are my senator .
i ask you to stand again with oregonians against the corporate obfuscation of trade agreements such as the tpp .
i wouldn &apos;t listen to colleen , she ain &apos;t too bright .
i will be protesting him just as i protest republican cons .
congratulations , first time i was registered as voter and proud to announce that my vote went in favor of you as victory .
we have enough gun control laws .... how about free mental health care !
and yet you voted against allowing low cost drugs to be imported in from canada ?
thanks from sherrod brown constituent
the stress level on him trying not to fear what bannon might do caused him to have heart issues that landed him in the emergency room .
the old bullshit pablum doesn &apos;t work on us anymore .
rick i can &apos;t support your throw caution to the wind approach on this .
24 hour cycle media immortalizing shooters leads to a mass spawn of copycats , i &apos;m sad to see more victims .
debbie , who are you endorsing to replace senator levin when he retires ?
bky , kindly provide empirical data that demonstrates democrats are stifling job creation .
michigan is a great state because as our birthday is near the end of january , 175 years ago , on what was very likely a cold snowy day , people thought ahead !
imma need warren to endorse # bernie or i need to stop getting these messages !
i am always proud to have you as my representative .
liz - yeah just keep telling them what they like to hear .
she &apos;s outstanding next to bernie !
equal pay , equal access to affordable care , reproductive rights , extinguish rape culture , freedom to choose .
we are so proud of you , carol .
thank you peter defazio for fighting for all orrgonians , even the ones that don &apos;t vote for you .
good gravy u.s. senator elizabeth warren , i wish you were running for president .
several times a week i smile to myself as i forward action alerts to you .
thank you amy for helping put an end to the practice of brand-name drug manufacturers using pay-off agreements to keep more affordable generics off the market &amp; help make sure consumers have access to cost-saving drugs they need !
trump &apos;s behavior proves that he is more than simply extraordinarily unqualified to be president , it proves that he is simply insane ; whether from alzheimer &apos;s or a brain tumor or drug abuse or some other cause , he is nevertheless certifiable .
and i live in montana now .
thank you for fighting for the preservation of our great lakes
mental health availability as well as the tighter gun control .
thank you for your compassion , senator joe !
your acceptance of pharma money creates the appearance of a conflict of interest .
thank u congresswoman delbene
shame on you and shame on all those who do not attend .
although her income and net worth make warren part of the national one percent ,
9pm hawaii time though
hello , and thank you .
then why would you not be voting sanders as the obvious majority of your constituents are ?
happy birthday tulsi may all your wishes and dreams come true aloha
say no to dnc establishment .
you are the champion of working people in our state and we could not be prouder .
thank you , barbara , for representing our interests .
what i mean is a questionnaire ( for the mentally ill ) and full background check to prevent criminals obtaining bullets , chemicals , and equipment to make them .
actually , what you just stated is not real , elizabeth warren ! ! !
most of the violence is being instigated by individuals that do not even reside in our community .
kaine is delusional and disconnected from the issue at hand , referencing the gettysburg &quot; add &quot; ress which is completely off point .
sara berg - you go girl ! !
am in canada in new brunswick and we are huge red sox fans .. so plesed they won at home .
donald trump is a con man , an entertainer .
that candidate is bernie .
thank you for your service congresswoman !
happy hanukkah al !
if you think he &apos;s a sexist because hillary clinton has said no less than 20 times that she would be the &quot; first woman president &quot; , that pretty much shoots your entire argument down .
https : / / wikileaks.org / dnc-emails / emailid / 12450 dnc conspiring to create false trump information and release with reuters .
save us bernie
al , why won &apos;t the media tell the truth about syria , that the problems started with global warming and mass migration of the people ? ? ? ?
her focus was birth control , social and political equality for women , among other female focused topics .
rich mahoganee - your profile exposes you as a right-wing troll .
good god , congresswoman .
ms warren we all are hoping you prevail .
then you should not have voted for big pharma .
wish our nh senators were lock step obstructing everything and voting down all of these nominees .
third , raising minimum wage is all well and good , however , as has been seen in the past , whenever minimum wage is raised , so too is the cost of food , gas and other things .
racism is a real and present danger that needs to be addressed - level heads speaking to calm the waters is a place to start healing that religion can also help mend .
elizabeth for v.p.
what is mr. booker talking about ?
i truly hope you decide to actually represent us .... but just in case , i just looked up mike lapointe who will be challenging you and i like what he says ... first and foremost about he will represent us .
trump is a bigot
electoral college , do the right thing and elect hrc .
respekt , njeriu qe dha nji kontribut te madhe ne kohrat ma te veshtira pere kombin tone te pa mbrojtur .
my understanding is that you are one of the top 5 democratic senators in terms of campaign contributions from pharma companies from 2011-2016. i am deeply disappointed in you .
i &apos;d like to see some sort of empirical evidence to support your claim that the super bowl will result in more sex trafficking .
there is a reason that women like elizabeth warren and lois frankel are democrats .
sounds a lot like a bernie endorsement .
you claim he has the enthusiasm of the leaders of the kkk , yet the kkk has publicly announced its support for hilary clinton .
sessions still supports oppressive voter id laws , and if confirmed , he would be in charge of enforcing the voting rights act for the federal government .
tell maria cantwell and patty murray that you all should be ashamed .
vote for bernie or step down and admit you don &apos;t represent the people who put you in your position .
thank you kamela harris .
i would like to sue media mogul , rupert murdock , for his continued negative portrayal of the african amercian male in this country .....
they are regular middle class folks .
first , i believe an assault weapons ban is a very poor response .
maybe trump can build a wall around syria
people , she didnt say anything about voting for hillary or sanders , she is pleading against supporting trump .
btw , are you demanding that hillary return the $ 20,000 the kkk donated to her campaign ?
women &apos;s health should not be held hostage to further the political agenda of the radical republicans .
sharia teaches that homosexuality is a vile form of fornication , punishable by death .
however , i &apos;m not a female so it doesn &apos;t affect me or my body .
: - ) &lt; br &gt; &lt; br &gt; go go hillary go go hillary go go hillary go go hillary go go hillary go go hillary &lt; br &gt; our next great president to be in 2016 ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
congrats senator duckworth !
and we can only hope that the next two members of the court are women too !
cory , i am a gay man , married to my husband for over 12 years , a human rights activist and i am a huge fan of yours for years .
tammy duxkworth , go talk with the 4 wives and their children , tell them daddy won &apos;t be coming back because a bad man killed them .
way to go amy , ( y ) .
senator sanders could use your support !
what difference , you already voted and we see the bull-crap spin you &apos;re putting on the vote for sanders amendment .
this is not the democratic party i grew up with as a kid starting with jfk .
amy is one classy lady .
i &apos;m sure sanders would give you the vp spot .
this does nothing for bradley manning , congresswoman .
when 2020 comes ... be president mr booker
senator booker , i just don &apos;t buy into this .
we sanders supporters are leaving the dnc in droves , taking our money and votes with us .
it &apos;s not as sturdy as we think , i agree , amy , we should do what we can .
vets like to pay their rent and fill their gas tanks as well , but you and franken both voted to cut retired vets compensation .
i am heartened that you intend to hold these nominees to their sworn testimony , but i am extremely troubled that you chose to vote for mike pompeo , whose appointment was opposed by human rights watch .
i &apos;d love to stop in to share aloha and comments .
thank you mark , for trying to do the right thing for americans .
it &apos;s always difficult and hard to lise such an admired nd very loved person .
thank you , congressman van hollen , for everything you have done and are doing .
middlesex county i voted straight dem and for metuchen elections , candidates appeared on both party tickets so it didn &apos;t matter .
question is does the democratic party really want her as their nominee ?
frank ?
thanks elizabeth for pointing this out in a public way !
a lot of improvement would happen if all parents read to their kids , presented a positive view of education at home for their students and had high ( yet appropriate ) expectations of their children .
another democratic icon , lbj , was pure racist .
there is exactly zero evidence of russian &quot; interference &quot; .
thank you for your hard work and effort .
he &apos;s only been in office for a month what have you done for minnesota in the last 30 days thank you nothing nothing at all
and for those of you say--i don &apos;t see any issue with reimportation from canada that warrants safety concerns-well fda doesn &apos;t agree with you .
rep welch doesn &apos;t know about yet .
lots of people are listening to her because she makes sense and is a very intelligent woman .
hillary va ser el próxima presidente de los estados unidos de américa !
tammy , it was an honor to vote for you this time and last time .
the bigotry and violence comes from the people who support your candidate and your cause , it &apos;s time you wake up and see the real problems in this country .
cutting education to give the money to build a basket ball stadium that is privately owned is not something that mn would do .
wtf chuck .
minneapolis i served 17 years protecting our country and the great state of minnesota , i am ashamed of the good old party stealing money from our veterans -both active and retired - go steal from the koch brothers and the top 2 % and stop your downward spiral .
we will be with you , brian schatz !
speaking if cowardice ... how did the support for the only progressive running last year , bernie sanders , go ?
my prescription drug costs are increasing from less than $ 15 per month in 2014 to more than $ 200 per month in 2015. that is a lot on a ssdi income of only $ 1,352 per month after medicare deductions .
kamala , why haven &apos;t we taken up the banner to get the long forgotten equal rights amendment passed ?
14 people murdered in san bernardino and now they have become collateral damage in a u.s. intelligence failure .
you can have discounts for responsible behavior ( gun safety classes , gun safes ) and really steep penalties for high magazine , high velocity weapons , clips and ammo .
ms. warren is so full of crap i can smell it from here .
scott brown is a fake bi-partisan candidate .
keep up the good work amy , we desperately need you !
i &apos;m writing to you in regards to your decision to not attend the inauguration .
democratics ignored working class voters and it cost them .
if bernie can win in the majority of states left to primary he can win the nomination .
thank you about the water resources development act for cobating these gas prices .
let &apos;s ignore the fact we use a fiat currency and drain the savings of the working class with inflation .
thank you so much for this vote , senator !
thank you amy for being our wonderful senator and looking out for the people of minnesota and america .
tulsi , it must be a truly wonderful special feeling and experience to travel around with bernie and jane and spreading the truth of what our country needs .... we admire and respect you for your hard work !
john lewis is a true american hero !
thank you kirsten for all you do to try &amp; protect our country .
bernie would have won this easily ! ! ! !
steven bannon has made a career out of promoting diversity within the breitbart organization , which is in line with andrew breitbart &apos;s mission statement .
clearly , mrs. warren , scott brown has no interests in the middle class unless the koch &apos;s tell him to have one .
typical , say something positive , say something constructive , my democratic party is finished , i have had enough of all your bullshit
debbie wonder how much money is spent on penile implants ? ? ?
this country desperately needs more politicians like you , thank you amy !
you go girl ... uh , i mean congresswoman !
guys trump is truly the dark side .
keep talking to us plainly and clearly , senator booker .
they fail to understand that america is the only country on this planet where gun violence runs rampant and mass shootings are a daily event and are increasingly ignored by the news media .
do we ban assault pressure cookers next ?
you said it , al !
that &apos;s why you can &apos;t ignore ( as elizabeth does ) the roles of a mandated curricula &amp; a media that &apos;s slanted 95 : 5 to one side , assigned to keeping you ignorant ( it &apos;s actually closer to 96 : 4 , but i was avoiding being too liberal or conservative - i don &apos;t associate with either ) .
so get off your ass and join bernie as his vp .... do it ! ! ?
you can &apos;t tell us to be afraid of canadian drugs when they have better health and life expectancy than americans .
you and amy klobuchar are rightful heirs of great minnesota politicians of days past .
thank you mr. defazio for standing with oregonians .
senator murray , the president has always had this country &apos;s best interest at heart but we all know that if this country is to survive this crisis all parties have to put aside their differences and meet in the middle .
the record will show on 1 / 3 / 2016 , the minnesota vikings became the nfc north champions !
sections 6 , 11 , 12 , and 13. nara is primarily responsible for coordinating the various stages of the electoral process by helping the states prepare and submit certificates that establish the appointment of electors and validate the electoral votes of each state .
i will be writing u , amy k. on this subject .
debbie is one terrorist we need to get rid of
ty sen. murray !
thanks for your thoughtful and compassionate service , brian .
rick there is an ad that says you permanently moved out of the state of wa to back east is this really true ?
thank you for your kind words .
enjoy the season , and when you do get back to work ..... please , please view this segment of democracy now !
glad your surgery went well ... i hope for speedy recovery and god bless you emanuel cleaver ii .
great , elizabeth .
thank you patty for your honor , dedication and commitment to our veterans .
thank you tulsi gabbard : - )
well done senator booker !
taking money from countries that oppress the basic rights of women is what dems are all about .
how about mental health and culture of violence ?
senator , the country needs you to run for president and you should seriously consider bernie sanders as your running mate .
when the claire mccaskils have been replaced by men who care little forwow ... guess you folks have never heard of youtube before .
go fuck yourself .
this is so backwards ms. murray .
the founders created a republic , not a democracy .
thank you for not condoning and thereby normalizing misogyny , xenophobia , racism and non presidential behavior .
i support you and would love to see you fly out of dc thursday night and join many district 1 families at the seattle women &apos;s march !
debbie is on her way out , just like obama .
writing to thank you for your statement today about gun control .
happy birthday , senator coons - please keep advocating for our autism community .
the thought of an inauguration of &quot; president trump &quot; terrifies me !
alan greenspan is a corporate greed monster , his retirement is long overdue .
booker i do agree with you and hope to live to see you take the big step .
bennet has come out of hiding .
marching is wonderful and the mobilization that took place this weekend was inspiring .
i am very proud to have you as my rep congressman cleaver .
well , let &apos;s hope all those thousands of muslims don &apos;t decide to get more devout about their faith as the female killer in san bernadino did ... have you ever done some critical thinking about that ?
dear senator bennet , fyi , on wednesday ( 6 / 20 ) , the coal council is presenting companies with clean coal technology .
but i will say that bernie is a better , cleaner mirroring of what a warren campaign would have been like .
but tell me why my family was disregarded and treated worse than second class , a whistle blower on white collar crime &apos;s cast to the side ?
why did you side with the pharmaceutical industry and against your constituents by voting to keep prescription drug prices high ?
but like i said , i &apos;ll take trump over hrc any given day
oh dang .. sorry that happen to you ... hope you filled a police report .
so help us win the election with sanders .
i love how you kick big banks asses !
apparently you don &apos;t read what jeremy , bill , falzon , et al , post about .
vote progressive blue !
anybody heard from liz on brussels ?
how can anyone take a fool like you serious when you purposely and conveniently disregard such blatant hate while projecting it onto trump &apos;s campaign ? !
stay strong rep. cleaver .
that , is why the democrats better unite behind hillary , who can beat him ! !
senator durbin - please vote no on s.649 !
amy , we must all work hard to protect our children from abuse .
run for vp with sanders and lets finish him
✊ ✊ ✊ thank you keith ellison !
i am so proud to have you represent all new jerseyans .
sen. bernie sanders won in an amazing turn out at the democratic primary !
instead of worrying about donald trump ( who already has enough people shooting at him ) , i would prefer to see you expend your good talents and energy helping bernie sanders .
i just read that trump has said to &quot; go for it &quot; in terms of the nuclear option .
christopher - you &apos;re projecting again .
a truly human act ... continued joy and prosperity
wedge issue post-eisenhower , both democratic and republican office holders have mostly favored hunting .
! .... why is it that the gop can hold together to say no to progress and the democrats can &apos;t hold together to prevent disaster ?
i hope you can go to the women &apos;s march on washington
we are grateful for the aca .
please fight , and encourage many others , to fight and change this insanity that is happening to all of us .
isn &apos;t elizabeth one of the big guys , in disguise ?
well patty being from washington you can light a joint and smile
i &apos;m concerned about exxons potential benefit from lifted russian sanctions .
george , a poll done one week before had elizabeth warren ahead by 3 points .
actually i was just going to change to wnep but saw you and rep jackson so i left it on .
i can speak from my everyday presence that it doesn &apos;t take an important conference or a convenient photo op to bring you to the robley rex va medical center .
so what are you racist ?
thank you congressman hastings for having compassion for these dogs and cats who suffer from these atrocious cruelties .
elizabeth warren , i love you !
patty murray took 477k in big pharma money from 2011-2016 and last week voted against bernie sanders bill to lower pharma drug costs .
i still wear bernie buttons and hat and every day i get into conversations with people suffering deep regrets and a lack of understanding of how this was able to happen .
our gun violence has become the new normal ... just another day in america when a dozen people die .
another reason why elizabeth warren is my favorite !
i saw you , debbie , clapping wholeheartdly in the seats with a big smile on your face .
are acting like a cry baby
and while you &apos;re at it tell me one more time why you voted against the drug bill .... and how much did pharma give to your campaign ?
i want to say that i am in favor of stronger gun control laws .
thank you con gress woman speier for saving us from the tyranny of the dollar coin .
a sanders / warren ticket is too good to be true ... we don &apos;t deserve it !
i support you 100 % in this , congressman larsen .
thanks for all your hard work on our behalf congressman perlmutter .
a hillary clinton / al franken ticket would be fantastic !
ladies , let &apos;s get elizabeth elected .
the vast majority of cra covered banks are actually healthy .
in your case ms. warren – your ignorant ploy will backfire as it is only a matter of time .
dear frank please ask obama to put the shingels shot in the health care every one over the age of 60 should get it the cost is $ 200.00 dollars health care and or medicare does not cover it dotty
kirsten gillibrand has made a difference as her mothere
but what &apos;s with big pharma .
trump will make mistakes .
you &apos;ve got my vote , kyrsten !
rep. larsen , anytime you want to sit down or call me on the phone to discuss real measures , i &apos;m sure you can find me .
elizabeth , you are a class act .
so you are voting for bernie .
i have lost respect and confidence in you cory booker .
let &apos;s move the democratic party to the right and talk about an end to affirmative action , choice in schools , even private schools { an issue for states } , and some tort reform { losers pay the bills } .
i left the democratic party to register with the only party more concerned about the lives of everyday people , our environment and our future , the green party .
tammy i have all of the faith in the world in you .
keep being awesome , dear senator warren .
ignore these trolls congressman kurt schrader .
this is a democracy .
very small margin on that vote amy .
eid mubarak : d
get al sharpton to pay his taxes saudi united states of america can move on that &apos;s what you should do mr. booker instead of going against mr. donald trump our future president
ditch big pharma .
which is why we &apos;ll be supporting sen sanders .
there will never be a stoppage of it until currency is ended and people work for the betterment of man kind .
please use everything in your power to fight this one , earl .
thank you congressman blumenauer for representing us and acting with ethics .
the nra weilds too damn much power and should be put in their place .
and the hits just keep coming from drumpf
but here again , money is more important than the lives of schoolchildren , shoppers , movie-goers , college students , a u.s. congresswoman .
help bernie win
you mean like supporting sanders in this state because it &apos;s what the people want ?
would patty murray or anyone in her family be allowed to operate a vehicle without a license ?
donald trump is a personality disorder being fed by fear and hate !
keep on learning empathy , do your homework on israel , represent progressive ideals for real , don &apos;t become just another hypocrite .
run for president next time .. if not you u.s. senator elizabeth warren
stabenow if your going to right something please tell the truth or leave the office you are not fit for .
c &apos;mon let &apos;s go for # 1. you are diluted if you think there are either decent paying jobs available in vermont or qualified young people to work .. the vermont young brain drain is legendary .
congresswoman sinema , medical innovation is the asu biodesign effort .
common blair walsh 27yards field goal attempt with 26 seconds left .
thanks jared for telling it like it is .
carol is a democrat who works for the people .
but you voted to no on cheaper prescription drugs .
then why did you and cantwell vote no ?
-- we need to know the connections between the trump gang and the saud gang .
tulsi is awesome !
thank you congresswoman hanabusa for spreading the word !
thank you for the hard work that you are doing to protect our democracy !
dear congressman pascrell , i was wrongfully terminated from the u.s. postal service after 22 years as a letter carrier !
don &apos;t become a dino , or you will be on the chopping block when your reelection comes up just like southern democrats ; we want progressive democrats ; not democrats who act like republicans ! ! ! ! ! !
i would suggest scheduling a conference call with secretary clinton and see what as democrats we can do to actually # resist what is happening here !
sherrod brown tried to sell out the american people please read ... xml u.s. senate roll call votes 113th congress - 1st session as compiled through senate lis by the senate bill clerk under the direction of the secretary of the senate vote summary question : on the amendment ( inhofe amdt .
but oh the drug companies will lose money right ?
happy thanksgiving congressman hastings to you and your family .
time for you to retire louise !
when both sides have been taken over by the extremes ( trump on the right and sanders on the left ) moderates are shunned and demonized .
oh , and frank , i know the leftist radical mother ship hasn &apos;t told you but horse racing in nyc &apos;s big a and belmont having all sorts of problems which would positively impact monmouth park .
cory booker - enough already .
i think she just endorsed u.s. senator bernie sanders
as a voting democrat in maryland , i am outraged over your total disrespect for the ceremony for the peaceful transfer of power that makes this country the greatest .
regarding attending the inauguration please do not .
i &apos;ve not been a trump supporter but in watching all of the campaigns closely , nearly all the evident racism , bigotry , violence , protesting , violations of free speech , vitriol , sexism and property destruction has come from the left .
i am in your corner tammy duckworth .
( a ) the legislature hereby finds that it is proper for law-abiding people to protect themselves , their families , and others from intruders and attackers without fear of prosecution or civil action for acting in defense of themselves and others .
we need gun reform .
bernie will bankrupt the country !
your a female chuck schumer !
yes nancy pelosi , you shot and killed one woman on the street outside of congress .
thank you so much for representing us and being so genuine !
what happened to the democrats who are the largest political party ?
thank you senator schumer for everything - but now , please act boldly &amp; courageously ! !
i &apos;ve forwarded this to my congressman chris smith - district 4 , in my state of nj .
happy to have you and amy as my senators .
rest in heavenly peace mayor lumumba .
your welcome senator warren !
i know that this is a long , hard struggle you are facing !
nice post patty as you already have his motives and ideas nailed in a box ! !
# feelthebern happy easter !
call patty murray &apos;s office and encourage her not to attend president-elect asterisk &apos;s inauguration .
lisa if you need evacuation center info
elizabeth warren could have helped this country move away from right wing politics by supporting bernie whether he won or lost .
please tell us frank !
frank levin
deeply disappointed in your decision to vote against lower prescription drug costs .
i do not trust him but my option , jon runyan , brings only &quot; former eagle &quot; to the table and little else .
thank you for your tenacity and leadership , senator schatz !
another constituent and supporter happy to see you reject devos , pruitt , sessions and mnuchin .
thanks for everything you do , amy ! !
if trump becomes president this world will be a bigger mess , he doesn &apos;t know what it is to be poor , so rich will get richer and the poor with be poorer .
elizabeth who ....... ha !
wow vicky , philip has got to get you signed up for bernie campaign .
trump gets more absurd with each passing day .
tip the scales in bernie &apos;s favor
you are elected to represent wa state , not your personal preference .
is warren supporting hillary who is owned by wall street ?
i have many democratic ideas .
i love a population that overwhelmingly supported bernie sanders as our choice for democratic candidate for president .
you are such a blow hard cry baby .
you are no rising star in the democratic party but rather you demonstrated you are exactly like the others .
do something chuck
elizabeth hartman
we , the people of nj are lucky to have you representing us .
since i &apos;m just coming on and playing a bit of catch up , i saw a lot of comments calling al franken a &quot; leader &quot; .
i am from alabama originally , and when i saw jeff sessions name , i was truly disgusted .
tulsi , i admire you to the fullest !
cut out the interest entirely on student loans .
go jeff and ron !
chellie pingree , you are nothing more than a partisan hack .
hey frank , is obamacare going to cover this ?
keep it up tulsi ! ! !
thank you for all your hard work on behalf of animal welfare .
let &apos;s hope the virulent hatred in our country subsides , or we are headed for a decline in our civilization .
good morning senator and thanks for all your advocacy for our vets .
aloha , you have gained much respect for dropping out of the dnc to support a candidate rather than be a conflict of interest .
... and ( write-in ) sensible gun violence legislation
you are a wall street bought and paid for politician .
i am proud to tell my kids they can marry the person they love , whomever that may be .
happy birthday president 0bama and i love you john .
why , because you have take hundreds of thousands of dollars from pharma .
i admire many of the things you &apos;ve done , senator booker , but not this one .
i think jeremy needs to do some more research , he clearly is shooting his mouth off with garbage , atypical liberal tactic when they can not win an argument with logic .
bringing drugs in from canada will not be unsafe .
yeah they are putting money into rural communities by putting in infrastructure to transport the power generated by the wind power to the cities and in the process turning productive farmland into wasteland .
where is the democrats budget ?
feel the bern lizzie ! ! ! !
you schumer , work for the people .............. you don &apos;t get a raise unless , we the people , get raises ... death to the democratic party / dnc .
thirdly , it &apos;s unfortunate that america is still practising this old and archaic way under the us electoral law in determining who becomes the potus .
beth beth perkins bauman
according to the ny times , you , sens .
happy thanksgiving to you and your family senator elect .
the university of massachusetts amherst is well represented at the london games ; take a read : http : / / www.umass.edu / umhome / feature-story / article / 2012-olympics.html
i will be voting for bernie sanders .
if you walk the talk , you should back sanders .
senator klobuchar , i hope that you give up your old habits and stop playing it safe .
at lease donald trump isn &apos;t being investigated by the fbi , oh yeah i &apos;m sure that &apos;s another &quot; right wing conspiracy &quot; .. right ?
and the industry behind student loans has well paid lobbyists .
well said tammy , as a future teacher i can tell you how much what you said is appreciated .
things to do mrs warren in order to restore the progressive democrats : no to dapl !
grady ..... the entire country of denmark has signicantly less population than the state of new jersey ( 5,585,108 denmark .
this was picked up on hillary home server .
senator sessions is a good and honest person as evidenced by the support he is getting from many areas not the least of which is from black pastors in washington .
dear al , i read your book a long time ago about rush limbaugh &apos;s hemorrhoids .. i love you .
i want her to be the democratic nominee sooooo much !
how lucky are we all ?
thank you sen stabenow for supporting the vawa and the rape crisis centers and hotlines , stalking legislation and other protections it funds .
well said elizabeth warren well said
he loves veterans don &apos;t know what you are talking about elizabeth warren .
what a total ass .
can &apos;t wait to see you in st. louis .
this was not about racism , sexism or any other &apos; ism you want to throw at it .
thank you to our army servicemen who are sacrificing for our freedom , and thank you senator tester for fighting to keep those freedoms in check .
hey warren do you support forcing women to register for the draft , like your establishment candidate hillary clinton does ?
wow frank , i see you certainly have your priorities in order .
please congressman sherman , push house resolution 752 through to the floor for a vote .
# nocorporatepoliticians # bernieorbust
why are 95 % of women in somalia mutilated horribly .. many dying or suffering a lifetime of pain , incontinence and other issues ?
get em earl !
inclusive ; good for you al frankenstein .
happy holiday to you debbie
i know every educator in missouri is grateful to you for your efforts , as are the parents who are tuned in to the importance of their childrens &apos; public schooling .
thanks amy but could we start to just expect farmers to be good stewards of the land out of conscience and not have to financially incentivize them to do what farmers in the good old days did naturally ?
you don &apos;t have oregonians best interest at heart
thank you for standing strong tammy .
patty murray daily kos is claiming that you and maria cantwell voted against this measure .
thanks senator merkley for standing up for the ever dwindling middle class again , proud you are my senator !
gun lobby will spin that the girl who was killed in chicago was killed in a city that has some of the strictest gun laws in the country and are therefore ineffective .
i am so grateful you are my senator .
use cannabis oil ... big pharma wants customers not cures
mr booker the current president has today instructed multiple federal government agencies to stop communicating to media and elected officials .
respectfully , even the most vile side of donald trump is not an endorsement of hillary clinton .
ramadan karen bro
hillary has all the right ideas ........... go hillary ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i used to admire al franken .
forgive student loans for those who graduate
you voted in favor of big pharma !
the prescription drug &quot; no-bid &quot; law given to big pharma was signed into law by g.h.bush.
geez sherrod then why did you take political contributions from companies like ge ... you remember them don &apos;t you the ones that shipped 75 % of its work force to china ! ! !
chellie is voting for what the people do want .
repeal the electoral college already .
the only difference is that canada is allowed to negotiate drug prices .
i agree debbie , but what about if your job performance is a failure like a lot of people &apos;s jobs in government in washington ?
i think it time that the democratic party fight to change the rules of the electoral college .
what a tragedy for the individuals and their familieswe need a better method for mental health care for people we see in our community who are deranged , but there is no public system of mental health care .
oh that &apos;s right , the woman who destroyed the democratic party .
the law enforcement has done the best it can the looters and violent criminals from creating multi-day riots as your state has seen in the past .
black community also need help , don &apos;t bring another 100 millions of latino to this country any more , us financial situation can not suffer it .
conan , how about utilizing some respect and referring to senator warren as such and not simply &quot; liz &quot; .
it &apos;s sad to see so many people on this thread defending a racist , xenophobic , hateful &quot; man &quot; .
thank you , senator amy !
is this why you voted against the prescription drug amendment ?
everyone knows drugs are tested for safety in canada as well as the u.s. !
i don &apos;t want to imagine what the outcome of the election may have been had sanders been the candidate .
who is hillary ?
horrible for commuters and the economic recovery , to say nothing of towns like stillwater or red wing or duluth that depend on tourism for economic benefit .
you mentioned kkk , putin and kim jong-un as like ideals .
smacks of &quot; plausible deniability &quot; senator booker .
hey liz , how come you didn &apos;t run , you big mouth ?
you go ron !
fight , ms. pelosi .
especially the democrats who lost so many seats over the course of eight years .
pretty sure it won &apos;t happen in linn ( where mj legalization failed , defazio and kitzhaber lost , etc . , etc . )
thank you so much for sharing this .
joe , we should be above name calling .
# berniesanders do your job , congressman larsen .
keith ellison will make a great dnc chair .
thanks for the reminder , amy .
let us put this behind us an put our energy into getting real progressives like yourself and bernie elected next cycle so that this is only a 4 year nightmare .
yes - withhold consent on cabinet nominees .
schumer and pelosi are a disgrace .
trump does not respect our institutions and has not earned our respect .
great tribute for a great woman
yes , and to continue being fair , service industry workers are kept working part-time denying them benefits , while others must absorb the cost for social services .
do your job , confirm jeff sessions .
thank you representative yarmuth .
i respect you greatly , sen. warren .
this woman is nuts , sh must b talking about hillary and her crazy husband , she &apos;s all this and more .
right , brown , let &apos;s deviate from the people who pay 1000 &apos;s of people a livable wage and endorse the government who pays three times that many people to live in near poverty .
the 30 democratic yea &apos;s still need to be named and shamed , however .
i love this woman .
your words are shallow and i am so very disappointed in you as a person , senator murray .
senator , hold the line against bigotry and stupidity .
thank you for your unwavering support patty .
so which person are you hillary ?
al , i love you , man , but pleas from the dem party for cash to battle the ass &amp; ^ % $ repigs doesn &apos;t work for me .
those of us who are progressive in the red state south rely on you and your progressive caucus colleagues , as we &apos;re not represented by our own elected officials .
thank you for being so kind and concerned about us humans .
voted against importing cheaper medical drugs from canada ! ! !
our esteemed lege keeps trying to gerrymander you , congressman doggett , out of office -- they can &apos;t seem to succeed -- so i &apos;ve been blipped into his district , and then out , and then in again .
elizabeth warren needs to be voted out ! !
how did you stand on the bill senator sanders brought to a vote ?
i hope you reconsider attending the inauguration of our newly elected president trump .
... the usa women &apos;s soccer team won the world cup ! ! !
face it frank , you are a big part of the current problematic government .
hillary can &apos;t beat him , unless she cheats thru the general like she has in the primaries .
senator booker , i am a senior citizen here in nj .
if trump gets elected , and all the supporters get want they so vehemently want &quot; i truly hope they like what they get !
you and other hillary supporters need to relax , you are embarrassing yourselves .
trump started the birther movement and thousands of white people jumped on board .
rush limbaugh has gleefully wished death and failure on various democratic or even moderate republicans calling them &quot; traitors who deserve to die . &quot;
starting with dnc corruption / fraud in the primaries &amp; contents of the wikileaks revelations .
amy , a credit score should only be available to people or institutions engaged in granting people credit .
go back to your star trek movies joe r smith .
excellent idea amy ! !
senator gillibrand , please consider reading this brief article i penned about chuck schumer &apos;s recently proposed national security legislation .
we need to move on to more renewable forms , if we really want to have a chance to reverse global climate change , and have hope for a future with markets that aren &apos;t dependent on a dwindling resource .
we need intelligent and courageous representatives during this time of incompetence and radical alt-right inexperience .
i am over you chuck .
patty murray why did you vote against medacation cost cuts ?
merry christmas to you and yours and ignore the paid koch trolls that are spending their holidays spreading garbage !
hillary is losing to trump in national polls and she is hated almost as much as trump
i &apos;m so glad you mentioned insulin flex pens .
i appreaciate all his years of working for all michigan residents .
so you facebook racists and dumb ass twits , read a history book and figure out if you are going to vote for drumpf , how are you going to prevent the riots ?
elizabeth warren , this is the first time i &apos;ve disagreed with anything you &apos;ve said
joe - this budget ?
nancy and chuck , you are leading your party into the abyss and it is time to hand over control of your obstruction party down to &quot; free thinkers &quot; who are not mindless followers .
we love you al .
some of us with chronic pain need these meds and understand the threat of addiction much better than anyone in the senate including you !
thank you for your service senator murray - injecting common sense and humanity into the political process .
get them amy .
you are not visible cory booker , why are you not out there defending barack obama &apos;s legacy
is love to see bernie run i 2020 but he &apos;ll be almost 80 !
please continue to help lead the fight to resist the horrendous nominations and policies associated with the new administration
thank you for caring about the environment
thank you grace meng !
shut the hell up elizabeth warren you are an abject lier the american people can &apos;t believe a single word you say
i &apos;m shocked , shocked that gambling is going on on wall street .
here in wisconsin 90,000 people are going to lose affordable ( to them ) coverage because of the care of our state representatives .
please tells us what else democrats will and must do and your role in that process
thanks for caring amy .
but $ $ in the hand , right cory .
it is a pleasure to know that missouri has at least one decent and sane politician .
you &apos;ve been blinded by the monsanto propaganda ! ! !
you abandoned the lgbtq community and you abandoned the powerful chairmen of your committee !
while i am disappointed that you attended the inauguration , rest assured , we are watching with eagles &apos; eyes , and are more concerned how you will protect us from this despot .
thanks amy for everything but i do wish this was true !
thank you , sen. gillibrand , for injecting some intelligence into the debate and for taking action when so many are afraid to do exactly that .
oh elizabeth .
dear tulsi gabbard , in china , 27,397 dogs are tortured and slaughtered per day .
obviously , that &apos;s a more reliable source than krugman , msnbc , ny times , the cbo , mcclatchy , esquire , etc .
vote for shaheen and you will start to die ! ! !
thank you for all you &apos;ve done on behalf of hillary clinton &apos;s presidential campaign !
that said , trump and his hatred are hurting our safety .
.. patty murray .
hillary should withdraw.he polls better against trump than hillary .
not to be glib , but if she had thrown her hat in the ring in the first place , her party wouldn &apos;t be suffering an enthusiasm gap .
hau &apos;oli la hanau , tulsi gabbard : - )
you voted for it amy , now answer the question .
thank you for standing up to these 21st century fascists .
how about some serious talk about institutionalizing these , obviously , mentally impaired individuals and funding mental health facilities instead of pandering to the anti-gun lobby ?
congrats senator duckworth
just out of curiosity what is your stance on a mental health registration just like sex offenders .
al -- as a freelance writer who cheered your election to the senate , i have to second the comments of john ezra scheirman ( above ) .
you have sold your soul for a campaign contribution from big pharma .
thanks for hearing us and standing up for democracy .
proud of our ny senator kirsten gillibrand &amp; our president barack obama !
your efforts are sure to be beneficial to many minnesotans .
why should the republicans flip if you and senator menendez are going to kill the bill ? !
thank you for all your fine work
oh chuck you &apos;re such a kidder .... omg i &apos;m rofl ... oh i can hardly breath i &apos;m laughing so hard ..... that &apos;s like paris hilton developing a monogamy plan .....
come on ron , join with merkley and support bernie .
shameful - patty murray voting down lower drug costs .
mr cooper you % $ &amp; ) ( @ # $ % * ( ^ % $ # $ ^ * ( &amp; ^ ! # % ( ) _ _ ( &amp; ^ # crap ( ^ @ ^ &amp; * ( ) $ % ^ * or i will be kicked off fb !
how manipulating of a perspective this is from stabenow .
and is it too much to ask you to show some respect and refer to representative sinema as congresswoman ?
most of those drugs were manufactured in the us and exported to canada , so we spray know they meet american safetu standards in the first place .
when you normalize for # years worked and similar job positions , women male $ 1.01 for every dollar a man makes .
congratulations tammy , there is no room in congress for a deadbeat dad .
but maybe if you could walk in my shoes for day , you would understand .
gosh laura , looks like kirsten really doesn &apos;t like you .
that you want us to believe you &apos;re worried we might get sick from unsafe medication is an insult !
we have to resist allowing the press and the republicans to normalize this .
12 ) muslims must strike terror into non-muslims hearts .
counterfeit drugs are out there .
how much vicks did you have to use to get the fake tears flowing ?
the stupid banks where writing home loans to people that couldn &apos;t afford the houses they were buying .
thank you very much , peter !
5 ) laws against the cdc and others that prevent research on guns as a public health concern are repealed .
oregon is behind you 100 % yes ! ! ! ! ! !
warren / gabbard 2020 please ?
if you had gotten behind sanders long ago we &apos;d have the election on lockdown .
e.v.e.r.y canadian has affordable drugs !
democrats brought up this phony controversy about birth control to distract from their miserable failure on the economy .
i attended the women rally on capital ground .
are you a minnesota liberal or not .
you also voted to fast track the tpp , and once again you have sided with your big pharma donors cause you have to in return for the $ 477,000 you have received from them .
what are you , the dnc spokesperson ?
what happened to el paso after nafta ?
shame on you rep. schrader for voting in favor of cispa .
thank you so very much for extending the invitation to our parish .
poor people can &apos;t get loans to start businesses , kurt .
holly anderson elizabeth warren for president please and thank you
happy passover to you too , ms. warren .
it is the aloha spirit that we choose to by here in hawaii nei .
not even you , amy .
good job , brian .
america voted in a new president--trump--pingree should show support for the office of the presidency--as she state &apos;s she will not--i no longer will support chellie pingree--i ask for her resignation---
time to strategize and implement because there are a ton of seats up for grabs in 2018. if we cannot fight now , we will fight in 2018 by booting every one out straight across the board !
ashamed that someone believes in equal rights ?
what is your thinking on this matter sen. bennet or do you have any opinion ?
amy , i am voting for minnesota for bernie sanders 2016 and hope that you will support him rather than hillary .
while at the police station record number of minorities rounded up for questioning or arrested until the polls close .
the drug companies are overcharging americans ! !
con woman
your excuse was lame , and it was revealed that the drug companies paid you a lot of money to do that .
last wednesday , two officers — nicholas smarr and jody smith — were shot while responding to a domestic argument call in americus , a city in rural southwest georgia .
thank you for being a stand for women .
it &apos;s sad that we have to congratulate representatives for doing their job and supporting the peaceful transfer of power which is their job .
you may not represent my district or even my state , but i &apos;m so relieved that people like you are helping protect women &apos;s rights , and the right of everyone to affordable care at planned parenthood clinics .
ms warren , keep up the good fight .
i guess i should consider myself lucky and be grateful that my employer carries a decent health plan .
please promise to work on gun safety .
debbie stabenow is so useless and clueless ...
i &apos;m glad to see you &apos;re receiving so much backlash because you deserve it .
so sorry to hear of her passing---her poetry / writings will continue to inspire , rip maya
excellent rick congressman rick larsen ... now , if you would just come to your senses about coal trains ...
i need to change to your zip code rep speier seriously .
mr. larsen , as my elected representative i see your comments as hypocrisy at the highest level .
mr booker , is there anyway to get our story to the house or senate ? &quot;
i &apos;m glad my senator is more driven than me .
surely , you know canada has stricter regulations on its medications than the us .
this is the deal chellie needs to make with us :
mental health can we start to deal with it as a country .
and there are thousands of nh voters who feel the same .
wishing you a prosperous and blessed year , ms. harris !
so they send their protesters , thugs to prevent freedom of speech and cause confrontations and violence at rallies and blame it on trump .
you should have run liz
bill &amp; hillary are used to difficult times - but donald has been a mean bully all his life .
actually yes he does incite supporter to do violence he promotes his suporters to hit protesters and hell pay the attorney fees do you not watch the news
al , are you yelling up from the basement again ?
thanks amy klobuchar i loved you when i lived in champlin , mn and still think highly of you .
thank you debbie and carl
wish you could run in 2020
the post from john stephen lane says : john stephen lane sr. may i take the time to offer a slightly off center view of these gun issues ?
you must be one issue voters like abortion and gay rights , things that don &apos;t affect you ... dumb shits !
dear ms. warren , please get with bernie sanders and be his running mate .
every newspaper in america endorsed hillary .
cite a source al .
white supremacists are taking cabinet positions now .
let &apos;s be real , , , we live in a violent and evil world , the causes run the gamut from culture / religion clash , poverty , mental illness etc .
if you haven &apos;t noticed , and by judging what you posted , you obviously haven &apos;t , the last 8 years have been built upon the very &apos; racism , sexism , and xenophobia &apos; that you decry .
my cousin , who has a phd in biochemistry and has worked as a liason between major drug companies and the fda and i have discussed this many times .
now that she &apos;s supposedly backstopped her deluded progressive supporters by voting for a lost cause , she can now resume the &quot; bipartisanship &quot; of cooperating with republicans at every turn .
survivor income allows me to continue my bachelors degree , work part time and play an active part in raising my children .
dear senator gillibrand , i totally agree with you .
elizabeth , you are awesome !
thank you for making minnesota even greater !
ms. mitchell , i just heard you comment on your show that it is &quot; too early to tell &quot; about donald trump as president for only one week .
peter welch is a fine person and a fine patriot ! !
i find your wife &apos;s silence atrocious and offensive .
dear mrs shaheenif you intend to say yes , this means you say yes to more bloodshed in syria , the media always distort the facts about syria .
here &apos;s to both of you voting no on tpp .
# berniesanders2016 # feelthebern # fight # the # establishment # neverhillary # bernieorbust we have nothing to fear but fear itself ! ! !
what might happen if net neutrality is not : https : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = 8chzustowrg &amp; list = plefc61ec822590073 &amp; index = 3
thank you ron for all the years of service wishing you and your a happy healthy holiday season
please also protect us , your citizens , from devos , and pruitt by opposing both of those nominations as well .
congratulations boston .
absent these efforts i fear that paulie &apos;s unfettered access to the sheep might actually be accepted as gospel truth .
and , i love you elizabeth warren .
the first aggressive actions from the police did happen after an agitator on the street above the freeway threw a firework at their assembly .
all the enthusiasm that sanders would have brought this fall is gone .
the huge problem at sandy hook was the lack of adequate mental health care .
senator , i admire the principled stance that you are taking against trump &apos;s cabinet nominees .
san francisco exploratorium , 1988 .
stop waging war on the middle class and forcing people into sickness and poverty .
i urge you to fight long and hard to obtain a package that will ensure coverage for all americans , promote necessary cost reductions in our system , and demand competition in the insurance and pharmaceutical industries .
amy , you are wiser than that !
congratulations president-elect trump and i am sorry that nj did not support you
happy easter ! have a nice day !
if bernie sanders isn &apos;t the democratic candidate we will vote for the independent candidate .
* * please feel free to repost this * * as a bernie supporter i think that democratic voters ( those who voted for clinton in the primaries ) need to stop bitching about the election now ! !
bannon &apos;s role on the nsc needs to be rolled into this opposition .
bs cory
please elizabeth , can you get a bill started to abolish the electoral college ?
my son invites the community to support the down syndrome community , sponsoring the buddy walk at seattle center sunday .
that is an example of law that protects consumers amy .
rick , keep serving and supporting olf !
she is truly a woman after my own heart , and i support everything she pushes .
it was such a pleasure to sit near you at the ob rally .
playing the racist , sexist , xenophobia card ?
happy birthday , tuls ! ! !
elizabeth , we love you # democratforever
amy klobuchar it &apos;s time for your fb admin to block the tin man for obvious reasons .
great job patty .
canadians are not dying at a higher rate due to unsafe drugs .
standing up for equal pay for equal work .
can you at least recognize that the dnc gave it to trump by not backing bernie .
do some homework and realize the big money &amp; big benefits are going to the elected officials and the executive level ... it &apos;s difficult trying to live on $ 1500.00 a month http : / / www.latimes.com / business / hiltzik / la-fi-hiltzik-20150816-column.html
the drugs are safe for canadians but not for americans .
i am hoping that you will act more with the interests of those who have elected you in the spirit of democracy .
michelle : http : / / www.ontheissues.org / domestic / patty _ murray _ civil _ rights.htm it &apos;s true that 14 years ago patty voted for doma and 17 years ago voted for the military budget that included a dadt provision .
senator amy klobuchar , you do such a great job for our state and our country .
no not the greatest democracy but the greatest froud in the world , president obama asked nigerians to do free and fair election but asked the dnc to rig in favour of hillary .
you should run for president 2020
there &apos;s your recovery frank
do you feel that chuck and bloomburg is all you need to carry you .
this could have been as exciting as the contests in wisconsin and ohio .
being a viet nam era vet myself , i know how rough things can get , something has to be done for those who gave so much and now have so little .
rep. doggett , your state voted for trump .
perfection and rigid compliance to progressive ideals must be followed at all times or dedicated representatives are instantly demonized , thrown under the bus , no matter how much good work they do .
how about we the people well fight her toxic stew of hatred against others woman what kine of feminist hillary is ?
merry christmas senator stabenow !
bernie is the only candidate that is fighting those issues .
amy klobuchar for president - 2020 ! ! !
i &apos;m very ill and some jerks voted against lowering the cost of prescription drugs .
i wish i could vote for ya jon !
endorse sanders please ! !
thank you for continuing to fight for the majority of minnesotans ( and americans ) who want sensible gun control ! !
she will floor with hi face next monday at democratic covention , , , , ,
or rick perry &apos;s ?
thank you ms sewell !
amy , i would hope you would comment on tx senator wendy davis &apos; filibuster efforts today .
quinton ezeagwula , at a military recruiting station in little rock .
last i checked a few years ago , larsen had a b- rating from the nra and a negative 10 rating from norml .
liz you are just another life long politician
schumer is showing his soro &apos;s style anti american nazi democratic mentl state which is seeking a rubber room large enough for all of them !
sheila jackson lee , you racist pig ,
you are an idiot mr. booker , benjamin franklin never said this
the abuse of militarized police cannot be positively reinforced .
thanks for this very important description of your views .
booker 2020. it &apos;s time ! !
didn &apos;t you do that when you voted against bernie &apos;s amendment to lower prescription drug costs ?
agree , gabby is a real inspiration .
what world do i live in 😢
in this election , economic inequality and economic opportunity were the most driving issues , with a huge populist surge propelling them .
you full of shit .
sanders first if not trump second .
supporting a woman &apos;s right to potentially kill ?
i thought you &apos;d be happy now thay you could pee in a bathroom of your gender identification elizabeth warren !
if you vote for amy , hillary , franken the more muslim refugees they &apos;ll bring in ! !
trump supporters were beaten and property destroyed .
thank you sen warren for all that you do = you &apos;re the best !
elizabeth and bernie are what this country need .
while i have been a democrat all my life , i interned in college for two prominent republicans in oregon ( one who became chief justice of the oregon supreme court and the other who served as secretary of state ) and they also would debate ferociously but were always civil .
schumer , get off your high horse and listen to the american people for a change instead of your democritics .... you might learn something
barack obama , joe biden and debbie stabenow - now there is a winning combination if ever there was one !
so dear senator warren - you are putting your faith in this wolf in wolfs clothing of all people to be able to &apos; work with &apos; &amp; that the presidency will &apos; change &apos; him &amp; therefore our society for the better ! !
wow frank so many highly educated and &quot; knowledgeable economists &quot; among your constituents and &quot; foreign service experts &quot; too .
seriously everyone look at the hatred and fear created by trump
you &apos;re using the same lines as big pharma , i hope you know that .
you seem to be an expert on the female body ) as an expert on everything .
do you read these comments cory booker ?
what are we supposed to do if hillary wins the democratic ticket , and then she loses to trump ?
preferredone cited the costs of doing business on mnsure as the reason for its surprising decision , saying that selling plans is &quot; not administratively and financially sustainable going forward , &quot; according to kstp.com , the website of that minnesota tv news network .
to you and your fellow democrats who decided not to attend : grow up !
i believe in cory bookers integrity and sincerity .
ready for hillary ?
where were all you trump haters when obama did the exact same thing ?
senator murray , there are currently 664 comments on this post - over 3x the average number of comments you normally receive .
that is a reason why if bernie was to be elected then he would get nothing done due to a senate and congress that will not support his ideas ( good or bad ) .
bless your family , senator wyden !
peter , this is good news .
let &apos;s not use more violence .
he has by far the best shot at beating trump in a general election .
derek , thank you for attending the seaport landing ribbon cutting yesterday !
good paying jobs got us out of the great depression , resulting from progressive policies enacted by fdr and followed by truman , eisenhower , kennedy , johnson , and nixon .
elizabeth , you and bernie sanders need to run 3rd party , that &apos;s the only ticket that will ensure a win !
tim kaine = why trump got elected
you are truly for the people , sherrod brown !
trump is not a politician .
reproductive health care ought to be understood as a woman &apos;s fundamental right .
thank you for tirelessly working to protect our rights as citizens if this great country .
dutch is following right in line with all the other sheep !
warren , we need you to support bernie .
jan aretz bitte keinen frank underwood im weißen hause 😰 😰 😰
amy , could we please get together to talk ?
see everyone as human beings , including iranians , and realize how you have a mutual responsibilty to respect their human rights and humanity .
congrats , tammy i know you &apos;ll serve wonderfully ! !
he ran on a campaign of inciting fear and violence .
speaking of safety , aren &apos;t a big majority of prescription drugs sold in canada made in the usa ?
be the voice of the people you represent , vote bernie .
jayson , kelly , alan et al ( those against repeal ) - these ( gay , lesbian , straight ) soldiers put their lives at stake for their country and you every day , show some respect .
please also be mindful about the prescription opioid epidemic that continues to escalate .
sincerely , stefany day concerned mother
i thought you were for women &apos;s rights .
with this position , it surprises me that you continue to support hillary , when she clearly opposes the reinstatement of glass-steagle , while the people &apos;s choice was overwhelmingly bernie sanders who agrees with you on this point .
i have disagreed with many presidents who have been elected but i always applaud the inauguration event .
so say chief elizabeth sitting bull .
it may be &quot; irresponsible &quot; to go outside of the country to adopt , but having experienced the adoption quest personally , it is not easy to adopt in this country .
i don &apos;t know yet where authority lies for filing criminal charges for sedition or treason , but i feel or other members of congress , such as you , elizabeth , have a duty and a responsibility to the people beyond simply standing strong and not giving in .
and hilary is equally as bad in her own ways .
i am proud to have voted for you in the past ( couldn ´ t last time because of redistricting ) you are a great congress woman .
thank you for speaking out on this issue ! !
my wife and son are very appreciative of your support of the gay community !
thank you for your strategic , fact based opposition to trump &apos;s agenda .
you rock , tulsi !
thank you , sen. van hollen !
it &apos;s simple , run in 2020 .
thank you for all you have done for myself , my family and my fellow washingtonians .
as a proud nj transplant living in massachusetts , i am very thankful for leaders like you and senator warren .
scott brown has 316,907 .
the repealing of the glass - steagall act was signed into law by bill clinton in 1999. i think mrs warren has cited this as a major reason for the finacial collapse .
amy klobuchar is a bright spot in a field of irresponsible republican politicians .
mahalo from kailua kona .
&apos; one of the main reasons they passed over her was she had the nerve to charge the great gerry connolly with a hit and run , &apos; said former board of supervisors chairman jack herrity at the time .
please run for president in 2020. you are what this country needs !
bonnie j. addario of bonnie j addario lung cancer foundation is a wonderful resource for referrals , and i &apos;m confident chris draft of team draft personally knows the top lc docs at mayo clinic .
adding glyphosate , for a monsanto world agriculture monopoly , only their gmo synthetic distortions will survive .
give em hell claire !
and goddamn the nra and its media sycophants who will use this tragedy to promote even more paranoia and hysteria , driving more sales of guns in a country that is already drowning in the goddamn things .
could you please support legislation that promotes more energy , more productivity , more growth , and lower unemployment ?
good man , rick larsen .
elizabeth , if you and bernie are not going to run on an independent ticket , then you both will need to get on the campaign trail to promote hillary .
patty you &apos;re doing an awesome job ! !
did you know amy that that is the very spot targeted by terrorist according to u.s map for terrorist attacks .
no one likes you liz .
senator inouye definitely had a bearing about him that definitely elicited respect .
kamala harris is the only pro-equality attorney general on the ballot .
thank you keith , none of this is our kids fault !
what about bannon chuck ?
a sanders / warren ticket is the only sure way to dump trump for good !
i love elizabeth warren ... she fearless in a time when the gop is counting on our fear ... they are in for quite the surprise
i &apos;m looking for a way to convince rick that he represents the people of this state .
thank you for standing up for women today as well as our health and reproductive rights !
mahalo for representing hawaii and discussing truthfully while our so called president does not know what real facts are .
i &apos;m extremely disappointed by your positions on those bills , senator gillibrand , and i hope you &apos;ll reconsider your position on pipa .
o donnell is toast.way to go chris .
the dnc really needs to do some soul searching .
vote blue , no matter who !
thank you senator tim kaine for bringing the heat ... as many have done on this panel .
was senator booker with us last night ? ?
the marches will demonstrate that we will not accept an america that degrades and demeans minorities nor an america that does not embrace equality for all people , no matter their gender , race , religion , disability , income , etc .
we are supposed to be celebrating our government &apos;s peaceful transition of power , regardless of whether or not you like the person .
elizabeth - i was just thinking recently that you are our new tip oneil / ted kennedy - thanks for fighting for us and being such a great inspiration .
the words of elizabeth warren .. nuf said ..
in reading your story and gaining insight into your platform / morals / values , it makes me proud to call you my senator .
in this video we learn about illegal aliens doing what sen. dick durbin says they can &quot; never &quot; do -- grabbing thousands in welfare benefits , using fake or even foreign ids !
since when is hilary clinton a &quot; girl &quot; ?
thank you for your service &amp; concern representing us .
there will be more violent demonstrations by liberals .
rest in peace , senator .
my 13 year old daughter was broken hearted last night , and as we went to bed i told her , &quot; we have elizabeth warren &quot; , and that made her happy enough to go to sleep .
this page attracts the right wing trolls like flys to honey .
lets see what elizabeth is going to do about drumpf !
&quot; better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt . &quot;
the food the fda tells parents is safe is far more of a health risk than e cigarettes ... we should find a way to fix this before we put more on there plate ...
you were at the iom agent orange commission sept 28 , 2010 when i testified about agent orange on guam and autoimmune diseases .
rachel cohen
kirsten , i am one of your many constituents who would like to thank you for your opposition to the racist , anti-semitic , misogynistic steve bnanon as chief strategist .
thank you senator dick durbin and jan ! ! ! !
same chicken skin when you and neil spoke today as when i saw the woodstock festival : &quot; it &apos;s a new day , people ! &quot;
you are a great senator and should consider running for the democratic nomination in 2020 .
unfortunately i , too , was just diagnosed with breast cancer while pregnant at age 37. just started chemo .
thanks for all your efforts , kirsten .
what a load of horseshit warren , tripe from the devil herself .
you lost me with this cory .
aislin cooper
bernie is an old joke and hillary should be in jail .
senator booker , as the son of a holocaust and concentration camp survivor i grew up with the stories of life in nazi germany .
fda corruption ?
too many ignorant bigots in this country .
his courage and integrity will always be missed .
we progressives here in pa are a little jealous , so please consider a national campaign in the near future !
great work , amy .
unedcated ill-informed bernie bros are attacking democrats trying to damage the party and its rising stars .
like voting down the ability to get cheaper drugs from canada mr. booker ?
we are counting on you senator wyden .
how does one break up the banks as sanders is advocating ?
kkk was started by the democrates lizzy do your own research you blind fool .
shalom , al and thank you .
to support ms. harris i live in miami , fl .
only two choices , im not a fan of dino rossi , and just alittle better than him !
in the case of hillary the right wing declared her first , then the media , and then it seems likely the corporate sponsors opened the till .
i am really shocked that you voted with republicans ansd 12 other democrats to not allow the american people to purchase prescriptions from canada .
apart from the &apos; greatest democracy on the planet &apos; , which is clearly not the us , which is only the largest democracy , not nearly the greatest , kuddos to elizabeth .
best example , hillary clinton .
you see we can go on open secrets and see how much money you took from big pharma .
good work amy your the greatest
hilary shouldn &apos;t even be allowed to run ! !
you might want to read thomas f. jackson &apos;s from civil rights to human rights : martin luther king , jr . , and the struggle for economic justice .
z eliot engell per me shkrujt perti zotni kombi shqiptar duhet te mare abdesë nuk ka kument shba jan numer ni perë shqiperin etnike ce mo sot neser shqiperia etnike do ti bashkoje trojet etnike me ndimene a m e r i k e s
thank you for all you &apos;re doing and congratulations !
in hollywood , in l.a. , or new york , is there a religion or ethnicity that either one or both together promote murders , mayhem and gun violence for entertainment purposes ? ? ? ?
chuck &quot; fake &quot; schumer is a false choice !
we appreciate you , too !
there should be more providers for nh residents .
the electoral count will be 306 to 232 , with trump winning a convincing plurality of states .
oh wait , that protest had a key difference ...
i &apos;m proud to have you representing me and i appreciate your hard work .
mr. larsen doesn &apos;t have any problem with that .
happy birthday to a uniquely super woman !
earl , tell us what we can do and i will spread the word !
we need you as dnc chairman !
i hope with all my heart sanity will prevail .
why won &apos;t you endorse bernie sanders ?
please senator chuck schumer -- we &apos;re counting on you to vote against betsy devos .
my wife and i will be marching in la on saturday .
but dt is in the house now , and going back on his word is his trademark , his &quot; brand &quot; .
get a grip elizabeth warren !
if you feel that way sen. warren , why aren &apos;t you endorsing bernie sanders .
thank you for continuing to fight for ground zero recovery worker health care benefits , among other good work ! ! !
don &apos;t go to the inauguration .
senator jeanne shaheen - please call for an independent investigation !
we have the most restrictive gun laws in the us .
the impression i get from hillary is that no one should even run against her .
jeff sessions has more courage , conscience and integrity in his little finger than you have in total .
i am voting for hilary clinton with pride .
women &apos;s suffrage is the only holiday in august , according to the girl scout calendars i used to sell .
brian bigley , clearly you are not a woman ( nor am i ) .
you are an inspiration to women .
the dnc has dug their own grave with this one .
it truly is heartbreaking to observe how easily people dismiss or excuse various forms of hate perpetrated against others .
i am a republican who would vehemently protest at a trump or cruise rally if given the opportunity .
why have you accepted so much money from pharmaceutical companies ?
would you like to share how much money you have received from the pharmaceutical industry ?
this barbarism belongs in the dark ages , not the 21st century .
# lockherup # goodbyerick # bernieorbust
i &apos;m hoping for a klobuchar / warren ... or booker ticket for 2020 !
you need to be tried and executed for high treason , dick .
i love voting for you , earl !
sherrod brown , what rights are being taken away ? if they &apos;re so worried about women why don &apos;t they march for women in saudi arabia where they truly have no rights ?
thank you for keeping us informed congresswoman hanabusa .
and all your hypocritical minions that cry foul need to do is go to c-span and hear from the jack asses mouth himself !
we know data shows states with legal medical cannabis have 25 % fewer opiate overdose death and still you senator are a prohibitionist , why ?
david holmes brian mills hillary has a problem ahead of her .
it &apos;s as simple as this rick .
thank you al and the same to you and your family
she doesn &apos;t care one bit about you unless you &apos;re in her social class .
go for it , madame senator !
all the best tulsi .
ron kind respects women and their right to choose , he respects women and their right to equal pay for equal work .
thanks tammy and thank you tom coburn for nothing .
thank you , thank you , thank you , senator wyden .
get your head out of your ass debbie can &apos;t you see what is going on with the working people in this country you and your corporate buddies are killing us .
youre a joke elizabeth warren .
stop drumpf the american way , not by restricting its speech , but by voting it away
we got to get out there , amy shouldn &apos;t be expected empower us
what is the minority unemployment rate for mn sentor amy klobuchar ?
i filed a complaint with the bbb against at &amp; t in march of this year i was @ the at &amp; t store in grand rapids mn . &amp; one of their employees told me to shut up as i was leaving their store as i was a valued customer for 6 years .
it doesn &apos;t matter who lives in ny because schumer steals at the federal level .
now we need minimum wage raised to a li9ving wage .
the bachmann story about threatening to leave mn was only from a parody news website , sadly .
and if he doesn &apos;t , senator warren ?
get your shit together , dude .
he was a great advocate for veterens .
sen. patty murray and sen. maria cantwell , i know he is your god but watch out for his destruction ! !
shame on joe , i will do everything i can to see he is not reelected .
i am a democrat , i vote , and i do not want more bombing .
klobuchar is a well meaning , short-sighted globalist who will never be held liable for her important role in the destruction of her country .
durbin is another corrupt pos politician .
go get &apos; em brian .
i &apos;m so sorry for your loss , senator franken .
do you seriously think canada does not diligently protect its citizens from unsafe drugs ?
1. reverse glass / steagul &amp; citizens united - get corporate money out of politics 2. maintain national sovreignty by stopping the tpp .
yet you voted against bernie sanders amendment to lower prescription drug prices ?
wisconsin is a police state and walker is taking us backwards !
thank you for all you do , you do us proud .
merry christmas to you and your family , sen. stabenow !
how fucking dare you use this quote .. unless it &apos;s sarcasm .. and if that &apos;s the case .. wow .. dude , you nailed sarcasm .
elizabeth warren , some of us worry more about the political / corporate corruption killing our democracy , our country , and our planet .
http : / / www.fda.gov / newsevents / newsroom / pressannouncements / ucm108534.htm fda finds on canadian drugs
many thanks to you debbie for all you do for michigan and our nation !
the democratic party is the party of the people .
most of those drugs are made in the states , and i don &apos;t see any dead canadians from our meds .
we gave you the correct answers we gave you sanders .
thank you for setting this example , senator bennett !
amazing woman !
thank you mr. vice 🌠 🇺 🇸 president tim kaine !
is this legislation something sen. mccaskill would be interested in advancing ?
tammy duckworth i proud in you ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
what a total loon and moron .
liz is no better and just as hate filled
please , mrs. warren , tell us who is telling the truth !
thank you , amy &amp; president obama !
mr. merkley , please do not vote for olympia snowe &apos;s &quot; trigger &quot; option on the public plan like sen. wyden is planning .
the democratic party is in large part to blame for this , they were to busy cramming hillary down our throats with all of her baggage rather then listening to the people all the people !
the poll probably didn &apos;t include rt and al jazeera .
makes me proud to be a new yorker !
sorry elizabeth i disagree .
his dissent in the hobby lobby case shows he support corporate decisions based on the religious beliefs of the corporation .
and if he wins , it will likely be because the democratic party chose a criminal ( clinton ) to run against him .
we need a ban on assault weapons and ammunition , as well as closing the private buyer loophole and limiting the number of guns bought in a short time period .
never hitlary , bernie or bust !
power to the people , and with and through bernie !
rubber legs that don &apos;t feel they can carry the weight of this sometimes , and the tears tears .
i can &apos;t recall any republican protesters demonstrating like this at democrat rallies or conventions .
my decision not to attend is not a reflection of my support for israel and its continued existence as a state and home for the jewish people .
a mentally ill person can &apos;t recieve help if they are not seeking it first off ... second , a criminal who is mentally unstable will find guns if that is their mindset .
someone should explain humor to colleen .
congressman doggett , thanks for seeking refuge from the very law you helped get passed .
you always have this voter &apos;s support senator warren !
the women &apos;s protest , for god knows what , had 90 million put into it .
my local hero !
2020 senator please let me know when you will be at brownstone for a dem function would love to be there
focus on making america great and not on what donald trump is doing .
it &apos;s sad when there &apos;s senseless killing of any human being-cop or civilian .
will you sign on to stand with nancy and fight against the tea party ?
even if the pipeline from canada is opened or even if we drilled for more oil here in the us , that oil goes onto world markets and the highest bidder gets it .
my husband works for a tiny company in kingston , where they manufacture chargers for electric vehicles .
you have shown how you do it many times , dr. senator chuck schumer
it seems that earl is listening to the overwhelming public sentiment surrounding the legal status of marijuana and doing what any good legislator would do , which is representing his constituents .
please continue to follow up on this louise !
bring middle class up .
bernie stand in the way , yay !
hell , i got more hate from bernie sanders fans than right wingers when i ventured online .
i fear for our president ( who i admire greatly ) and our country , because this will not bode well for either of them
one of my medications i have been taking for a long time has just been denied by insurance : $ 160.00 .
she talks about the burden of student loans yet was paid $ 100,000 to teach one subject .
thank you for your work and your inspiring words .
the teaparty is arrogant , and cares nothing about the democratic process .
how &apos;s that equality for you ?
warren , you have no character to test .
your biggest mistake was not supporting bernie
u.s. senator elizabeth warren , please endorse bernie officially .
so can you tell us why you voted against a bill to lower drug prices , other than corruption ? ?
bannon has zero foreign policy experience , is a political advisor , is a white supremacist , has had too much power and decision making role in the president &apos;s decisions in the past week alone , and has called the press who are exercising their freedom of speech the opposition party .
so happy and proud of your victory congresswoman debbie dingell .
gun ownership should require a safety course ( lock it up ) including nutritional mental health .
thankyou amy .
bernie won the caucus 72 : 27 percent .
and a very happy thanksgiving to you and yours , professor warren ! !
thank you for helping bernie sanders .
i implore you senator murray to show support for our american icon , john lewis and refuse to attend the inauguration !
what about your vote cory against importing cheaper drugs from canada et tu brute
it is scary how many in this country seem to agree with his hatred , negativity and racism .
11. provide monetary muslim grants to colleges and universities in america to establish &quot; centers for islamic studies &quot; with muslim directors to promote islam in higher education institutions .
but ms. warren , i am supremely disappointed .
excuse me senator schumer but you are a fraud and you can shove your feigned concern for refugees where the sun does not shine .
i think that bernie is the real and best candidate able to stop trump and help our country build a strong democracy .
best wishes for successful voting results early today ! !
happy birthday soror , enjoy your day ! ! !
is that what you &apos;re referencing , senator sellout .
walk down the streets of downtown portland and tell that to the homeless and downtrodden you represent .... that have no care and those who have lost hc or now pay triple costs .
bernie could do some of this .
i &apos;m deeply ashamed your a politician that loves to trample people &apos;s rights
i think the future of the democratic party will depend on how responsive and interactive our communication will be between constituents and their legislators .
gillibrand has her head so far up hillary clintons a $ $ she can only work on lilly ledbetter act and the pay check fairness act .
today was a chance for our elected officials from oregon to promote harmony and cooperation to your constituents .
once again , as you did with sessions hearing , more bluster to try to get your name visibility for a potential run in 2020. the dems were at the vote .
elizabeth warren is a big bag of puss ...
elizabeth , if you ever run for potus , you not only have this california girl &apos;s vote - i &apos;ll campaign for you until i drop ! ! !
what the hell are you doing in portland oregon tonight senator ron wyden ?
go with ur gut chuck stop back peddling ny needs u
why would you stand with republicans and narrowly defeat this bernie sanders amendment allowing us to import prescription drugs from canada ?
indiana democrats are a joke .
klobuchar votes for bill outlawing state gmo labeling laws .
the people need you as an articulate , high minded , formidable opponent for the intellectually limited , conniving , under-the-belt slugger ( assuming he would compete in that arena ) brown .
bannon is a racist , etc .
does anyone know road conditions of i 85 southbound from downtown to union city peachtree city exit &apos;s ?
my candidate won the popular vote .
would she have voted differently if she was not allowed to get the large donations from big pharma ?
hon.senator chuck schumer , a penny per product is a worthy price for ensuring that our consumer purchases aren &apos;t supporting a bloody and rapacious war in congo .
it &apos;s been voted on and turned down 59-41. thank you senator !
laura riggs , madison , wisconsin support wisconsin choice for bernie sanders .
trump has no sense of what others have sacrificed in order for a spoiled rich kid like himself to become president .
it &apos;s a lawful order debbie .
don &apos;t assume shit about me .
thank you gillibrand devos &apos;s must go
peter adriance also participates in international initiative efforts re climate change .
that &apos;s not how grown-up respond to requests for support for their claims , betty .
you &apos;re a better person than i am , and that &apos;s why i &apos;m proud to call you my senator !
we &apos;re the minnesota medical marijuana group , and we vote !
it &apos;s condescending but inspirational in it &apos;s audacity .
senator warren we need a leader and someone to rally behind right now .
i went back to volunteer at my old high school wm chrisman to help resolve a racial issue in 1995. in 1996 i recieved the friend of education award from the nea !
@ and the uber intelligent and soo hard to debunk william : http : / / www.skepticalscience.com / how-to-explain-milankovitch-cycles-to-a-hostile-congressman-in-30-seconds.html rodney viereck , noaa space environment center , brought up an idea that sea surface temperature ( sst ) correlated with sunspot number.1 however , the data just didn &apos;t seem quite right .
lip service wall street warrior warren endorses bought &amp; paid for wall street politician in hillary clinton
please run in 2020. we deserve you , and you deserve the office .
resist trump on everything ! !
congratulations , kyrsten - i had no doubt !
please declare your support for bernie !
why you voted against the bill that bernie proposed to help buy cheaper medicines from canada ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
you just voted down sanders &apos; proposal on prescription drugs .
happy new year senator warren , thank you for fighting for us .
i am so proud you represent us in virginia .
with a blissful smile , the driver replied , &quot; well , the farmer gave me the cigar , his wife gave me the wine , and their beautiful twin daughters made passionate love to me . &quot;
thank you tammy for your service , in the military and now with this fight .
tammy we need fuel price relief here in illinois .
senator ron wyden , is there a legitimate and safe petition we can sign to further express our opinion ?
the donations you received from the pharma industry suggest you voted for them- and not for the good of the american people .
let me wish you , your family and your staff a joyous holiday season and a healthy and prosperous new year .
our democracy never had integrity .
so grateful for all your work to combat the trump admin &apos;s efforts to undermine our democracy !
thank you , happy new year 2015 , and that all their goals are made this year , blessings today and always .. : )
some of them are just collecting benefits and some are living in million dollar mansions in ny working at wall st firms .
on the subject of incompetence , colleen might be interested to learn that the fda does not regulate meat .
trump couldn &apos;t get hired as a ceo or president of any major corporation anywhere .
chuck schumer you &apos;re a little ball baby bitch !
trump and his supporters are fascists .
&lt; 3 booker / murphy 2020 &lt; 3
thank you for all of your great work !
however , he conveniently fails to mention that the usda snap audit report found 2 billion of waste , over payments , fraud , and abuse yearly in the program .
we have come so far to do a better job of protecting our planet for ourselves and the future generations .
minnesota is stressed out to the limits to find jobs for our legal minnesotans .
several measures i would love to see executed would be shift subsidies from fossil fuels to renewable energy .
republicans were against the new deal , social security , medicaid , medicare , &quot; welfare &quot; ( unless it &apos;s corporate welfare or agricultural subsidies ) , etc .. if you want a safety net , if you believe in regulation , you want sherrod on your side .
right on , elizabeth warren ! !
with you congresswoman shea-porter .
for the people , the middle class and poor , everyday ...
here &apos;s the &quot; bottom line &quot; - the other team is up against a demographic wall and they have no choice but to pass cir asap if they want to compete nationally , which is their primary goal .
also capturing natural gas from fracking operations .
i am calling to ask why sen. franken voted against the sanders amendment to the farm bill , an amendment that would have protected minnesota &apos;s right to enact a gmo labeling law .
did you get a chance to look at our marketing piece benefiting girls and women in sports ?
a second cia officer said the agency &apos;s contacts had included members of the japanese cabinet .
to those negative comments below , ms. warren cannot do it alone .
i will see you in the 2018 primary , you worthless , pandering bureaucrat .
&quot; our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter . &quot;
now i hope that bernie sanders wins the democrat vote .
bernie won the state and your giving your vote to a corrupt politician , # bye , bye amy , sady you have done great work , but you have betrayed thepeople .
happy birthday lizzie , keep on keepin on ... we love you ....
people aren &apos;t dying in canada from lack of affordable medications and treatments , but they are dying here because they can &apos;t afford their healthcare !
all synthetic gmo must be banned , all at monsanto and all institutions accomodating their directives must be arrested at every level .
&quot; the other very important part of this bill is to ban large capacity ammunition feeding devices — those that hold more than 10 rounds .
we can &apos;t have hillary or sanders or this country is in for more heartache and more unemployment , taxes , and debt .
engage the world to address crimes against humanity .
please work with other like minded legislators to do everything in your power to protest what is already happening due to our next president elect .
i can &apos;t believe i &apos;m saying this ... but congratulations hillary .
oh , yeah your a democrat you have no clue how business operates .
good pr job liz .
go , jan !
blow the horn loudly , elizabeth .
dear senator klobuchar - please vote against bombing syria .
tammy , i pray someday you consider a whitehouse run .
patty murray , why does the farm bill do everything but help farmers ?
non party affiliate , understands the constitution , will support roe v wade , lgbt community , equality for all , separation of church and state .
thanks , mr. blumenauer , for not dignifying trump by showing up to the inaugural debacle .
we love you evil betty - bill jungbauer is an idiot
thank you , mr. yarmuth , for taking a stand .
i agree with the mental health services but not more gun control of different weapons ei .
and thank you al franken ... proud !
you are awesome kyrsten !
do you think she would consider that standing up for the people or keeping quite for the pharmaceutical companies ?
the issue is so technical , it &apos;s hard to come up with a populist slogan for it .
foolish hope in this divided era i realize , but a boy has to dream .
what a frustrating , scary time .
the day after the oregon shooting and - today my grand babies are in lock down at their chaska mn school and not allowed to play outdoors because of another ass with a gun .
mlk was shot .
there &apos;s a lot of nutty people spewing hatred on this thread .
doug , what other sensible restrictions are not in place for new york state ?
the more i hear about you ( and from you ) the more proud i am that you &apos;re representing our az district !
can you run for his senate seat and just have both , sen. warren ?
many people in the usa congress , they need the skill of al franken , and if you can not trust me , read any of their books .
thank your for your sanity and kindness , senator .
yeah i can &apos;t believe duckworth won either but thankfully for those who have never given up on america , clinton lost by a miracle
if some of you people hate debbie and the state of michigan so much then why dont you just leave .
and hillary has literally helped overthrow lybia and kill thousands of children ... but yea about trumps dumb comments , , , ,
# resist # notonmywatch
i cant wait until claire mccaskill comes up for reelection so we can ban her from our government !
how utterly insulting and frankly dangerous that djt would call your tears fake .
some will do good , and some will dedicate themselves to darkness .
congratulations to obama , kirsten , and elizabeth warren .
thanks for your kind thought , kamala .
hello fascism .
the pew study says pallone was wrong ! ! !
i feel the problem wasnt u mr kaine it was hillary
thanks senator merkley for keeping the seniors in mind .
i am trusting senators such as yourself , senator booker , senator warren , bernie and senator al franken , senator sherrod brown to lead the opposition .
hey , frank , aren &apos;t there more important things to worry about than wheteher a woman &apos;s makeup is safe ?
it would be awesome to see minnesota focus on wind and solar energy .
thank you dick , for such an eloquent response .
congrats amy , your such a hard worker , we love you , you go girl
.trump 2016 trump 2016 trump 2016
what needs to happen to make you stop supporting this horrible failure of a law that even warren buffett admits should be scrapped ?
i , as a proud american , stand with the people , all the people , and will come to answer the call , voting progressive blue , voting for bernie sanders , restoring common sense , decency , fairness and equal justice for all and not the selfish few .
senator warren i have agreed with you completely , but i strongly disagree with your decision not to run for president .
i have no issue if congressman blumenauer stays away from the inauguration to attend to constituents business , however i am vehemently opposed to him doing it as a protest .
thank you tammy for your service and sacrifice for your country .
&#91; from simon malloy - excerpt &#93; &quot; the modern right wing ... feels dispossessed : america has been largely taken away from them and their kind , though they are determined to try to repossess it and to prevent the final destructive act of subversion .
see all that red on the mn map ?
it feels good , i &apos;m now part of the future , i &apos;ve left the old dying , corrupt dnc behind .
tom udall deserves to have good times after all his hard work !
lets not forget all anyone did was expose the democrats corruption from rigging the election for hilary over bernie , to getting the debate questions from cnn in advance of the debate , to sending people to incite violence at trump rallies .
but because i think so highly of you i have to not pout and accept your decision in good grace .
so big pharma and big insurance going back to the well with bho &apos;s nightmare hc plan ?
if the reps can pass legislation that allows the banks and financial sector to own all the bridges and roads and tunnels with tolls , fees etc . , , then they will pass something .
this drug safety claptrap is the same excuse george bush used earlier .
survey last week shows cannabis in top ten treatments for ptsd .
so sorry for your loss cheri may you find comfort in your memories and peace in gods love
my native state of illinois comes to mind and we have an outstanding congresswoman running there .
blue dog democrats are unacceptable .
your lovely words express so much about the jim garner we all cared about .
a friend of yours , amy ?
places where we should never have to fear being blown up , shot , kidnapped and tortured .
you and 12 other democrats defeated this bill that otherwise would have passed ! !
and how he pouted about jon bringing up the lawsuit .
miss you rep. doggett .
the term now being heard regarding same-sex marriage is &quot; marriage equality . &quot;
we cannot police the entire world single handed .
the nra was not on my ballot when i voted so i assume it is illegal for the nra to be running the senate .
get bannon out !
i &apos;m right there with ya elizabeth !
i have friends that are still paying on their student loans and this would have really affected them .
progress would have been voting yes on sanders &apos; amendment .
he let caitlyn jenner use the women &apos;s room in his hotel at trump tower ........ !
and this is what the us tells other countries what democracy is all about , lol .
because marijuana can kill you like those drugs right ?
don &apos;t let me start on his bigotry and ignorance .
the rest of the free world is passing us by in recognizing that gay citizens are human beings entitled to the same protections under their laws that everyone else enjoys ... didn &apos;t mexico &apos;s high court just recognize the right of equal marriage this last week ?
more lies , liz .
would banning guns solve anything ?
you have my 1000 % support on this , chellie !
silence casting : january 2013 slated : june 2013 http : / / youtu.be / vyhu7tcub0g ps : texting and driving its a weapon .
i &apos;m not a big trump fan , but he talks about what people are feeling .
claire loves taking money from rural people and giving to the cities where blacks vote democratic !
trump has not endorsed and has come out against the kkk therefore his hands are washed clean of those in the kkk who support him .
minnesota is very lucky to have you represent us in washington !
merry christmas to you and your family senator shaheen .
you voted against the amendement allowing for cheaper drugs .
yeah cory , why did you vote down the prescription drug bill .
2016 is coming and the tpp was voted down .
where were you guys when sanders said vote for clinton or we get trump ?
kirsten , i totally agree about what you are saying about the tax cut .
please explain to me how democrats are fair , respectful , tolerant , just , and decent .
so glad you will continue to work for reducing drug prices .
thank you congresswoman tsongas !
you are the best patty we can , t stand to have that good for nothing rossi elected everyone will see hes not mel
jason must not know what tpp will do .
mahalo for standing up and saying what needs to be said !
calm down with the inspirational one liners and vote for the benefit of americans not pharmaceutical companies .
durbin , you are an effing tool !
you are a truly wonderful senator and woman .
though i won &apos;t be the one dying from extended puke and convulsions , etc .... eff him ! ......
thanks for supporting nj arts !
please do all you can to prevent these things .
try imagining how happy we are that you are about to become united states senator elizabeth warren (
thank you kirsten gillibrand , for not being absolutely worn out by all this .
with donald trumps fascist ideas and hate speeches towards 8 m muslims that lives at us i am very very worried about what is going to happen to us if he becomes the next president .
you protest too much !
kim nguyen i knew our main man , cory , would have some good words of encouragement for us in these dark days .
yay , you debbie !
i still appreciate everything you do ... just from oregon now .
thank you so much for speaking out regarding the epidemic of police violence .
all that hard work ... all the sacrifices ... all of the support from friends ... bona fortuna chris !
your decision not to attend the inauguration is horrible and senseless and to judge someone who is trying to make america great .
maybe they have done exactly what the progressives ( both dem and rep ) wanted .
donald tramp is dangerously mentally ill
up until very recently , trump was on the howard stern show judging women &apos;s breast size &amp; how &quot; hot &quot; they were so that they might win breast implants .
thanks # presidentobama , mental health college students info on mental health more need service great job , we need a national conversation on # racerespecteconomicrecovery , # blackcommunitiesmatter , # dadsneedjobs ,
completely agree cory — and i remain equally shocked that these positions require no vetting or even qualifications of any kind .
i &apos;m spreading the word for you here in the deep south for 2020 .
&quot; sen. chuck grassley ( r-ia ) said &apos; the district of columbia is an island surrounded by reality .
i have always been and remain a strong advocate for the rights and well-being of the incarcerated , whatever the circumstances of the conviction .
infinite hope , donna synden - i know you have that ... ❤ ️
just love how this woman cares !
there is no mental evaluation in our school system , to try and spot people with mental iissues .
the definition of progress has been quite slighted over the years .
have always voted for you rick .
and that &apos;s the terrifying part for all of the reasons stated int this post .
please get all others to oppose this congressman connolly .
i like elizabeth warren but this is partially her fault .
thank you for your service ; - )
read on people , see where hillary / barack and klobuchar are taking us .
pooled client , asset cartel , had over 600 trillion in collective assets in 1850 !
city councilman , mayor , governor , dnc chair , senator , and rightful vice president kaine : thank you .
continue to fight for us chuck .
rick nolan has long been a modest , down to earth legislator .
black ghettos are on fire with violence and rage - divided and falling .
with you all the way mom in tennis shoes .
trump &apos;s planning to expand the extensive voter suppression that &apos;s already happening .
i hope you do , patty murray , because your record of dealing with monsanto hasn &apos;t been so hot .
minnesotans apprecite your efforts !
trump is trying to put him in charge of a position that bannon is egregiously unqualified .
i &apos;m also proud of the way you represent us !
&quot; and your a womens right advocate &quot; your point being ?
if congressman lewis believes that russia interfered , then participate and ensure any wrongs are righted , and history does not repeat itself .
yes i did vote for you but i would like to say that bernie sanders is more in the interests of the middle working class citizens of this nation .
well , you kept your job anyways ... here , bernie saunders is far more eloquent than i : http : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = h5otb298fhy
and again the same old sexism , racism card .
the democratic party is in shambles and all the progressive gains of the past 40-50 years are in jeopardy .
thank you for your finding medals for an honored and heroic man .
happy new year senator warren , keep going as you are.you give us hope .
mr schumer , we will remember you and the dems at the ballot box .
thank you , senator wyden for standing against hatred , exclusion and bigotry .
thank you liz .. for working so hard for us and truly caring .
thanks al franken ( i took this off a comment on reddit ) the following are your most direct routes towards making your voices heard : eff has a big red button !
thank you , senator murray and company !
well lady - we are going to rise up and put the democratic party to rest - for a long long time ....
amy you make me proud , keep doing the right thing !
i hope my representative cheri busto will take a similar stand .
don &apos;t normalize this ... person .
elisabeth warren is one of the people that will lose her job in government .
idiotic trolls
food and clothing are a necessity - but brand spanking new nike &apos;s and porterhouse steaks are not .
preach it , brother earl !
i was happy that the mayor refused donald trump a tour of the water plant .
klobuchar 2020 sounds pretty good .
thanks al for representing the people and not your pocket !
what about the women that belittle children ?
big pharma rules in nj and it &apos;s hard to get elected without their support ( or at least without their enmity ) .
congresswoman grace meng , i want to thank you for sending me a letter for veterans day .
however , in 2008 , the total voter population ( those who voted ) in massachusetts included 13 % african american .
i want to hear an outright rejection of sopa and pipa so that when these bills come back with minor alterations we don &apos;t have the same problem .
older women make slightly less than older men .
99 % of gun owners are careful and thoughtful , it &apos;s the 1 % that we need to be aware of .
polling data is not super secret and mr. pallone is absolutely voting against the desires of his consituency , make no mistake about it .
sen. shaheen , maybe you could ask the &apos; powers that be &apos; how and why and who came up with the idea ?
kyrsten , on monday night , as the federal government came to a halt , you were faced with an opportunity to stand up for your constituents in the face of a blatant tea party hijacking of the government to block millions of uninsured families access to health care .
any one planning on doing anything regarding the outrageous cost of health care for sw mn residence ?
peace beautiful queen !
senator warren , take on this fight and join hillary as her running mate .
i believe that the person paying support should also have the right to require receipts for all expenditures in order to justify their payments .
i &apos;m looking forward to the future presidency of you , ms. warren .
what is the democratic party and opposing republicans doing about this now and in the future to stop donald trump from continuing to undermine our country and its citizens ?
i &apos;m sorry you &apos;ve been treated to the usual display of aggressive ugliness that anyone who dares to question sanders gets from his most puerile followers .
thank you for your leadership , kirsten gillibrand !
elizabeth warren you should endorse bernie sanders
trump is better then corrupt hillary .
you should be with rhode islanders in rhode island and leading the march here .
proud ha , proud of you !
warren gets more attention from her &quot; choir &quot; at the cost of five minutes of her assistant &apos;s typing .
he is just an ambitious bankrupt king reality star who is racist sexist , xenophobic , homophobic and a bully .
i &apos;m appalled that tammy does not know the difference between larry and dr. ben carson .
brian schatz - please give us the phone numbers to call !
i was watching fox news and here they are with a banner running across the screen quoting you as calling protesters &quot; dumb &quot; for protesting donald trump and in the same breath you tout your civil rights background .
there is not one single piece of evidence that human interaction affects climate change ( previously called global warming ) .
the angst and fear i feel , pales in comparison to my friends of color , my lgbtq family members ( including friends who are chosen family ) face as a terrifying reality .
guns don &apos;t kill people , people do !
senator mark warner , you voted yea for both of these nominations .
who in the world votes for someone as stupid and inept as sheila jackson lee ? ?
senator inouye was a great man who served our country well .
i totally agree- when president bush took office , i watched the inauguration and really gave him my support , even though the way that election went down was so difficult .
24 do you believe that the democrats started the kkk .
i &apos;ve never liked the electoral vote .
the only thing we have to go on is it appears as yet another corporate sellout in blatant disregard of overwhelming ( 90 % ) public opinion .
hillary supports a kkk member and ur silent ?
if you want to be in that oval office in 2020 you better start working for the people .
overall , members of congress saw their personal wealth grow by more than 16 percent during the worst economic downturn in the united states since the great depression , according to financial disclosures submitted by lawmakers .
the short-lived , doomed-from-the-start effort — spearheaded by reps. sheila jackson lee of texas and barbara lee of california — came during a joint meeting of the house and senate to certify trump &apos;s electoral college victory .
his inclusive message and history of effective leadership is what the dnc needs to rebuild .
thanks for supporting hillary .
obviously , you had your chance to help patients and families and you failed patty , plain and simple .
jeremy - i was going to mention this in an earlier thread where you ask me to choose sides as if we &apos;re kids going to play dodge ball ( and yes , you are that juvenile ) .
i have so much respect for this ❤
trump is horrifying , and his crazy just seems to refuse to end in this election .
crazy timing , amy .
i love you senator cory booker , but you broke my heart after siding with big pharma and seeing how much big pharma paid you in the past .
thank goodness for that fine democrat anthony weiner , the dishonest elitist media , the podesta emails , the pay to play foundation evidence , the sloppy fbi investigation into hillary &apos;s private email server , clinton campaign paid violence and coordinated media distortions , and the long history of clinton lies and deceptions .
i honestly was hoping that bernie would win the nomination and that you would be his running mate .
happy the rest of the usa will get to see another amazing women !
you better get aboard with bernie and his policies or you will be out of office .
with all that &apos;s happened since november 8th , i think we all thought we could count on you and maria cantwell to stand up for us .
thank you for everything that you do for us , amy !
cory , please run for president .
frank pelosi has not blocked me and i have had not said any good things yet
i know mental illness first hand it is ugly and can be devastating to family and the people around you .
because they &apos;re hypocrites who value money over women .
and then there is al franken .
thank you for your efforts to safeguard public education , senator gillibrand , and for your tireless work on behalf of all of our students .
well i &apos;m not famous but michigan has the highest taxes license plates car insurance it almost impossible for people to pay everything out of there pensions i would definitely be out of here if i could afford to move
senator klobuchar , as a powerful and influential member of the senate , i assume you would be able to demand to see a copy of the background check that allowed a mexican drug cartel member to acquire the obama / holder supplied weapon that was used to murder border patrol agent brian terry .
scott brown - we have your number .
i was raised lutheran -- my mother taught me to look for the similarities not the differences in religion , people , etc .
you have gained hundreds of thousands of dollars from big pharmaceutical companies .
you were great on &quot; hardball &quot; tonight tammy .
i think what corey ( above ) meant was the percentage by which this combat veteran is going to kick the snot out of walsh &apos;s challenge .
2 ) &quot; as if &quot; all of the drugs sold by pharmaceutical companies in the u.s. are safe , ( surrrrre , with all of those disclaimers , &quot; may &apos; cause suicidal thoughts , heart problems , blah , blah , blah . )
your choice to boycott the inauguration is also hypocritcal .
she can be a bridge right now .
thank you claire for all your efforts ! !
i gotta tell you ms. gillibrand , health care reform without a publicly funded option is useless .
dems are causing this !
next up is polygomy , polygimists should come out of the closest and have protest marches for equal treatment of their choice of union .
bernie is our best shot of beating trump , and he &apos;s by far the best candidate for the job .
happy belated birthday !
dear senator wyden , my wife and i are on a fixed income .
that &apos;s right , frank .
mr. al - you are the best !
saw al there
today i saw your talk to the islamic community of orange county .
representative gabbard , thank you so much for standing with bernie !
yes equal rights for women but not the right to kill an unborn child !
keep fighting the good fight , senator booker .
as a supporter and constituent of yours , please stand up , speak out and support sensible steps that can be taken to reduce gun violence , increase gun safety , and still respect the rights of responsible gun owners .
warren is amazing .
tim kaine &quot; i &apos;m deeply opposed to illegal immigration … and i call on the federal government , the president , and immigration services to stop the inflood of illegal immigrants into this country .
recently , though , she has spoken out against the supreme court decision in favor of hobby lobby .
thomas michael vandergrift : i think you fail to understand that the looting was one night .
senator warren - you are inspiring my 17 year old daughters .
you are one of the things i am proud to have been associated with ... and with me that &apos;s saying a lot .
were rooting for you so is lil boo boo !
when you look at the most recent data ( march 18th ) without the 5 days proceeding , it shows trump is winning against hillary clinton .
appreciate the mention of equal pay for equal work for women .
i hear debbie &quot; blabber-mouth &quot; schultz is keeping her pay .
i am a constituent and i &apos;m looking for you and your colleagues to get # actuallynasty to defend our democracy .
happy birthday tulsi from a libertarian admirer .
condolences to family * friends &amp; loved ones .
thank you congressman hastings , l dearly hope something good comes of this .
i never saw ms harris associated with a movement .
you voted against lowering prescription drugs
check with trump , i &apos;m sure he will say they were fake tears .
so , let &apos;s stop with the my party is the right one , and yours is the wrong one b / c it is a bunch of bullshit .
misandrist , misognistic and full of typical democratic lies , all in one short post .
maybe high office will be the making of the man ... in any case , this canadian is grateful for your service to our great neighbour .
from the same pharmaceutical companies that americans use so why do you use the safety excuse ?
only 1000 more signatures needed to reach the 7000 threshold .
we citizens are unable to do much except write , call , march and protest .
congress member maloney has stated important priorities .
bernie has 69 % so far with 50 % of the precincts in !
imua , tammy !
if you all have the courage to take on the nra ( in action , not words ) and generously support the mental health crisis in the country , then change might happen !
consider me one of your supporters always .
frank , for crying out loud , the murderer is deranged .
yeah , the canadians are dropping like flies by the millions due to their unsafe medications .
we are watching you take money from pharma .
the fix for hillary is firmly in place , so his role is ended now .
to hillary , you have an obligation as a super delegate to support your constituents wants !
well the police chief of detroit - along with every other study has said that conceal and carry reduces gun violence .
why would you side with pharma and split with the democrats on getting affordable drugs for us ?
this is good news for the democratic party .
canadians are not keeling over dead from taking the same medications that millions of americans can &apos;t afford .
please treat him like his party treated president obama ... enough of this work together crap ... when they go low go lower ... this is a fight for basic rights and freedoms for many many people ... not the time for kumbaya ...
how about more programs to help mental illness .
democrats and independents rise up !
with you and our president all the way patty .
a few weeks ago , a federal lawsuit was filed in the state of new york naming donald trump as one of two alleged rapists of a 13-year-old girl .
vermont wants you to stay away , vermont is who elected you .
bennet - with your keystone vote you &apos;ve lost me .
piss on you keith
the past &quot; repubican &quot; governors of illinois were all chicago politicians ... democrats in disguise .
great day for personal liberty , now let &apos;s end cannabis prohibition .
brown is definitely going down as long as we get out and vote ! ! ! !
please do something to curtail the deadly proliferation of guns and gun violence in this country .
nys employees love kirsten !
is that what you have pallone
believing warren is same as believing hil .
also , what steps , specifically , are you taking to further lgbt equality in this nation ?
come on al , you are better than just a few hollow tweets about your sadness and how you think of them and blah , blah , blah .
good for you patty .
right on frank !
after governor andrew cuomo &apos;s state government passed the most draconian , unconstitutional gun laws in the nation , it is doubtful these companies can survive in the hostile environment created in new york .
inciting more violence amongst the criminals in this country , because &quot; oh yeah &quot; , she supports the criminals !
cory .. your appalling silence .. my expensive meds .
thank you louise , for standing strong for women and their right to make their own health and life decisions .
ya but why should i be forced to buy health care that &apos;s bs i work my ass off to support other people
if the unthinkable happens , and trump manages to beat the democratic candidate , there are enough unbound electors to throw the election into the house of representatives .
---muslim hackers infiltrate water utility &apos;s control system , change levels of chemicals used to treat tap water , here in the usa ~ 2016 ---minneapolis mn .
this is not chuck schumer &apos;s fan page .
tim kaine is just a mouthpiece for obama .
schumer , i just saw a video of you disrespecting the office of president of the united states .
while vawa &apos;s authorization expired untill recently repassed , its programs and services continued to operate under language last updated in 2005. its criminal prohibitions against interstate domestic violence , such as 18 u.s.c.
for the left , so far , it is bernie .
thanks al what a great seator
keep fighting for us and the future of our planet .
you &apos;d praise putin , also , miss warren , that is , if you weren &apos;t a sell out to the corporate gangsters and banksters that putin is standing up to in syria .
i see nothing progressive about hillary &apos;s values .
we are so grateful you are there , amy !
i am one of the constituents who called to urge you not to attend and although , i wish you would reconsider , i greatly appreciate hearing that you will be marching on saturday .
rip janet reno
amy , you &apos;re fired .
mafia don kkk nazi trumps teams , republicans , fbi , diebold , russian kgb spy assassin military invasion , plus many entities first vote cheated against sanders , then against trumps partner dempublican poison pusher shillary clinton ; the monsanto , fracking petrol , $ pharma , poisons , heinrich kissinger war crime student puppet .
we do indeed have a mental illness problem but when you combine that with the glut of guns ( there are more guns than people in this country ) , we have an epidemic of gun violence -30 killed a day .
thank you senator , the zacharias family
emanuel cleaver ii , could you also make it clear to sam graves that many of his constituents feel as you do .
i &apos;ve appreciated your service on behalf of minnesota , and your endeavors for hrc , and rueful that i didn &apos;t do more than vote .
please run with bernie !
standing ovation for killing an unarmed woman ?
an exceptional oncologist who will work treatment specific to you and your needs is so important .
in 1887 alexander tyler , a scottish history professor at the university of edinburgh , had this to say about the fall of the athenian republic some 2,000 years prior : &quot; a democracy is always temporary in nature ; it simply cannot exist as a permanent form of government .
tammy , you already beat a guy like that , you will definitely do it again and again and again
i have personally witnessed a celebration at a local 7-11 when a young girl used her ebt for the first time .
i feel that we no longer need the electoral college .
i hope i &apos;m not one of the 100 year old women still waiting for the day a woman is elected president .
ellen lewis and i will be in la the weekend of sept . 29-30th and are trying to get a reunion together of repetto alum .
senator murray , i propose that the legislators reside in their home districts / states and all business be done via telecommunications .
how do so many negative trolls end up commenting ?
sherrod for president .
of interest , saint francis was not a pacifist ; he was a peace maker .
thank you , mark .
hillary won in votes
i have been non union for 27 years .
how &apos;s chicago doing for his bs on strict guns laws ?
debbie , even though we now live in ca , i still think of you as my senator .
trump is not bought
you are an amazing representative of our wonderful state .
thank you for your thoughtful , healing words .
the healthcare bill was written by the pharmaceutical and health insurance companies for the pharmaceutical and health insurance companies and amounts to nothing less than a total takeover of health care .
we had to put up with all your crappy liberal bullshit .
express ideas rather than violent metaphors .
please run in 2020 elizabeth for our daughters !
yep , you should &apos;ve endorsed # berniesanders months ago so we didn &apos;t have to worry about a trump presidency .
please use your communication and persuasion skills to speak to others , whether republican or democrat to convince them of the same .
tell it like it is senator warren .
but pharmaceutical imports cannot be measured for safety ?
carl levin of michigan and byron dorgan of north dakota , who requested the gao study .
well stated senator klobuchar !
i hope you and your family had wonderful thanksgiving .
thank you for putting in the time to learn amy !
i agree with you on trump , peter .
debbie , i just read your email .
they disarm law-abiding citizens , making them more vulnerable to criminals , who remain armed in disregard of such laws .
thanks for getting it done , debbie .
senator schumer , i am so proud of you , and am comforted that you are at the forefront of fighting against this dictator .
if you &apos;re able to achieve the ideal of lower cost and safe drugs then you &apos;ll be back to hero statis for me .
laws broken regularly by american citizens on a daily basis : driving above the speed limit without a seat belt while texting or talking on their cell phone ; under-reporting income ; tax evasion ; domestic violence , child abuse , elderly abuse .
do your job and represent sherry jackson .
maybe the democratic party could put someone better than hillary up against him ?
its sad that the wealthiest of our &quot; city &quot; who are warm , safe and have nothing to worry about ... at all ! , are throwing rocks at our governor !
thank you sen. yarmuth
thank you kirsten gillibrand for opposing betsy devos &apos;s nomination .
do it earl !
beautiful thoughts yet has already stated their not accepting lgbt 🏳 ️ ‍ 🌈 rights .
thank you for being the adult senator from mn and attending netanyahu &apos;s speech before congress .
and you are correct ... the health care bill doesn &apos;t give us what congresswoman schulz and her staff have , since the public option was removed to assuage republicans .
i love hrc and she has been treated like human garbage for 35 years , but i think people want to break from that and go in a different direction .
this kind of investment and employment is a much better move than the tpp .
your behavior is not representative of the people of nh .
liz like the rest of congress nothing protect their own ................
thanks senator wyden !
mario cuomo never had the courage to run for president and fight for his convictions .
i am one of the many who is very proud of both my senators and their work toward social justice !
that &apos;s bs that stabenow voted to bail out that &apos;s a great example of why we &apos;re so screwed .
you represent us patty , i trust your decision .
there &apos;s always a back alley and street guns for these sociopaths to find a way to get their hands on what they want to wreak havoc .
this will definitely improve voter registration efforts , once we can also extend broadband access to all ... thanks , amy .
wyden start forging consensus and work on things like national high speed rail japan said it would help us the broadband fix airports and infrastructure !
happy thanksgiving to you , connie , and your family .... also franklin !
what saddens me is you say this fight has just begun .
i # resist your vote and find it deplorable .
* donald trump wasn &apos;t the housing meltdown profiteer and buying low and selling high isn &apos;t something to apologize for .
keith - lol .
jeanne shaheen hasn &apos;t done what &apos;s best for this country or the people of this state .
cory booker you are an inspiration !
thank you senator murry ...
thank you , senator kamala harris .
... and congratulations to you too !
thank you , as always , senator wyden , for your outstanding leadership .
thank you for standing strong sen schatz !
oh that elizabeth warren had run .
voting against the amendment that would have allowed purchasing drugs from canadian pharmacies on &quot; safety &quot; grounds is akin to 1 ) saying that drug companies make sub-par products for out-of-country sales , and 2 ) that canadians aren &apos;t concerned with drug safety .
but the right wing is extreme ... it &apos;s only bashing if it isn &apos;t true .
senator warren , you are the greatest woman in us politics altogether , bar none , hands down and clearly .
trump 306 electoral hillary 232 and trump &apos;s popular final total was higher by 699,993. so , to all of the oh hillary had popular vote people , shut up .
cory , please get together with legislators on both sides of the isle and stop this man from hijacking our beautiful , hopeful and free america !
we love you donald trump !
i am glad to see you standing up for what is right senator warren .
no more elizabeth .
i didn &apos;t like it when you became hillary clinton &apos;s attack dog .
a wonderful experience for all who witnessed it .... whatever your background .
hey debbie what happened to the democratic lead congress for the last 2 years ? ? ?
the greatest myth of our age is that war and hate is the only way to make money in our society .
becky j barrow - condoms are inexpensive and don &apos;t require a prescription from a health care provider .
screw wyden , and all your bulls--- .
contemporary corporate climate is predatory - puppetmeisters on all sides .
rest in peace jim .
i truly believe that senator menendez is the people &apos;s senator .
now is the time to endorse bernie sanders ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
what changed between this post of a statement strongly supporting allowing the import of prescription drugs from canada and the vote that would actually show support ?
lmao - that &apos;s why it &apos;s called &quot; tacit &quot; approval kindergartner .
amy - i &apos;m in washington to lobby tomorrow for national health through fitness day !
i &apos;m proud of minnesota .
churchill jr high 8th grade students were visiting the capitol today .
walsh stiffed his own children ... and criticized tammy for losing her limbs .
sen. warren it &apos;s time to give trump another scolding .
elizabeth should be hillary &apos;s vp !
admirable congresswoman judy chu-first of all , i would like to thank you for all the wonderful changes you have accomplished , for your compassion , intellect , and love for what you do ! ! !
please do not let trumps picks for cabinet positions take office without serious vetting .
what a selfish , crybaby move .
go debbie &amp; sen dems !
is he going to accuse detroit auto industry tarp bail out , glass steigel repeal , dodd frank , congress -who is he going to blame for theese losses that he wishes to reverse ?
why did you vote against lower drug costs in favour of supporting the insane profits of the drug companies ?
thanks amy for all your hard work and perseverance in the face of outrageous partisan politics .
had the pleasure of meeting senator blumenthal and his wife when my husband worked for the town of greenwich .
thank you congresswoman duckworth for pointing this out .
a call to ( spiritual ) arms some of my dear friends are vocally mourning the latest mass shooting in oregon .
thank you happy birthday
hey asshole pallone , stop the bullshit and be truthful with the people that don &apos;t have the fore site to realize that the more you tax oil companies the more they pass that cost on to the consumer .
the national democratic party is in deep trouble .
i used to love you elizabeth .
men &apos;s or women &apos;s team ?
happy new year ms kamala !
we can &apos;t take care of our own citizens ... the global community must stand up and police the world .
al franken becomes 5th of 9 jewish democratic senators to back iran nuclear deal was there any doubt
is it called fear mongering when the islamic state commits crime against humanity in having a primary goal of promoting fear ?
michael bennet voted with all republicans for the tpp to sell out our sovereignty , our law , and local control of our lives .
~ heidi strand , democratic voter
fight for working families ?
name one bill that elizabeth warren proposed that has been passed ..........................................................................................
you also , elizabeth !
the residents of minnesota are very fortunate to have al franken as their senator !
if hobby lobby were really fighting against abortion it would make sense to stop buying from china .
this is a crisis for our democracy that surpasses party politics .
the food is poison , the water is poison , lets drive up the price of everything so the middle and lower class fail .
it would be easier for me to believe you if you hadn &apos;t taken money from the pharmaceutical industry - i am really disappointed and disillusioned - i thought you were different than other politicians ....
this coming from the former mayor of a sanctuary city about to lose funding over it when trump takes away your funding he can apply it to the national debt and our taxes will decrease and sen booker nobody truly knows you shut up
luka kloser amirah stewart
make it so more corporations and companies have to build things here , and not eith parts from other cointries .
my concerns in priority order : campaign finance reform , equitable education funding , keeping the aca a law until a more favorable congress can upgrade the act .
big plus for the democratic party .
i love you , but- lol !
but if there is indeed - as they say - a war between the &apos; progressive &apos; and &apos; centrist &apos; wings of the democratic party , then i will take this opportunity to say that i am squarely in support of the progressive wing , and i hope you are too .
you and elizabeth warren are deserving ( elizabeth was a class behind me in my high school in oklahoma city ) .
yet another illinois politician screwing the pooch .
what little study has been conducted on the safety of ge foods has largely been limited to industry funded studies involving rats for only 90 days .
stop taking corporate and pharmaceutical lobbying money and you &apos;ll have a better leg to stand on .
using victims ?
rick yost
trump has dragged the whole political conversation into the gutter ( particularly for the republicans ) ; but people who are sane , decent , and civil should object to that .
how many businesses has elizabeth warren owned ?
thanks senato murray !
, , , the first thing to do is end the drug war !
thank you senator hirono for sharing this story .
stats prove canada has all the same guns and culture we have and they don &apos;t kill each other .
label gmo food so we can make infomed choices to protect our health .
marilyn you are odd and nasty and ill informed .
you are one of the shining stars in a dark night .
senator gillibrand , i would like to testify with sgt stanton at the veterans affairs hearings on agent orange use on guam .
you will be replaced by mike lapointe because you are not on the side of the people .
what &apos;s more important , a peaceful transfer of power or free and fair elections free of foreign interference ?
i oppose any violent response by the u.s. to syria .
you voted against the affordable drugs imported from canada .
remind me again how e. warren got rich ?
a thoughtful public servant
you are such a busy lady and it &apos;s 99 % concerning minnesota and national benifits .. thank you amy , you are one great lady !
connecticut already had the toughest gun control laws in place when the shooting took place and they did not stop it !
this time , the intelligent part of our society is hating and with tons and tons of logical reasons to .
while female white house staffers earn about 88 cents for every dollar men in the white house make , women in the district earn about 95 cents for every dollar a men make , according to the most recent data from the bureau of labor statistics .
i hope the democratic senators can find their balls and filibuster everything that thevrepublicans will propose .
another six years of stuart smalley .
* * * exposing trump &apos;s strategies makes us wiser , stronger and willing to learn from history so we can do one better ... * copy and paste.otherwise only friends we share will see the post
if we are to return from this disaster the dnc must change
maybe he could send me in his place i would love to attend .
thank you senator murray , it is crazy to think that it should be legal for business to give donations and spounser ad spots in secret .
senator . , , thank you !
maybe amy is the one to break the presidential glass ceiling !
for more information on this and other important issues , please visit my website at http : / / gillibrand.senate.gov and sign up for my e-newsletter .
especially illness that leans towards violent .
you people will be held personally responsible when the tpp cuts medicare , leaves thousands jobless , and destroys the environment .
i am proud to be a new yorker .
they booed you frank !
i guess the russians told hillary not to campaign in wisconsin as well .
awww look at the crying baby .
thanks elizabeth for all you are doing , we will stand behind you all the way !
sad day for oregon .
just hate and discontent for your neighbors and for mr wyden his constituents who hold different beliefs .
yet hillary and bernie are the ones spreading hate , racism , and sexism .
why should anyone in nh vote for that ?
be careful corey and learn from others mistakes .
my greatest hope is that someone who loved him and wants to make a difference regarding mental illness , is able to put their resources towards educating this county on the truths behind depression and other life challenging mental disorders .
start treating theveterans fairly and ensure that they get the mental health treatments required after these viscious wars .
are montana nurses union represented ?
blow it out your ass .
unfortunately , i feel warren would bring us back a step .
let us consult with an actual holocaust survivor for their perspective ms harris before you right down your statements .
wishing you a very happy thanksgiving .
thank you , senator warren for those hopefull words .
what in the hell is wrong with your democratic party ?
i welcome all of the people who posted positive comments to list the facts that i missed .
i am disgusted and fearful of trump and the next four years .
keep voting the way you &apos;ve been voting , al .
trump supporters will literally justify anything he does or says , so this doesn &apos;t surprise me at all !
one could easily argue that voting hillary could be even worse .
the only hope democrats have now in recouping the losses of these voters is sanders leading a truly progressive movement .
good for you mr. al !
i love you ms. warren , but my wife makes better apple pie than anybody .
does this mean i can marry my dog because i love her too ?
why are you not voicing opposition toward trump nominees with your democratic colleagues ?
and a happy and merry to you al and franni !
mr. booker , it appears that i owe you an apology .
when we said &quot; never again &quot; after the holocaust did not we promise to never be silent again when such horrid acts occur ?
go stand with the water protectors in standing rock - they could use your help .
i guess you forgot the nuclear democrat senate ?
how much money does the big pharmaceutical companies are paying you to vote it down ?
mr kaine , i notice you haven &apos;t posted on your facebook page in 3 weeks , or updated your web page recently .
barbara gail byrd i agree with you 110 percent ! ! !
it &apos;s time for gun reform now .
way ta go al franken !
how will you use the platform of the inauguration to fight for us ?
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ excerpt from attached article : it &apos;s easy to see why you might have been taken in by this when you look at headlines that say : &quot; for some reason , cory booker and 12 other dems helped kill a bill that would lower drug prices . &quot;
central asia is still a headache , still don &apos;t fully understand the plans for pakistan , iran , et al .
no cabinet confirms without proper vetting .
drive by shooting in stamford the other day killing what the media described as a hard working nice guy .... although stamford is not in your district , neither is oregon and i don &apos;t recall a statement from you over this senseless killing ?
thanks al for all your work .
unfortunately hillary clinton is not any better .
the right wing fans have heard the lies so often , they believe them .
and yet he &apos;s never lied about being a race he &apos;s not , right elizabeth ?
they did address it frank , you lost .
if franken is so upset about normal folks paychecks maybe he will also volunteer to not do insider trading but that would really cut into his lifestyle .
peace and love always sister ..
there &apos;s a difference between celebrating trump and acknowledging the voice of the people .
go spend about 5 mins in ground zero claire then tell us what ya think .
merry christmas debbie , and may you and your have a blessed season !
trump is not a legitimate president elect .
merry christmas senator klobuchar , i pray god &apos;s peace surrounded you today and throughout this holiday season !
the unemployment numbers are affected by people like me -- no job and no more unemployment benefits .
fucken haters
nobody has the right to infringe on women &apos;s reproductive rights .
we are talking about helping a culture to evolve to a more acceptable society .
you have my vote for president in 2020
patty - the primary results show mayor little barely defeated her nominally more moderate opponent in an election among republicans .
amy is a senator who actually gets things done in washington that improves the lives of the people of minnesota and the country .
hello , hypocrites … here &apos;s cnn showing hillary discussing al gore &apos;s contested election to cnn &apos;s larry king : &quot; from everything i &apos;ve seen and heard , ah … more people did intend to vote for vice president al gore .
i was so disappointed at trump &apos;s negative inauguration speech .
jeremiah , you are right.these democrats are so sensitive that they feel compelled to honor your verbal assaults on them .
please share and support this movement in any way you can , we must isolate the cancer as soon as possible .
show me the canadians who have died from sub-standard prescription medications ?
thank you , senator kirsten gillibrand .
look in the mirror ms warren .
so disappointed in you patty .
proud to have you representing the people of ny !
as thinkprogress reported yesterday , afp has been encouraging right-wing activists to board their buses — free of charge — to attend the rally .
mr. blumenauer .
senator stabenow is up for re-election in 2018 , and with that kind of money on the line , it &apos;s no wonder she seems hell-bent on stopping meaningful gmo labeling .
amy go meet with the house gop and come up with a compromise .
1. statistically speaking jewish americans are solidly blue .
get em beto !
more local lawmakers out with protesters then the ones who can actually do something about this .
i don &apos;t agree with trump but as far as the &quot; strategic corporate bankruptcy &quot; , the law allows the strategic moves to be made ... similar to american airlines , gm and our bail out of wall street .
amy did u read the new food bill ? ?
thank you for your fighting spirit .
i wish mario cuomo had run for president , instead of bill clinton .
warren , you may not be a trump supporter , and you are a career politician who supports the status quo .
i &apos;m obviously not for hillary in any way shape or form but tim kaine was a pathetic choice as a running mate !
if senate democrats do indeed have a majority come january under a trump presidency , i expect nothing but complete and total obstruction .
keith , you are way out of line !
after one lone nut gunman killed 35 and wounded 21 people in 1996 , the port arthur massacre , prime minister john howard banned all semi-automatic rifles and pump-action shotguns because of the outrage felt by australian citizens .
mostly women and children ? ? ?
goodbye rick
debbie stabenow you are a traitor to the american veteran .
you haven &apos;t even given him a chance because your hillary lost , grow up !
words need follow through and we &apos;re counting on you .
i &apos;m sure senator stabenow and senator levin will be happy to co-sponsor the bill with you , and they will certainly vote in the affirmative when it comes up .
blame that on the right-wing and as pope francis says &quot; the myth of trickle-down economics &quot; .
good luck , earl !
tammy for president
( and by that i mean elizabeth warren , not trump &apos;s old bed-buddy , hrc ! )
hillary clinton is an agent of the multinational oil companies , the criminal banking cartels , and military industrial complex .
once again , barbara lee speaks for me .
taking hundreds of thousands in big pharma money and selling out the american people !
thank you for speaking out elizabeth ...
elizabeth for vice president !
casablanca is my all time favorite movie .
# stillsanders # dumptrump # feelthebern
we need more people in congress like you and rep. blumenauer
senator shaheen has voted yes on more nominations than she has voted no on .
yes brian .
i think trump supporters prove her point on this post lol .
shame on you cory booker for voting against the importation of vital and affordable prescription drugs .
happy new year from a former happy constituent , who now resides in massachusetts .
silly rabbit , the kkk is a democrat thing .
go tammy knew we could count on you .
while i thank you for fighting for the aca , what happened on the drug vote last night ?
we know you are backed by soros and that the media is controlled by you guys and you don &apos;t want bernie sanders in any leadership role .
but i do visit seattle once a year .
i used to like you chuck , it &apos;s not a ban on all immigrants .
thanks jackie for all your years of service .
so cory shared this post of yours and totally supported you how ever a friend pointed this link out to me what &apos;s up ?
good idea thanks kirsten
mr. yarmuth , the office you speak of has been disgraced by the global agenda the dnc endorses .
nice summation congresswoman speier , i will await further reports .
2020 , pls
thanks amy for all your hard work for minnesota !
she was a class act , and so are you , senator klobuchar .
love trumps hate ❤ ️
i always admired you , joe .
warren having you been paying attention at all to wikileaks ?
however , at a crucial time when democrats needed you , you bailed .
chuck , don &apos;t you take large campaign contributions from banks , fossil fuel co &apos;s , pharmaceuticals , health care , corporations ........ none of which want any legislation passed but alec legislation ?
elizabeth warren for president ! ! ! ! ! !
you too are in the light congresswoman .
hillary would love you for this .
tell sanders to concede now so hillary can focus on uniting our party , sooner the better !
hillary clinton frequently reminds us that the banks paid back &quot; every penny &quot; they owed , but the crisis also cost the u.s. economy $ 22 trillion , and took away the homes , savings , and jobs of millions of americans .
i &apos;m a human rights activist , a woman &apos;s activist , and a gay rights activist .
it &apos;s bad enough when they &apos;ve captured someone and torture and kill them , so am i and others to assume elizabeth that you &apos;re fine with it when terrorists do it ?
peace every one thank you debbie for trying to include everyone .
thank you for your continued work and efforts on behalf of all rhode islanders .
thank you for your leadership on this betty .
mr. booker grow some balls and stand up to him .
clinton who pockets wall st money , lies , flip flops , and is unreliable at best .
thank you sen. harris .... proud to be a californian this election .
thank you rep. maloney for the kind words and respect for the jewish people .
they clearly do not understand women &apos;s issues or lgbt issues or ...
nice al .
keep the heat on them , nancy !
get snap out of the farm bill subsidizing dow , bayer , monsanto , and agribusiness it has nothing to do with feeding those who need assistance .
thank you for all you do and for upholding decency and integrity .
ew - run as vice president .
the &quot; responsible &quot; gun owners want more mental health laws , but once that happens depression might be the main reason most people lose their guns .
that is great for you debbie stabenow , now why don &apos;t you get some media time and do what we need you to do .
corporate fucking whore .
currently , clinton is ahead by 0.0019 % in the popular vote ( 227,880 out of 119,624,892 ) , yet all the madness i read is that this is somehow a majority .
think we need to fight fight fight - block block block -- steve bannon needs to go .
looks like warren is applying for vp to america &apos;s own marie antoinette on twitter .
that is a small price to pay to ensure my job security , benefits and equal treatment .
dear mr franken .
happy passover to you and your family from altaf &amp; nuzhat plantation democratic club .
you don &apos;t care about women , mothers , anyone but yourself and your special interests .... no one is fooled by you lady !
all must give up these fast shooting easy killing assault weapons now .
please work on assault rifles banned !
tulsi gabbard , thank you for joining us on the right side of history .
i hope you beat walsh in a landslide like dewey suffered to fdr .
thank you hillary ! !
arrested development protected by epistemic closure produces arrogance , belligerence and ignorance .
looting rioting lynch mobs aren &apos;t &apos; just looking for answers &apos; .
you sound like you &apos;re on hillary &apos;s side
hope you had fun at the snl event .
senator wyden , what i am hearing here is the same kind of things i heard back when pres .
it helps better than most prescriptions do ?
please label gmo &apos;s in ohio .
lets turn our tears into action and start by being the change the world so desperately needs .
thanks for all your hard work suzanne we need more in congress just like you .
many bernie supporters , however , did not .
let &apos;s give stephanie a big thumbs up for being a job creator in minnesota !
richie i think your talking about the false economy of the mid 80s which was a very quick boom and bust cycle ... why , when you don &apos;t like history , do you make this argument .
thank you michael bennet .
i like amy .
as a small business woman employing many single moms , i know first hand how desperately we need a universal health insurance with a public option .
never a mention of rigged voting .
if you dont dead-list the wolves tester than you have my vote ... not that denny would even get it but please dont.take those.creatures off .
go , ron , go !
happy labor day to you and thank you !
thank you congresswoman sinema : )
jon stewart just announced he is leaving the daily show , probably by september .
my daughter is gay and she does not stink.she is a lovely human being that now has the same rights as every other human being
no one is asking bernie to do the impossible .
i support amy !
with you 2 bashing the police , calling them racist and inciting violence in the black community , you are both accomplices to murder .
then you need to endorse bernie
get ready debbie your face and youe stupid quote are all over facebook today .
i hope the justices &apos; see thru the veil of bigotry and rule on the side of equality .
too many democrats are still holding back .
thank you for the response , senator .
your ass will be voted out next .
somehow our drugs get poisoned as they pass through canada .
thanks keith , very well stated .
i &apos;m glad you &apos;re so sure ms. warren .
the democratic party is not a centrist elitist party total out of touch with their &quot; base &quot; .
debbie stabenow we &apos;re very concerned about this new legislation proposed for workmans comp .. once again it lets businesses off the hook .
so we validated white supremacy and sexism and like low lives in america .. what a sad time in american history .
where were chuck schumer fake tears when those people got shot up in the pulse night club ?
ready to get started , but really hoping for a metrowest ( natick / framingham field office ... it would really help us to get it done , like we did for elizabeth !
thank you for helping oregon and the rest of the country .
thank you for your thoughtful response to many concerned marylanders .
dear debbie ,
i will personally be involved in anti-campaigns against sherrod brown
warren was swallowed by the clinton machine and spit out again ... now she &apos;s a part of it ! ! ! ! !
be strong , debbie stabenow , vote with your voice .
i am grateful for having fmla to use .
thank you for sharing your position regarding sessions .
i never understood why trump is labeled a racist for simply wanting all immigrants to follow the law , or in the case of syrian refugees , be properly vetted to avoid importing terrorists .
thank you for speaking out , senator wyden .
he is the montana representative of the &quot; no &quot; vote !
free birth control saves lives for women and men !
because we supposedly know of the presence of terrorists in this country as well as hate groups , as shown by the man caught in santa monica going to gay pride parade with chemicals and guns in his trunk , and we still sell assault weapons to people on the fbi list .
grow up , schumer ... do something significant ; yu good for new york ( who loves &amp; appreciates papatrumps capacity &amp; skill to make good things happen ... faster , cheaper than the intentional delays &amp; confusion of striclty union bosses ) 100 percent fed up
blah , blah debbie .... you don &apos;t do shit for michigan !
keep guns legal if you have to make the gun owners happy , but there &apos;s nothing in the constitution about protecting gun manufacturers from consequences for the devastation and suffering they cause .
this is with out the hlp of gillibrand
many of her supporters are upstaters as well .
ms. warren is quite insane .
i &apos;ve seen far more violence from bernie and other liberal supporters .
i can call you al , but don &apos;t call me betty .
mark - so being ruled by tyrannical political elite progressives is better ?
remember that you are supposed to represent our interest , not the greed of big pharma .
and because of the antiquated electoral college which is not a democratic process , the other guy won .
pls ban the guns , please
thank you for joining the filibuster and calling for common sense gun reform !
rod , proud union pipefitter
it doesn &apos;t matter how kirsten gillibrand votes .
the electoral college shouldn &apos;t guarantee an override of the public &apos;s opinion – and it doesn &apos;t have to .
thank you for speaking up at this difficult time .
during the meeting , mr. netanyahu conducted himself with visible self-submission and humbleness .
good news for equality !
gillibrand has no beliefs or beliefs that can easily change when in her interest .
oh and i am a democrat and voted for lois as she was a fantastic mayor in west palm and is doing a descent job so far .
amy and al ..... how much $ $ $ are you two getting from the volags like lutheran social services that profit big time at the taxpayers &apos; expense for bringing in more moslem refugees ? ? ?
we need more leadership like yours , please come and march with us !
while you were casting you xenophobic and cowardly vote on a possibility fellow democrat and senator patty murray was questioning the gao and demanding we address this real issue .
the free world endorses your sentiments mrs warren
we need your voice now more than ever !
only one who can beat him os bernie sanders or you elizabeth warren
our deepest sympathies in your time of loss .
i &apos;m truly disappointed in you and sen cantwell for not supporting the amendment to lower cost of rx .
the nazis &apos; crying on here are just triggered because they don &apos;t believe in the right to peaceful protest .
what a brave woman .
i am so saddened to hear about more gun violence , especially close to home : (
mr. merkley please help resist the national right to work policy being put forward by the gop .
minnesota is fortunate to have you by the side of its residents .
i &apos;m all in with cory .
the dnc and establishment clearly do not understand what just happened .
it is critically important that we hold trump &apos;s feet to the fire for the next four years and to vote him out in 2020. it can easily be done if the far-left and the moderate wings of the democratic party end their bickering .
thoughts of the families victims is not enough .
i have similar sentiments for your friend , hrc
i learned that in 8th grade ; arethey to old to remember basic ideas ?
kamala should make accountable all bank lenders don &apos;t willing to help home owners to save their homes from foreclosure.the attorney general should implement a hot line for the homeowners to report all bank lenders don &apos;t comply with such assistance .
lgbt immigrants and their families must be treated equally to straight immigrants and their families .
as a new mom i was very impressed and more than happy to give you my vote !
you tell em tammy .
if drumpf gets in more like , &quot; make america hate again &quot; # dumptrump
we voted for president obama and elizabeth warren .
we would like to adopt jon .
blessings and mahalo for every thing you do for us !
i have had a personal experience with drugs from other countries so there is something to be said .
you got this tammy .
you can start by having debbie wasserman-schultz prosecuted for abuse of power .
i wouldn &apos;t blame any democrat to pass on all trump nominees for stealing this seat that president obama should have placed .
keep fighting , patty !
i am so proud you represent minnesota and i thank you for your public service .
how about you push to legalize marijuana as a combatant to the opioid epidemic , or to be used as medicine as it is in the u.k. or how about this radical idea , why don &apos;t you go after big pharma for price gouging ?
a great represenative in congress for joanne and i and especially the whole country ..... i keep saying brown for president in 2016 .....
please tell them i said ; my heart is as broken for these police as it is for the victims of police crimes .
maybe you should quit voting for every one of trumps cabinet nominees and actually put up a resistance .
maggie hassan and annie kuster are going .
don &apos;t think we &apos;re going to forget about your vote to keep restrictions on pharmaceutical imports !
good on you for fighting against the stalker app al ( y )
elizabeth warren of all people , you should know this .
please run in &apos; 20 cory !
lady , you rock !
you like hillary , you must super dumb !
morning joe always makes getting up in the morning so much easier !
thank you senator al
besides the fact that the drugs made for canada are made by the same companies that make ours .
good luck to you , too ms .
minnesota unbelievable
senator booker , your claims about safety are false .
what i say to those communities is you are amazing .
thank you maggie for your tireless efforts !
and , we need to get to the bottom of why russia and trump are so chummy .
democrats seem to be good at reading entire bills they want to pass .
hi patty , are you actually going to enjoy a weekend off , you work sooo hard !
thank you , congresswoman adams , from one educator to another .
ok elizabeth , you have stated your opinion on trumps virtues , or lack of , now please state your opinions on clintons virtues , or lack of .
let &apos;s cooperate with international partners and investigate the matter thouroghly so we can punish the culprits of this heinous crime , of using chemical weapons , accordingly and through the procedures of international law .
resist the trump agenda .
please don &apos;t generalize the female gender when remarking .
thanks to klobuchar , franken , walz and the rest of the democrats ... http : / / universalfreepress.com / obama-illegal-alien-wife-beaters-who-claim-to-have-an-abusive-childhood-can-stay /
trump can not be trusted with his finger on the trigger of nuclear weapons .
andrew - your assertions , the burden of proof is on you .
there is not that much difference in her and bernie &apos;s positions to cause me to abandon her to another candidate .
when obama came into office things got better for my family i have faith in elizabeth warren and president obama .
have you thought that maybe the fda is in the pocket of pharmaceutical companies ?
yay thank you , u.s. senator elizabeth warren
unless you identify with his racist , xenophobic , sexist , misogynistic worldview .
thank you cory booker for standing up and fighting for the pharmaceutical industry .. you &apos;re a hero .
that bannon is a anti-semitic , misogynist , white nationalist with that much power is terrifying .
thank you , sherrod , for all you do !
thank you again , al .
i have never seen so much hatred towards others as i have in the past year or so and it is getting worse by the day ...
claire you have to be strong .
booker is a weasel .
thank you , senator wyden , for standing up for us .
thank you so much congressman hastings .
you and your fellow democratic senators should be ashamed of yourselves not showing up to work .
that is your party amy ... so please everyone stop patting this women on the back .
skagit county is celebrating marriage equality .
and ban of all automatic weapons .
congratulations ambassador and mrs locke ! !
&lt; 3 thanks so much for all you do , amy !
finally ... thank you senator elizabeth warren ... for the people !
your comments are racist , sexist and xenophobic .
run against hillary !
does little chuck schumer need a safe space and coloring book ?
mental health , my ass .
doctors without boarders , the aarp , oxfam , and afl-cio have published numerous studies and communications explaining how the tpp will cripple the middle class .
cory , this is another thing , all of you continually lie to the american people .
amy , just take the star tribune &apos;s advice and move forward to a broader national stage on major issues .
sincerely , montana resident and citizen andrew shawn lauckner
kurt i know you will hold the line for oregon please convince your fellow congressmen to get with it and prevent the sad state of play in washington !
all i can say is you don &apos;t have a clue what you are talking about do-nothing debbie .
as for ndaa , sen. franken changed his vote to no after initially voting yes .
do not fast track tpp - it &apos;s astounding to me that congress does not realize how aware the public is of the sell-out of democracy to corporate interests .
see you at the madison march sat .
why you voted against gmo labeling , is my right to know what my family and i putting in my mouth .
thank you , senator brown !
&amp; chuck schumer , &amp; who can forget clarence thomas ?
sometime we should have a chat , miss amy .
mahalo plenty to all hawaiian # berners especially tulsi gabbard - thank you so much for your hard work ! !
keeps moving dem against extremism politicians
thank you mr. booker for stoking the flames and keeping the division going by making ignorant statements like that .
thank you for informing the public , frank pallone jr. the negativity in some of the responses is deplorable .
proud to live in ma
hoping for the women &apos;s caucus which includes feminist men , to negotiate for a yes vote by congress to pass the vawa prevention act .
if popular vote had been the goal , the campaigning would have been completely different .
at a girl liz !
klepto-kakistocracy ( note the kkk ) kleptocracy ( from greek : κλεπτοκρατία , klépto- thieves + -kratos rule , literally &quot; rule by thieves &quot; ) is a government with corrupt rulers ( kleptocrats ) that use their power to exploit the people and natural resources of their own territory in order to extend their personal wealth and political power .
happy birthday senator .
you have my vote debbie
she &apos;s bought and paid for by trump everyone .
happy birthday and many more to come ..
a lot of hillary clinton &apos;s friends die from suicide .
it &apos;s amazing how the slightest mention of nancy pelosi brings out the looney tunes and extreme haters !
btw have fights broke out at bernie rallies ?
how can college be affordable when people like you get paid nearly a half million dollars to teach one class ?
the memos suggest that shaheen was involved in the irs operation that targeted conservative groups , delaying their applications for 501 ( c ) ( 4 ) groups .
shameful rick .
and traitortrump needs to apologize how a draft dodger who took a mans purple heart living in a gold tower ever thought he could tweet what he did to mr lewis is disgusting , ignorant and sickening .
it would seem that while running for office , senator brown had to change his ways , or he couldn &apos;t get elected .
amy and al thank you so much .
debbie , you need to stop right now .
i hope you will join with others like cong larson from ct and be a strong voice for gun control - thank you !
hello kirsten ,
but why , why , why did you vote against the sanders proposal ?
amen liz warren but i &apos;m afraid you used too many words of truth that trump followers won &apos;t / can &apos;t understand .
good luck deb
unbelievable that the democratic party continues to cave to the failed economic ideas of the right wing .
and yet newark is a mess ... thanks mayor boohker !
i absolutely love your postings , tulsi : )
oh , corporations have always , i mean always made suckers of these people .
cuomo and sharpton : http : / / thenypost.files.wordpress.com / 2014 / 10 / 100114sharpton1wcl _ 99987225.jpg ? w = 840
ramadaan mubarak
this is a new year , you and liz will make things happen for americans ... because you two will be the voters mouth-pirce ... just maybe others will stand and rally with you ...
so glad you are my congressman , lloyd doggett !
this will bring tremendous pressure on president putin ( russian government ) from the people of russia to stop such bloodshed in ukraine of russian speaking people ( who are now potentially russian citizens in view of recent law passed by russia about citizenship ) .
we would like to see nancy and bernie on the committee .
amy , please make a big deal about this in the media , so the average citizen gets fired up about it and raises some heck with their representatives .
they are afraid of the stigma that mental health brings .
i love it but it is getting harder to love whit rick in charge .
sen. blumenthal : i applaud your efforts to fight the ridiculous and damaging actions of the new administration .
the country , state and people who know you thank you and anne for all you do .
every muslim i have ever met has been a role model citizen .
and ms. warren : if you &apos;re doing any events in and around watertown , let me know !
stabenow contributors : http : / / www.opensecrets.org / races / indus.php ? cycle = 2012 &amp; id = mis2 &#91; &#91; share &#93; &#93;
we are so fortunate to have decent caring people on the side hard working americans .
mental health services is what is needed
i showed her and my older daughter a video of you fighting for women &apos;s health care .
your turn in 4 yrs elizabeth
government needs to overcome the pure greed of the nra and gun lobby by immediately tightening our nation &apos;s gun laws .
and that lil hitler trump narcissistic behavior and other lawsuits , financial and unscrupulous dealing need not sit in the highest level of government .
my littleton clinic found a place in berlin to do this test .
thank you for not supporting sessions nomination
senator wyden thank you for actively opposing the appointments of those bent on returning america to days gone past .
i am extremely happy you won .
thank you for your service , governor , and for leaving us such a legacy as christine gregoire , patty murray , maria cantwell , basic health , first steps ......... and so much more .
rick nolan , thank you for the hard work you do in washington dc , and here at home .
that means not taking their money and being a real progressive .
you voted to decrease snap benefits by 20 billion dollars ?
and more than ever , we need democrats to gather their courage and resist loudly .
this is supposed to celebrate the peaceful transition of power .
so true , but senator harris , what about innocent muslims dying in drone strikes ?
charles ortel , a wall street financial analyst , who pored over the clinton foundation &apos;s books , filings and records , thinks so .
mowe love you earl
however , elizabeth , you &apos;re starting to make this sound like two little children on the playground arguing about which one the teacher likes best .
run , sherrod , run
it sends a clear message that trump has no intention of putting a stop to the hateful actions already escalating since his campaign began and since he won .
sick people , disabled etc to try and garner sympathy from those opposed to govt takeover .
pay attention before you accuse democrats of not caring .
you &apos;re a fake progressive for voting against senator sanders &apos; pharma bill , the drugs are re-imported from canada and were originally made in the usa and are obviously safe enough ; your excuse is bs .
corporatio booker
amy , where do you stand on dapl ?
well caroline and catherine , it &apos;s a good thing rick &quot; don &apos;t &quot; come here often !
there is only one state that has successfully passed a bill to label gmos .
tell &apos; em patty !
you are right elizabeth on all counts .
the only thing wrong with trump is his crazy hair .
so happy that you &apos;re my senator !
i find it fascinating that walsh has opinions on abortion yet doesn &apos;t pay his child support .
keep fighting senator richard blumenthal - are there any republicans that are not mean spirited ?
i support bernie , but i &apos;d vote for hillary if she picks elizabeth warren as her running mate .
we love what you are doing for minnesota !
wouldn &apos;t it be great if congress listen to warren and decided to help the country they supposedly represent ?
terror attack al
we love ya , al .
please cory step up in 4 yeras .
you &apos;re lucky you &apos;re still in office .
if it &apos;s so safe for human consumption , then labeling food and ingredients shouldn &apos;t be a problem .
thank you senator gillibrand-and let governor cuomo you support ny raising the minimum wage in new york again
# mining # fracking amy klobuchar
thank you for supporting the right of every man and woman in this country .
another characteristic of a franken voter .
canada negotiates and that &apos;s why their prescription prices are so much lower than ours .
it is time to enact gun control laws .
i agree wuth you frank l dotty
thank you madam president ( in 2016 or 20 ) .
ass sucker
she &apos;s scary .
get him elizabeth !
derek always proud to know someone honest ! !
if the popular vote would &apos;ve went to trump and the electoral college would &apos;ve went to clinton , you wouldn &apos;t be posting this kind of nonsense ..
shame on you maxine waters !
we must speak out against this tide of authoritarianism and this coup of corporations and businessmen .
and your from mass shame when some senator from one of the states that founded the country doesnt see that we need a business man for the people not for lining the senates pockets or wall streets
i agree- boycott the inauguration like your colleague , john lewis is .
cory we need to trust you to be our voice without paid influences
corey sundog mascio it &apos;s really much simpler than that !
but nobody controls her choice to take actual positive steps to draft new legislation but her .
267,000 in 6 years from big pharma cory booker ? ?
&quot; goodbye , constituency &quot; -cory booker
@ jim andrew just pointed out all the deregulated areas that , left to their &quot; free market &quot; devices , led to disaster .
it &apos;s nice that elizabeth warren would express those thoughts ... sad that her constituents don &apos;t feel the same way .
we must resist at every step .
earl is a good example along with wyden of disrespectful self defeating costal elitism that is built on a foundation of seething progressive bigotry .
thank you al for always being so thoughtful .
nice try old lady , trump will be your president soon .
i love the comments , warren is so far left , she walks in counter clockwise circles 😋 😋 😋
instead of &apos; monitoring &apos; something patty , why don &apos;t you and the rest of your democrat buddies just tell the truth about the scandals going on instead of saying &apos; i don &apos;t remember or i don &apos;t recall or i don &apos;t know ? &apos;
&quot; &quot; how dare we , then , exclude a group of people who want to do the same thing you do right now , something that is honorable and noble ? &quot;
i helped work on your website when you first ran for office , but because you are choosing to ignore the overwhelming consensus of wa state regarding bernie sanders , i have no choice but to support your removal from office .
earl , this is wonderful news , but please , stop the damn sequestration !
and thanks to joe biden for pushing this along !
congratulations on you victory atty.gen.elect harris
lol c &apos;mon amy you know crisp , just like here today -7f wind chill -31f .
madam : kirsten , do you mean ?
go suck more pharma balls and thanks for voting against lower drug prices .... sorry but you get no more respect from me anymore .
so i hope you support # bernie2016 asap .
you voted because of pharmaceutical company support .
retraining and rehabilitation for the damaged and unemployed should be top priority , even from a bi-partisan standpoint ...
most definitely , kamala .
although , mr senator ron wyden , he does oppose the trade deal you champion .
thank you senator wyden for standing up for all of us in oregon .
bernie and al ticket ?
michele bachmann has treated the lgbt community with utter contempt and you dare to say she should be treated with respect .
thank you for your kind concern
your words are powerful and we thank you !
just saw this segment on rev al show .
gretchen whitmer , governor of michigan .
congratulations , tammy duckworth , the citizens of il are in great hands !
&quot; she needed more affordable prescriptions , but her leaders were all on the take from the pharmaceutical industry .
the american people want to hear from legislation on how the business and conflict of interest of trump is going to be handled .
if senate is paralyzing merkley and his terrible ideas , they are finally doing something right for a change .
and thank you for all your hard work on our behalf !
no sopa and pipa !
i think any other drug should be considered a pharmaceutical , which it is , and distributed like all other pharmaceuticals .
gosh and don &apos;t be surprised liz if curt shilling doesn &apos;t take your senate seat just the same way don &apos;t make the same mistakes hillary made
yes the do , thank you senator warren
good luck with your journey through treatment and recovery , you can do it , too !
excuse me senator ... why did you and sen. franken sign the national defense authorization act ?
doing away with the electoral college and establishing genuine campaign finance reform must be top priorities in # ourrevolution
from looking at all the comments here it looks like you have set off quite a firestorm here mr booker .
not true equality when those in a multipartner unions are still being denied marriage rights .
it &apos;s not ok to be a moron when you and your democratic party are screwing up the lives of hard working tax paying citizens ..
no disrespect intended mr. durbin , but i don &apos;t think any of you have a clue how difficult it is to live on these low wages .
because that is where all the snowball liberal snowflakes are in oregon .
from rachel maddow blog &apos; rep. john fleming ( r-la . )
kristen maybe you can carry on his work on health care which need a champion in the senate .
we cannot allow bigotry to be normalized .
frank , why don &apos;t you take the lead and refuse to take any corporate money including pacs affiliated with corporations and not for profits .
please do not insult our collective intelligence with this kind if thing .
ok , so what needs to happen next is you need to come out in support of bernie , and you need to run as his vp .
the people trump is putting on his white house team and positions are very scary people .
there is another virus that threatens us all ... sds or superdelegatesyndrome ... it primarily impacts those with higher incomes and promiscuity with larger corporations ... # stillsanders
the policies of hillary and bernie are such that if hillary wins , we become greece , if bernie wins , we become venezuela .
go get &apos; em amy k . !
you fucking understand me you fucking cocksucker ? ! ! ! !
fear is a tool and safety is an illusion .
thanks for the good work you do , rick .
schumer is a far left zealot hack .
2018 bye to about 20 more dems
ms. deb seems to have a lot of misinformation , such as the president and family and congress not subject to the aca , it was passed in the middle of the night , etc ... neither of which are true .
but frank , not to worry , there &apos;s plenty of other groups that can extort money .
he doesn &apos;t need approval as the cabinet members do ..... and even if he did , he &apos;d get pushed right thru just like the rest of trump &apos;s nominees ..... i so appreciate everything you and the dems are doing cory booker , but none of the gop congressmen have the spine to stand up to trump .
nh has the most expensive electric bills than any other state .
i fail to see the problem kirsten , you work for yourself and boost your profits at public expense now don &apos;t you ? stop the stonewalling , and let &apos;s get the president cabinet seated so he can undo all the crap you liberals have rimmed down our throats.remember the last 8 years .
with all due respect , senator chuck schumer you owe it to your constituents to act now , not next year .
the corporate media just doesn &apos;t have the same interests in beating the drum for right wing causes as fox &quot; news &quot; does , so they typically don &apos;t play up phony scandals the way f &quot; n &quot; and the other right wing propaganda outlets do .
thank you congresswoman adams for standing up for us !
sen. shaheen is a good woman .
you have a long road ahead so please remain strong and vigilant for the sake of our democracy !
we will miss jon .
# resist # uprising
trump does not represent oregon values and his campaign is shameful .
she will drop her support of sopa if schumer tells her to , other than that -- no chance of it happening .
idk ... but if you continue to be a strong advocate for lgbt citizens , sign me up for the next go around !
2. how about volunteering at a men &apos;s domestic violence shelter ?
i &apos;ll always be a fan senator kaine .
who the hell invited all of trumps supporters ?
food is more important than oil ... ) , and invest more in other &quot; society cares &quot; programs such as fire departments , police , medical personnel , etc ( the people who work very long , hard hours protecting and helping the general public ) .
we are so proud of you , gwen and tammy !
her minimum net worth is estimated to be $ 42.94 million .
thanks for hearing us , kirsten .
it is very comforting to know that we have you and senator schumer fighting for us .
if you really cared u.s. senator elizabeth warren , you would immediately get behind the candidate that consistently polls as the best chance to defeat trump .
and you didn &apos;t endorse sanders over hillary clinton ?
sen warren you have the voice to start this .
well then elizabeth--get behind bernie and help us !
i think the haters on this post are plants .
please fight hard for medicare !
obama banned refugees in 2011
elizabeth warren , when will you break your silence and endorse bernie sanders ?
thank you for your whale of a contribution in calling out these guys .
trump and bannon are destroying our core values .
you are a champion in so many ways and always fight for the underdog .
canadian drugs are as safe as any .
rick , it is the dnc that is doing the shut down .
mark , unions are what drove pan am and twa to bankruptcy .
the payroll tax holiday is going to threaten the solvency of the program .
it is so amazing to be represented by you and tammy baldwin .
my family has been in illinois since before it was a state ( warren county ) .
those tears are for the missing towers that cast shade on our beloved lady liberty .
chuck schumer - the new leader of hysteria ...
so proud of you senator klobuchar !
i don &apos;t know that i can ever forgive the dnc for what they did .
please remember the people when you are in office , all of us are right behind you and i know you will be a wonderful senator !
he would be so sad to see wisconsin today .
i wish the states of delaware and maryland would look into the windmill off the coast of de .
minimum wages at below poverty levels , unequal pay , bogus religious dominance , i incarceration rate in the world , largest income and economic disparity in the world .
we delawareans have a wonderful tradition that will be played out tomorrow in georgetown known as returns day .
it is scary as i get older to think getting necessary meds might be difficult or impossible .
ms. warren , you are one classy lady !
after living in oregon for ~ 30 years , i have recently moved to new york .
one of the drugs i take seems to have fallen into this trough--my insurance company said it was &quot; going generic &quot; in 2013 &amp; put it into a higher co-pay category--but my druggist says it has not gone generic .
strengthen the state eliot !
should &apos;ve endorsed bernie when he actually had a clear path toward victory .
people like you help me sleep at night , tulsi .
thank you senator menendez , and congratulations on your victory which is a victory for all new jerseyans and all americans !
you just got your asses kicked by five women .
i need a hero who will vote for the people and not for his big pharma payouts .
laura hammons , here &apos;s my hero of the women &apos;s march !
perhaps this is why dems lost .
this trump presidency is also on you .
the inside story of the making and unmaking of the franken presidency &quot; for the fourth time .
i did not know how many racist , sexist , ignorant , low-life american citizens we had in this country--the trump supporters that voted for him .
no to fast tracking and no to the tpp .
trumps troll are out on warren &apos;s page trying to make america hate again .
thanks so much to president obama , joe biden and al franken .
senator warren , thank you for all your hard work.bless your health and al you do tohelp make the changes the youth need and deserve
this wasn &apos;t a &quot; normal election &quot; ; there is extensive evidence of russian interference , and trump continues to be a direct threat to our american values of tolerance regardless of sex , ethnicity , or religion .
thank you louise slaughter for everything you do for ny .
please look at all the new information about bernie sanders that has come to light since the election when you pledged your vote to hillary without even knowing him .
i would offer that any rate of sexual assault is unacceptable .
i think elizabeth would be an awesome first woman president in the future ! ! !
seems to ring true , exspecially since it is not refuted .. asa matter of fact the controlling intrest in the democratic party as it stands now is in total control of left wing , redistributionists , criminals , tax cheats , self proclaimed comunist , socialists ... admit it already .
thank you , senator gillibrand for this vote against devos and for everything you do !
if anyone thinks that those wall street bankers don &apos;t have democrats in their back pockets , you &apos;re blind .
frank has been trying to get funding for a project the acoe approved 13 years ago for our area thru either budgetary funding or earmarks that would have my neighbors safe and sound in their homes for the holidays .
please , congressman blumenauer , don &apos;t stop with citizens united .
gillibrand you have sold your soul to the far left .
bernie dominates trump in the polls .
if you &apos;re all about saving lives congressman john yarmuth ( ky-3 ) , then why is medial cannabis still not being used ?
paul must be pushing for rick perry .
wages need to reflect inflation and contemporary indices are based on older models .
from : diversity to : bannon &#91; &#91; photo &#93; &#93;
very big of you elizabeth , i hope you find peace in your heart .
bernie sanders may not have a path to the nomination at this point , but he &apos;s fueling a movement that will only pick up in the next few years .
it &apos;s time to end the epidemic of gun violence in our country .
vote no amy because think of your kid and your grandchildren do you want their water , land and air poisoned really ?
can you please fight the social justice warriors and the media ?
you know , these responses are more terrifying than trump .
now we get it - the democratic party elites feel threatened like never before .
commit your time to improving mental heath services .
http : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = kgz96pmihmy ny and ct has failed to pay obligation !
and all scott brown can do is wring his hands over racial and ethnic genealogy ... elizabeth warren is brainy so brown attacks her as if she has been an affirmative action baby ... pathetic .
happy independence day debbie .
hahahaha .... you funny hawaiian girl ! ! !
healthcare is an important community investment because everyone profits in one way or another .
it &apos;s oh so telling and actually not surprising how all the trump supporters are the ones with the terrible grammar and awful spelling .
sherrod brown .
dnc we the people &apos;s people .
horrible example to women .
it &apos;s great delaware joined the 21st century .
we are counting on you senator schumer along with your democratic colleagues , to fight this major challenge to our democracy .
also , you should attend inauguration this week .
you &apos;ve taken almost 400k from big pharma .
thanks for hanging in there , al !
more amy ( worthless ) legislation , loaded with pork but pork used to buy democrat votes .
especially not super delegates who pre-pledged to clinton for who knows what favors or compensation .
ever since they called you &quot; the soccer mom in tennis shoes &quot; you &apos;ve represented us here in washington.with heart , spirit , and intelligence all too uncommon in the &quot; other &quot; washington.thanks again for your willingness to take on this scourge about to descend on our country .
the &quot; no &quot; vote was in favor marriage equality .
jeremy beitel
yay tulsi gabbard !
has this senator visited flint ?
not everyone has to like trump that &apos;s fine , america was built on differing opinions to move debates and ideas forward .
so well said , al .
keep on fighting for us all .
thank you for boycotting , thank you for standing strong in your early days in congress and thank you for pushing for progressive change in our stale federal system .
chuck you are a liar and a first class idiot ,
wow isn &apos;t ms duckworth fortunate she has you to not only read her mind but to speak for her .
harper-mercer &apos;s page on the site contained praise for terrorists , albeit of a different stripe — the gunman who killed up to 13 people at umpqua community college had material glorifying members of the irish republican army .
senator jeanne shaheen using this for your political party do you have no shame .
it &apos;s time for politicians , rich people , and drug dealers to pay their fair share .
so disappointed you voted against bernie sanders bill last night .
i &apos;d like to see you and our other colorado representatives follow the lead of michigan &apos;s senator jeff merkley by publicly asking / telling trump to fire bannon .
good luck in all your future endeavors rep. doggett .
but , you are well aware of the fact that hillary &apos;s toxic stew of stupidity while acting as our secretary of state led to the rise of isis &amp; the insecurity of all people in our world .
&quot; men and women are three-part beings .
wonderful to celebrate the diversity in this great country of ours !
amy , keep up the good work !
if my numbers are right ( they were within 10 to the short side in 2008 and 2012 ) , hillary clinton won &apos;t secure more than 255 electoral votes .
sen. donnelly , i &apos;m glad all is well .
sanders is the surest way to capture democrats and independents and young new voters to finally take the wind out of trump &apos;s sails .
elizabeth , please urge him to do this for the fabulous state of massachusetts .
al , please choke yourself !
you wont be missed .
thanks peter , we in vermont are counting on you and others to stand firmly against this kind of bologna !
go , sherrod , go !
trump is an angel compared to hillary
leadership that simply saves lives ...... alex sanchez delegate , dnc # unitedwestand
thanks once again patty , you are indeed a gift to our state and this country ..
it &apos;ll be great for hudson wi and other bordering states - mn companies will probably be forced to move their warehouses there - or their entire companies .
if changing views on national issues is deceitful .. then what about bernie &apos;s voting record of supporting the nra agenda many years ago ... he voted against the brady bill ( ! ! )
what an embarrassment for wisconsin
no on the tpp
three girls and an earl !
debbie , wouldn &apos;t it be a better idea to sponsor scholarships for general practioners and mental health professionals ?
hillary is a woman .
kkk linked to the police department ?
i shake my head over the total insanity of donald trump and have been exploring the reality of moving to canada so i dont have to live in the pure chaos of his mass stupidity and dictatorship
thank you for your attention to this important issue .
michael jared got em lol
you are absolutely on point in your assessment , louise !
how can you represent yourself as a superdelegate when you do not represent the will of the people ?
thank you kamala 👏 🏾 👏 🏾 👏 🏾
thank you , mr. ellison .
eid mubarak right back atcha , representative .
* * * * * * * * * * yesterday , while we were watching the other hand in the con man &apos;s shell game … trump removed the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff and the director of national intelligence from the national security council .
i wonder how many mn families this actually affects ?
please keep up the good fight , senator booker .
~ leviticus 19 : 13 liberate sherry peel jackson !
among the many factors contributing to that defeat was the perceived closeness of hillary clinton and her top aide huma abedin , her vice-presidential choice tim kaine , and president obama himself to what was understood by the public to be the muslim brotherhood .
great news , kyrsten !
@ paul that &apos;s a great point about why gay marriage should be outlawed .
thanks al , at least you realize your not worth the pay your getting .
after all ... outlawing drugs has worked sooooooo well .
i hope you take guidance from howard dean &apos;s 50 state strategy if you become dnc chair .
i &apos;m not sure why there is so much confusion about your vote or why the progressives are so incensed .
taking money from big pharma ?
there are links in support of michigan union workers from all over the world .
oh how i miss old dutch potato chips !
a person does not have to be religious to know that same sex marriage is wrong .
looks to me like it was the anti trump crowd starting all the violence .
not liking a particularly individual of any sex for various reasons is not sexism .
democrats can eat bitter crow in their safe space &#91; &#91; photo &#93; &#93;
happy birthday , mr. brown , i hope this year your iq will catch up with your age .
im so frustrated tulsi gabbard with everything happening this year in our election , thank you for trying to keep you integrity until the last second .
there is a reason that a meal in portland for $ 15.00 is $ 25.00 in nyc or san francisco .
dear amy , i am a constituent and supporter of yours .
the right of a woman to brutally murder her child , for her convenience is not a right to be proud of by any woman !
please also oppose steve bannon with all your might .
thank you for all that you do amy .
thoughts , prayers and love to colorado from minnesota
thanks for the heads up ... good luck , out there ... and , as the first poster said , go carol , go !
there are incredible events happening throughout western wi to continue the fight in 2012 for the middle class , find one near you : https : / / my.barackobama.com / page / event / search _ simple ? source = primary-nav &#91; &#91; share &#93; &#93;
beautiful and powerful speech !
don &apos;t take away the part that protecs native american women .
do not attend .
after four or five people are killed at an intersection , the new york dot considers putting up a new stop light .
our electoral plan had more holes in it than his .
when she says &quot; republican and democratic colleagues &quot; what she means is progressive buddies .
for these reasons a guy like donald trump has a shot , so perhaps it &apos;s time to look at a flawed system instead of the players involved .
trump has no capacity for thoughtful deep contemplation .
our fake liberal democratic police state is out of control , devaluing human life , especially that of non-white human beings .
jackie your experience , strength and much more should earn you the repect to share your opinion that discrimination is the foundation of the bsa &apos;s decision to postpone allowing gay people to join as scouts or serve as volunteers in the organization .
thank you , rep. louise slaughter .
once again , a semi-automatic assault rifle with high-capacity magazines was used to commit a massacre .
if people made the money they deserve to make the economy would get better by raising the minimum wage and looting might stop too ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
&lt; 3 her !
please don &apos;t listen to assad lovers they are criminals like him please come to save us in syria , assad kills us day after day please please please , all my family has killed by assad fuck forces in syria please .
now oppose tpp and then i will know it is a real thing .
&lt; www.change.org / petitions / congress-censure-ron-rodgers / &gt; please also see : &lt; www.facebook.com / groups / 142754032414337 / &gt; frankly , rip van winkle would have done better as us pardon attorney .
al , you state your earnings last year were the same as 1986. yet you neglect to mention your 90s earnings .
thank you for your commitment to a strong public education system , senator !
your own state of massachusetts was not silent ! ! !
^ clearly never attended college .
please keep fighting , senator .
debbie you have to follow the political line here - i don &apos;t - as an almost miami native and living and working with cubans - be advised that the pres.made a big mistake here in not waiting until the castro bros. were both gone .
elizabeth stay in the senate and fight the good fight !
first of all , let &apos;s talk about the dnc and hillary &apos;s super pacs in collusion with hillary &apos;s campaign .. there should be an investigation into that considering that that is a direct violation of law .
we need to focus on reforming the fda and other governmental bodies that force us to only take their prescription drugs that often time make us more sick than healthy .
you also should recognize that hate crimes include attacks based on sexual orientation .
i believe this is from ms angelou &apos;s poem of 2008 , entitled &quot; rise , hillary , rise &quot; .
🎊 🎉 thanks earl blumenauer for pointing out that as usual the global community of gay men known is violently being targeted by terrorists and their violent hatred of gay men known .
get bannon out of there as well .
thank you senator and happy birthday , mr. president !
thanks amy .... i paid a copay of $ 80 for a rosea face prescription yesterday ..
she is , after all , a wall street kinda gal !
hello , please support bernie and your voters .
i hope you can win this battle ms warren !
bernie sanders won the debate .
i am proud to know you will continue to represent all of us .
happy new year to you and your family senator warren .
and neither you or senator duckworth will have anything to do with devos or sessions , right ?
thank you for being our voice senator klobuchar ! !
al , what are you doing about this ?
people have died , people are missing , property is destroyed and most of these comments are full of vitriol and hate - i am amazed but not surprised .
you mean the violence against women , gays , muslims , etc .
i &apos;m for it , putting cell phone service in rural areas just isn &apos;t happening fast enough .
mahalo tulsi ! ! !
or at a very minimum link it to a matching program that will require corporations to invest in technology training centers / facilities in urban blight areas of nys , like troy or poughkeepsie or buffalo .
happy holidays mr. ellison .
and thank you for your efforts at helping to encourage komen to provide unbiased , nonpolitical funding .
you are good for ny state !
congratulations ms. stabenow !
congratulations senator coons ! !
please reconsider and pledge for mr. sanders .
betty - what if israelis buy land from arabs ?
a very dark day for the working people of the state .
hope you win elizabeth along with the president , you both will make a good team .
your family must be so proud you are an online troll .
you don &apos;t have to give up your goals to change the system , it just can &apos;t get done as easily as bernie makes it seem .
do you wish to make an easy target for rape of women who may have been diagnosed with depression or even adhd ?
i am asking you as a true progressive to reach out and help them teresa crouser how can they evict women who have been abused for their own use ? ? ?
your a bottom feeder and your just trolling the net with your hateful , political jargon that &apos;s full of holes .
thanks for your leadership , senator , i know my family in ny will be grateful .
booker 2020 ... we start today
thank you representative huffman for your principled stand and thoughtful explanation .
im hoping for a sanders / warren ticket
i ask , no , i urge you to support bernie sanders as the nominee for potus .
i am looking to gather people who share the same belief regardless of race , religion , gender or sexual orientation .
elizabeth , i thought you were smarter than these comments show .
# powertothepeople # fightthepower # rageagainstthemachine # feelthebern # bernieorbust # hillaryisthestatusquo # firedws # politicalrevolution # shillaryclinton # socialrevolution # givepeaceachance # berniesanders # enoughisenough # goberniego # bernnotice # bernbabybern # wearethe99percent # veteransforbernie # bernieforveterans # endorsesanders
trump has an iq of 110 , at best .
if the dnc hadn &apos;t screwed offer sanders , we &apos;d probably be celebrating him as president today .
voluntary gmo labeling and the use of qr codes or other symbols designed to replace the listing of ge ingredients on the label are not acceptable .
today we saw the democratic peaceful transition of power take place .
the chic jackie kennedy would be rolling over in her grave .
so proud to have voted for you last year : - )
nh parents showed up again in large numbers to support kevin avard &apos;s sb101 .
thank you , joe , for supporting equality !
i support your opponent , dan matthews , because you support the violence against women act , which ignores male victims of domestic violence .
i think a ticket of tulsi gabbard on the top and cory as the vp will absolutely kill it .
all the trump supporters commenting on this post need to get lives .
happy new years senator !
congresswoman matsui thank you for your leadership and support .
do you really want the ones who hate jews and want to kill you and your family ?
hate and distain is all the republicans offer and the closet bigotry continues .
is that why their leader endorsed hillary ?
thank you congresswoman pingree for following your conscience and making the ethical choice .
hillary for president for sure .
as empathetic as you are , please know that so many women &apos;s empathy now surrounds , and i hope buoys , you .
still , you said in your statement that you support the importation of prescription medication from canada .
so firefighters who are 97 % male ( per bls ) are compared to pre-school teachers who are 97 % female to get to the income disparity .
elizabeth warren - thank you
tears are running down many of our cheeks .
thank you for working so hard for your constituents .
thank you congresswoman for taking the steps to improve mst and to save lives .... i hope the public and military sector both realize how many victims die at the hands of their rapist or have to spend years in pain fear and mistrust ... : ( thanks for all you do
claire all you are doing is helping thugs have more advantage of the streets and innocent people .
so with the field where it is right now , rick would be wrong to be supporting sanders .
the right to kill a baby i do not get it please inform me of women &apos;s rights to kill her baby
and that is what sensible , sane gun control is about .
# trumptrain # trumpcountry # trump2016
warren klobuchar 2020
i think warren has smoked too much peyote around the camp fire .
hilary and elizabeth warren both have bigger balls than trump with his little fingers .
why didn &apos;t you support senator sanders in the primary ?
# feelthebern # imnotwithher
do your damn job and confirm the cabinet nominees !
people , hunters , etc can have guns , but no one except military and police agencies need assault rifles .
if there is no virtue in silence than either you support sanders or you don &apos;t , your non support cost sanders the massachusetts primary .. your nothing but the poster child of over priced education , the 10,000 dollar a day professor
amy how do you call that closed ?
it &apos;s ownership has transferred recently from al gore to al jaseera .
trump supporters sitting here talking about name calling , you &apos;ve got to be kidding me .
have the government both underwrite and directly finance student loans .
the middle class needs help .
gun laws won &apos;t stop underground gun sales .
fight trump and the right wing republicans with all your might .
even congresswoman tammy duckworth voted for this guys .
i think a vote for hillayr is a vote to continue war and you warren are a complete and total talker and sell out yourself !
trump is a ghosting and gaslighting coward .
sincerely , joseph p. mercurio nashua , nh
way to go , elizabeth warren .
am with hillary clinton .
sorry for your loss john and debbie .
oregon should not be trailing most of the other states on this ; we should be leading the charge to bring our state laws into compliance with the u.s. constitution , at a bare minimum ; and then to bring them in line with international law asap .
does good work on a lot of fronts but needs to stop working for the chemical council , to the future detriment of his constituents ( see today &apos;s ny times article ) .
everyone should get equal justice to .
how about taking care of all the veterans patty - i thought if was a huge concern of yours .... of , i remember - that &apos;s just when your talking to them .... afraid hillary has your same lip service ....
it &apos;s one thing to say nice things ; it &apos;s another to fight for them and be willing to stand by people like bernie sanders and elizabeth warren , two individuals whom progressives adore .
i understand why you &apos;re doing this but it &apos;s 4 % of the population that are abusing prescription drugs .
i like hillary but she is a political person , very smart and if she runs , i &apos;ll vote for her but i think you would do just as good a job .
turner / gabbard 2020
mrs warren , can you really say all this honest intelligent information and not endorse bernie sanders when bernie and our country need your endorsement the most ?
hey frank , enough is enough of these idiotic posts .
i &apos;m not a trump supporter however , bankruptcy is not failure it &apos;s an strategic move to save a business .
elevating corporate flacks like feinstein as &quot; leaders &quot; bring all women down imo .
make pay us back for all the money he &apos;s lined his pocket with from the lobbying ass holes
can you support bernie .
some of us need a hug and need to be told , it &apos;s going to be alright , we won &apos;t let discrimination and hatred take over the country .
keep up the good work mrs. stabenow !
thanks , sherrod for being in our corner !
second , the allegation of inciting violence is not entirely accurate either .
i am so proud of him as a human being .. # trump2016 .
thank you for your awesome righteous service ms. harris !
thank you for speaking out on this publicly .
rep. jane harman ( d ) — this california democrat has holdings in harmon international industries , an audio products company .
it is time for those of us who believe in love to take a stand for mental health .
tammy , stop sending women and men to wars based on us lies .
why isn &apos;t bernie screaming from the roof tops about the election fraud ?
trump is a good smart person .... a great president he will b. hilary lies and betrays
please ask the to pressure the trump transition team to observe tradition and allow journalists reasonable access to the white house and the president-elect and to stop attacking freedom of religion .
please defeat that blow hard dead beat tea party activist joe walsh .
senator franken is why to in obamas pocket to care ..
&quot; the cornerstone of democracy is an informed electorate . &quot;
the polls clearly showed bernie winning if running against trump .
so donald trump says we need a temporary halt to bringing 75,000 refugees till we get this vetting issue resolved .
( india all top posts 99 % of army , police , civil servants = powerful , top politician + + all top , are with hindu only , power jobs 99 % , top jobs 99 % are with hindu only ! ! ? ?
or as its called in europe , women &apos;s day
thank you , congresswoman , for this powerful note and for all that you do in congress !
i &apos;m glad and proud that you represent minnesota !
the settlement hearing is july 30 , 2013 in los angeles .
( &quot; health care plan would help n.j. , menendez says , &quot; the record , 6 / 19 / 09 ) sen. jeff merkley ( d-oreg .
looking forward to 2020 when cory booker is the democratic nominee
elizabeth just lost michigan in the 2016 primaries .
because some cant afford te shit .
thank you to sen warren for all she does !
it is time for you to come out and help expose the corruption that exists in not just the republican party , but the democractic party to and to fight along side bernie to change this !
stick to your guns patty !
this is caused by corporate greed and screwing with the middle class .
thanks rick for fighting on my behalf !
by joining bernie before it &apos;s too late ! !
an honor to live in your district thank you for your service kamala !
fight for the equality and justice for the retired seniors on social security .
senator , i adore you .
you tell him , warren !
using conventional weapons doesn &apos;t work .
thank you , sen. schumer !
do not kid yourself , mrs. warren .
lol you be funny leichenstine you drunk german you if my eres are brown it was frome being born in liberal minnesota .
support good unions who can prevent unfair pay for men or women .
honeywell which was once a strong minnesota company that cared about their employees has turned into a company helping the rich get richer and not caring about the workers .
this amendment protects freedom of speech , press , religion , assembly and petition .
i hate trump with a flaming passion because i &apos;m actually in two of the categories he hates : women and poc .
ignorance based on not knowing what or how super delegates are free to do with their vote .
i was wearing a elizabeth warren for senate t shirt and you came right up to me and shook my hand and said hello .
there are fanatics who can &apos;t be civil and trump is their water boy .
all it says is that a lot of young people who voted in 2008 didn &apos;t vote in 2010. the democratic party should have kept that interest alive better .
sorry patty but is was a photo of for the democrats .
you &apos;re the best amy , i will continue to support you .
u go tulsi we always need change , you got it .
you &apos;re awesome , tammy !
hard to believe it was not because your big pharma contributors didn &apos;t ask you too !
keep up the work and fight , fight , fight the crazy republicians !
happy f &apos;ing birthday you ass clown !
your awesome amy ! ! !
the unfortunate thing is that hilary carries too much baggage .
and this is why i &apos;m so proud you are my representative ! ! !
like elizabeth , but i &apos;m no fan of the red sox !
fyi your progressive god fdr put japanese people in dentention camps .
you embody all the values of minnesota that i grew up valuing ! ! !
being gay is normal and is mainstream .
she is lucky that trump is making history as the most retarded candidate
i know i will be attacked by the sanders supporters ( as usual ) but i hope you will endorse secty .
what about rushmore , mn never stopped here
that brought tears to my eyes- those precious boys ...
this is an excellent use of funds - breastfed babies are healthier , the additional nutritional needs for mom are minimal - all in all - a win-win for everyone !
we are counting on you and sen. hassan to defend our right to access safe , legal , and affordable abortions against all our opponents in washington !
congratulations tammy from a chicago american indian !
and i don &apos;t accept trump as the excuse .
mahalo for all the things that you are doing for our beloved state of hawaii .
i worked hard , raised daughters always giving them the best life i could , but always struggled , did what was right , and was a democrat .
dear rep. nancy pelosi , i &apos;m asking for your support of the medicare advantage program .
tell your buddies at monsanto to stop killing my bees .
but i will always keep fighting for fairness , equality , our environment , progress , and peace .
it is truly an embarrassing day for minnesota .
if you believe the public is being gouged by the pharmaceutical industry and want to help reduce drug costs , stop taking their money and look like you are in their pocket , which is exactly what your vote this week looked like !
you all still don &apos;t get it do you chucky
shake them up a little , amy .
we neither need nor want keystone xl--hang tough , rick larsen
and accusations against the pelosi family are just so much right wing huffing and puffing .
the electoral college needs reforming .
two anti establishment guys bernie and trump and you havent publicly backed bernie so i guess its safe to presume now that ur part of the establishment .
happiest of holidays to you !
take care of people but don &apos;t forget about the commons- your nay vote on gmo labeling is disgraceful .
being able to work together will be increasingly important as dt tries to push through his agenda .
thanks for your courage and honor sen booker !
wyden will always have my vote !
i &apos;m so glad that you are my representative in congress ! ! ! !
racism and xenophobia .
so exciting a wonderful day
hahahaha you are all just afraid of trumps truths , now go to your safe place , work up some tears &amp; go home to mommy basement 😂
after you admirably testified against sessions many of us were proud to have you on our side .
i hear conflicting stories about kyrsten .
awesome job , amy ! !
great speech tammy !
thank you , senator booker , for standing up for equality and liberty !
thank you , earl , for looking into this .
time for serious talk about mental health care ! !
thank you for serving us , amy .
i have purchased drugs from canada .
and you , patty should resign .
amy , you are an awesome woman !
they , hobby lobby only opposed certain drugs .
waiting to find out your reasons for voting against the import of canadian meds .
bannon is really the president
we have health and human services ( federal ) , do we really need dept of health and social services ( state ) ?
hillary is woorrrssse ! ! !
the democratic party is crazy for not getting behind bernie .
warren buffet = buffet warren = bs
keep up the good work , amy .
with you debbie .
walker is only for big money interests .
thnx keith ellison
you &apos;re congratulating trump on his victory ( losing the popular vote but winning the election ) and telling us to start the healing process ?
i am asking you to vote no on january 31 to confirm jeff sessions as attorney general .
never say die ms. murray !
lori was an amazing woman .
this is a government conspiracy to devalue the dollar in order to prop up foreign currencies at the expense of the most vulnerable citizens in this county .
for example , one of nalco &apos;s major investors is warren buffet .
i know seniors that when obama care is gone that will have to choose between medication or food .
ken and liz .
please withdraw this bill and save the lives of domestic dogs .
you need to endorse bernie and get out and campaign for him .
hobby lobby are hypocrites anyway , since they sell items made in china and thus support china &apos;s abortion policies .
love you , warren
i think it the worst decision you ever made to back hillary clinton and not bernie sanders .
thanks for making me laugh .
we want to support the results of the election , hard &amp; scary as it may be .
i have been unemployed since the end of january 2009. i am a quality professional and my last job i was the onsite project manager for the placement area located at 610 and market street rd .
not sure they understand who mr. doggett is chastising .
sincerely , g. gokul ( on behalf of some 100 million tamils ) kirsten gillibrand
he is one of 435. and i am not democrat and sherman is a good guy .
the dirty secret of all this is the insurance industry which has effectively lowered us mental health standards to the point that almost no citizens are able to get &quot; state of the art &quot; services because they cut into huge profit margins for the industry nationwide .
-bernie sanders
i am a liberal and question your authority ... you are a traitor to the movement cory .
thank you for moving forward .
senator warren , is that abuse of the &quot; terrorist &quot; label not as relevant when applied to sec .
people forget byrd was a racist , was in the kkk , voted against clarence thomas because he was black , used the n word a number of times in interviews ( only a few years ago ) and never apologized .
senator mark warner , thank you so very much for supporting the aca and fighting hard for it !
lot &apos;s of luck with that senator elizabeth warren !
will create a lot of jobs at fort aberdeen and fort meade , will create jobs being moved from new jersey and virginia .
does colleen understand i don &apos;t mean people should be totally dependent on the goverment .
the coordinated democratic campaign can use your help .
as a voice mr. booker , why don &apos;t you strongly denounce the idiots rioting .
we just have make this democracy enter the 21st century and get rid of the electoral college .
stand with barbara lee ! ! ! !
you have my vote in 2020 .
merry christmas tammy .
mark pocan never heard of her .
you and bernie are truly concerned for the &quot; long-term health &quot; of the u.s. , and untimately that which affects the world in general .
it would be very helpful if rural vets could do fee-base thru their rural healthcare system .
please ms warren stand with bernie to prevent the madness from happening .
joe donnelly - one again proving that the phrase &quot; moderate democrat &quot; is an oxymoron .
trump would be worse but until it becomes impossible , i &apos;m voting for sanders .
america is broken , because of people like chuck schumer , # votehimout
amy bivens smith paul harper
dear senator murray , i did not vote for you and i think you really do not listen to the people and what we really want and i hope that his election was a wake up call for you .
we must all resist !
sanders / warren ticket ! !
what if occupying countries like iraq and afghanistan--and bombing pakistan--is directly related to the hatred directed towards us ?
.. thanks .. and the best to you , too !
if all men ( persons in jeff &apos;s english ) were created equal we wouldn &apos;t be talking about sex ( most say gender ) today .
did you hear that walgreens will no longer take medicaid prescriptions b / c the reimbursement is too low .
thank you for your empty words sfc ( r ) michael mckeegan
* you cannot lift the wage earner by pulling down the wage payer .
for all those who feel we should respect the office and give him a chance , &quot; at minimum , it &apos;s time for donald trump to start acting like president trump , not an immature , undignified reality star with questionable friends and a twitter addiction . &quot;
just curious ... do you think scott brown will wish ms. warren a happy birthday when it comes time ?
this cocamami bull should be addressed but also the government should have a lot more supervision over doctors that feel that they can deprive patients from necessary medications because for one reason or another are terrified by the dea .
sounds like elizabeth warren just endorsed bernie sanders
stand by bernie !
she was initially diagnosed as having an appendix attack .
i appreciate that you are trying to hear us , but be clear , the exact reason you voted against the bill supports big pharma agenda .
you go , woman ! give em hell !
then get behind sanders before it &apos;s too late .
so corporatist is perfectly fine with you if she &apos;s a she ?
yes they are , and those is power often determine who &apos;s more equal than others .
love you kyrsten .
hell is waiting for you , so sad for mn .
thank you i support your decision .
way to shit all over the american people , cory !
now endorse bernie
thank you louise for working so hard for what is right and against what is wrong under this new administration .
elizabeth warren : the president we deserve .
thank you patty , you do a great job for women , for washington state and for all of us .
we will be watching all the democrats actions and will make a plea for californians to consider voting for a republican in the 2018 and 2020 elections .
amy , i am conservative through and through but i believe you truly want the best for our state .
senator mark warner , i have always admired you but i will admit that today , i am feeling let down .
thank you tammy and congratulations again for the win .
we can provide her on video at bank using his atm but the da , police , senior services they are not wanting to follow through with senior abuse charges .
i admire you tremendously , you are a strong , powerful woman who manages her career and still has time to cook .
vote for democrats on tuesday to raise the minimum wage to a respectable $ 10.10 a hour !
( p . 661 ) finally , and as if to prove the bumper sticker correct - that &quot; gun don &apos;t kill people , people do &quot; - the study also shows that russia &apos;s murder rate is four times higher than the u.s. and more than 20 times higher than norway .
if your plan is to run in 2020 you can bet all of us who are holding you up on a pedestal will remember how you voted against us .
how many people are getting their rx meds seized by customs ?
corruption in the dnc .
thank god we have intellectual leaders like ms. warren .
thanks for your service rest in peace .
thank you for running the best democratic history making campaign with such dignity and class !
the democrats are either too weak or unwilling to contest the fact that they have lost two elections now after winning the popular vote .
also : using hoses to pump in toxic bacteria and chemicals such as arsenic , crushed pills , rat poison and more .
we can be better--that &apos;s why we want bernie .
got news for kamala .
would prefer if you were running , claire .
ohh and al franken is a pos who i hope gets replaced in 2014 he is a disturbed man .
amy , i really appreciate your comments on facebook .
if you &apos;re free , stop by anoka-ramsey community college in coon rapids tomorrow ( fri 2 / 22 ) from 10-10 : 30am .
well , they have overwhelmingly spoken in the presidential election that they , your constituents want senator sanders as their choice .
the electoral college elected him not the people
my sentiments exactly congressman yarmuth !
this is not a health related issue , it is our defense against taking a life and in the case of the catholic religion , preventing life .
it happens when he trolls democrats facebook pages .
developed countries are all interested in the safety of their citizens and several even have a good track record of not harming them with faulty prescription drugs .
thank you senator for working on the right side of yet another pivotal piece of legislation .
nancy pelosi is one of those privileged few .
also , if i was in sen. warren &apos;s shoes , my post would have went something like this : &quot; today is president barack obama &apos;s birthday .
sen. schumer : what in the world were you democrats doing when sen warren was driven from the floor by that phoney rule dragged in by mitch mcconnell and his toady senate president ?
because hillary is much better .
i am a non-traditional , first generation college student who is graduating in december with a ba in social work .
the right wingers are all fine with a great big rupture and enormous oil slicks all over the great lakes .
keep working to help us overcome hate and bigotry and racism ; and spread love and kindness .
please reconsider teaming up with u.s. senator bernie sanders to find solutions that will help the american people .
i am 100 percent for black lives matter but not not not if they aren &apos;t peaceful and respectful .
your sitting out the inauguration means you are standing up for your constituents who will be harmed most directly by this truly tainted election .
i feel safer knowing you all are keeping things as sane as possible — but always with us in mind .
deanna - &quot; jackass &quot; means a male donkey , and since morristown &apos;s famous resident thomas nast popularized the donkey as the symbol for the democratic party , i &apos;m happy to be associated with it .
canadian - made drugs are on a par with ours and much cheaper .
i do not know if your campaign funds include money from pharmaceutical companies , but sir , if it does , and you voted no for affordable drugs when republicans are destroying the poor and middle class , you have entered the ranks of the politicians that should retire .
presumably he is now on medication to clear his thoughts .
perfectly stated congresswoman brownley .
good afternoon congressman larsen .
please debbie , maintain the struggle for american values and integrity in the face of trump and gop horse-puckey !
interesting article on el paso history !
then we &apos;ll kick ass .
we are told that democracy shouldn &apos;t work for sanders only for hillary .
bullshit is what you preach .
he needs to get back to the foundations of the progressive democratic party and stop caving in to the tea-baggers !
thank you keith ellison for your bold stand on behalf of the many people who have been targeted by the repeated messages of hate from our president-elect .
there is plenty of science that disputes the safety of genetically modified food .
don &apos;t hold back , ms. warren .
yes both clinton and trump are pathetic .
kyleigh elizabeth maxwell
i &apos;d rather have trump then hillary , at least with trump people would stand up for themselves and set this country straight , if hillary wins we as a people are truly fucked .
i think this war on women and all this bigotry should have ended 50 years ago .
thank you , congressman gerry connolly !
thank you rep. connolly for taking a stand .
same to you great lady .
thank you sherrod brown , keep standing for us .
oh , elizabeth warren .
but we also need parents and students to be more realistic about college .
see liz run ! ....... run liz run ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
truth senator booker .
thank you for taking on this incredibly difficult task .
i &apos;ve had my eye on cory booker for many years .
oregon is bernie country .
wish udall was back .
thank you , senator , please continue the fight ....
jeanne i hope someone took yours
chuck stop spreading fake news
i &apos;m most shocked by the behavior of trump supporters , now that trump has riled them up.the challenge is that these people will need to come to the realization that divisiveness and hate breed more of the same ; they can &apos;t be told who , or who not , to support .
kiss any chance you had at a presidential bid you had in 2020 goodbye !
stop drinking the kool aid , folks , this guy is in the back pocket of the nj big pharma drug lords .
so , you &apos;re running in 2020 , right ?
as for your &quot; economy &quot; remark jim .
he has the leadership skills that the democratic party needs now , more than ever .
you really feel that student loans is the issue that is the most important to you right now ?
she said it , he fought against civil rights act in 1968 fervently .
http : / / www.israelvideonetwork.com / the-untold-story-of-violent-muslim-opinions-graphic-warning / the untold story of violent muslims .
there are issues about vote tampering from russia , the elaborate but opaque connection trump &apos;s businesses have around the world , trump &apos;s obvious plans to enrich himself and his cronies , the whole range of conflicts of interest among his nominees , comrade trump &apos;s stupidity-no security briefings .
let &apos;s boycott black friday and christmas this year .
senator warren , ma &apos;am , this country needs you perhaps more than ever .
4 ) bernie sanders political revolution is awaking many of the 41 % of eligible voters who do not vote .
i think we should treat president elect trump with the same amount of respect and dignity that he treated president obama .
sorry , stop raping illinois at your convenience ..
i fear we may find out what happens when losers win .
when can we count on you to make our communities safe by taking steps to enact sensible gun safety laws ?
please boycott the inagriation
dubya couldn &apos;t find allies to commit significant resources to help , and there were massive protest rallies all over the world .
oh lizzie your phony rant is so yesterday .
you don &apos;t want to get into a facts fight on this , because you will see that it is a completely different demographic who are responsible for the majority of rapes , murders , sexual abuse and violence in this country .
let &apos;s go tammy !
thank you for your support of this bill and your support of equal rights .
i am hoping by the time she has daughters who can vote , women will have full equality and respect and this will be normal .
with today &apos;s nightmare in belgium , every xenophobic fan of trump probably just had the flames of hatred stoked yet again .
al franken you are the biggest jerk in minnesota .
but then again , it &apos;s no secret that pallone is the heir apparent for the dem nomination for senator once lautenberg retires .
marriage equality wasn &apos;t even on our platform .
how can the electoral college be adjusted for the next election to reflect the popular vote ?
that evil kkk , democrat party created kkk , the same kkk who intimidated voters and murdered black people for the democrat party kkk .
oregon is proud to have you as our senator - - -
so make a decision today that you are going to live a great life , full of great service , inspiration contribution because what you have the world needs !
senator schumer , as the most powerful democrat in congress , america needs you to rally all the dems , in both houses , and move as an army and fight against the president and the gop .
so , here &apos;s my question : why weren &apos;t the prudes at hobby lobby morally offended enough at coverage being allowed for erectile disfunction drugs that they went after them , too ?
thanks louise slaughter for fighting this battle !
i really appreciate your work in the senate and the work you have done with other women senators and representatives to get this congress working together .
please stay strong and thank you for all the work you do .
the democrats need to defeat trump .
kirsten , please continue to represent upstate ny values as conservatives feel forgotten in a state that follows only what nyc wants .
what can be done to throw out the electoral college for future elections ?
spending our taxes on the investigation of &quot; real crowd size on inauguration day &quot; ! !
so those who call for more gun control don &apos;t quite understand how things work .
democrats need to pass progressive laws * whenever * possible and not nitpick if they aren &apos;t the best they can possibly be .
hey chuckie - i &apos;m a dreamer !
thank you for your service in our military , happy birthday , and thank you for your support for bernie sanders for president .
betty - the democrats tried for months and months to negotiate with the house republicans on many issues .
we have fertility clinics helping women to have multiple births , people cloning themselves , etc ... all because they &quot; want to &quot; .
thank you sen. gillibrand for your support .
kirsten , under no circumstance will i as a ny citizen ever vote for you should you vote to support this bill .
thank you mr pallone- a 100 + years ago it was said the irish were coming here to steal american jobs and spread their catholic faith .
senator debbie stabenow , you are a tremendous asset to the usa in providing a farm program that we can all manage .
i &apos;m so proud to have a woman like you representing me in congress .
her silence is an acceptance of establishment dnc politics and showed cowardice and a severe lack of character .
i sure hope the nra gets addressed .
bernie and hillary may of won , but bernie and elizabeth would of been a catastrophe for them republicants .
and police officers need more money and benefits .
we can do more brian !
what the hell do you democrats do all day ?
i was thoroughly disappointed in your speech &amp; actions against president trump &apos;s implementing stronger vetting of non us citizens trying to enter the usa ! ! ! !
thank you - we will continue to fight for a woman &apos;s right to choose .
i will save it for anither 6. thank you amy !
hillary has bigger balls than trump can even hope for .
but four-eight years of hilary or bernie would be much worse .
god willing i &apos;ll be a full time nj citizen again .
to my congresswoman debbie wasserman schultz , you wanna redeem yourself ?
mahalo tulsi for the outstanding progress super appreciate your work , if you ever like one coconut water on kauai let me know !
help community banks thrive !
democrats better get smart and nominate bernie .
mr. nolan , my wife was 35 when she was diagnosed with stage iv lung cancer .
just saying patty is as much a career politician as any of the rest that no longer have a grasp of reality .
thank you , senator for speaking out against bannon
his famous words ... &quot; while women weep as they do now .... i &apos;ll fight ...... &quot; silence has been sustained for much too long .
nancy - check this out : &quot; is darrell issa the new joe mccarthy ? &quot;
oh goodness , happy thanksgiving , al , and thanks for all the great work you are doing .
hubert h. humphrey ii left texas to serve as mayor of minneapolis then become u. s. senator from minnesota .
sen. stabenow , have a heart !
oh margaret i am so so dearly sad for you as i know what a big presence she had in your lives i will say prayers for your dear friend please give stephen my condolences 😘
thank you , elizabeth warren for your words in conjuring their memories .
incites his supporters to violence ? ? ? ? ?
just like senator smith in the old jimmy steward movie .
i sure am grateful to have it !
you are both strong , influential , inspiring women !
she &apos;s already corporate as they are .
we all in the u.s.a. love you kristen
democrats must connect with the white working class in washington state and the country while strengthening their commitment to inclusiveness .
hey cory , looks like bernie is giving you a shot to redeem yourself , you better vote correctly .
the criminals in the mob have more ethics than the criminals like you in congress , frank .
perhaps , to educate , enlighten , recognize , heal , nurture , feed and care for all people all the time we can lift people up and out of the anger and violence at the root of these events .
100 % of these shooters are crazies .
i am embarassed walsh is my rep .
what are you doing about reducing the costs of prescription drugs in america ?
christopher is the right decision that your duiaghters adopt your belief system ?
donald trump is indeed odious , but exit polls prove he won his primaries honestly .
so are you , patty murray , going to stand with senator john lewis and boycott the inauguration ?
it &apos;s also civil rights , why should a service member be treated so differently from her civilian counterpart ?
thank you rick larson for giving us someone we can feel good about voting for !
feel free to plug the tampon safety act !
letter to the editor ... once again with president barack obama &apos;s state of the union speech , with amy &quot; republican lite &quot; klobuchar clapping on cue , we got another politician hypocritically talking about &quot; jobs , jobs , jobs . &quot;
&quot; there is no virtue in silence &quot; .
left the democratic party today .
honored to have you as my senator .
nestle is the very epitome of the evil corporation .
what a wonderful country you would have if you , elizabeth were in the white house along with your friend bernie !
ty for being courageous and publicly endorsing bernie tulsi !
elizabeth warren in 4 years !
i &apos;ll take elizabeth warren over donald trump any day .
keep up the good work , keep making us proud in minnesota .
thank you ms. k. you have my support .
hand guns , assault weapons and large capacity ammunition clips are simply unnecessary .
patty someone has to stop the republicans .
mahalo senator schatz for these words of hope .
&quot; the safety argument has been used before , a favorite of the american drug industry and its allies in congress — but it &apos;s especially egregious after the cures act , which was passed last fall and undermines the fda &apos;s ability to enforce drug safety .
@ soror marcia so proud so proud of you and your work .
thank you , social security !
and for felix , well , my landlord abandoned him 2 years ago and i have taken care of him , he is the outdoor cat---i will have to leave him behind , and that really tears at my heart .
thanks for having our backs elizabeth !
outstanding work amy .
oh amy don &apos;t go that far
i am so glad to have you for our senator and so proud of your work in getting this stubborn tantrum resolved !
thank you jackie speier for supporting peace and mediation .
god bless u.s. senator elizabeth warren !
they deleted my comment , most likely because his showboating on the issue is past , he even refused to speak at a benefit for domestic violence that we raised over 5000 dollars for under anna hurds name
joseph - how in the world did somebody convince you that restaurants in san francisco are exempt ? ?
does that mean equal hours worked and equal productivity and all other things equal ?
thank god for you , peter parker .
hello congresswoman suzan delbene , and happy easter to you .
says does mrs pallone eat with mr pallone at these &quot; event &quot; ?
jon tester , my concern is roe v. wade .
thank you senator for speaking out and for fighting on our behalf
i could not agree with you more chellie !
happy mother &apos;s day from winter haven fla .
drumpf didn &apos;t look very brave holding onto a security guy like a little baby would his mom .
we in riverdale need your leadership now more than ever .
please be motivated to speak the truth and not bend to this latest wave of authoritarian nationalism .
they both have no trains to take their passengers to anywhere , and trump train ?
tell it al
thank you for your leadership on this issue , debbie !
al , would it make a bit of difference if anyone posted any government program that &quot; worked &quot; ?
senator chuck schumer : tears didn &apos;t work so now we use &quot; fear &quot; : http : / / www.breitbart.com / video / 2017 / 01 / 30 / schumer-trumps-order-will-make-us-less-safe-will-encourage-lone-wolves-america /
thank you kirsten for supporting healthcare reform .
i am most grateful i do not live in her district .
i posted another l.a. times article ( 11 / 5 / 10 ) on my wall which states that there are 2 million ballots remaining to be counted .
liberalism is killing this country and your hand prints are all over it , nancy .
i can &apos;t wait till inauguration is done so we can move on .
senator amy klobuchar , you are a little late !
candidates would rather talk about isis terrorism gun violence when poverty costs much more .
the drugs from canada would be the same drugs we take her but less expensive .
amy please don &apos;t let them mess with our social security benefits , surely there must be something else they can take away .
thank you for your hard work during this terrible hearing process .
what happened to being &quot; blessed and honored &quot; to work with jess sessions as you have said in the past ?
i know that half of the nationwide lobbying effort by american unity fund ( a pro-gay marriage organization that lends financial support to republicans that vote &quot; accordingly &quot; ) has gone to minnesota .
however as a populist it is easier for her to demonize the industry .
i want to see anna karenina as well
i live in wi and wish she was our senator !
damn , i am sure she is spewing the typical liberal democratic talking points .
i &apos;m a rain worshipper , myself , and i am concerned that you might influence it not to rain , kyrsten !
i hope bernie &apos;s your friend too , debbie .
run for the white house in 2020 .
i remember your first campaign and have been so happy to see you continue to serve western wisconsin so well .
grow up and face it boys we women are here to stay and we will continue to fight for equality for all .
happy birthday , senator warren !
wake up elizabeth warren and represent the moral majority !
senator schumer , those are words .
mr cohen your fight is just and i appreciate what your doing .
pretty sure your money trail leads to the pharmaceutical industry .
that &apos;s fine jon .
no more democratic acquiescence on trump &apos;s cabinet picks until we can be sure they understand the rule of law .
happy new year to you and your family , as well , debbie .
i am a military sexual trauma survivor recently moved to the twin cities .
happy birthday guvnah ! !
happy birthday , ms. harris !
i went to the fda and the hope committee in congress to get acknowledgement of fqad .
&lt; 3 you tammy ! !
please senator booker , can you do something do prevent the gop from repealing the aca ?
brown , you are a disgrace , you pos
mr. franken , before your first workday at your new job , i hope you celebrate with a concert like this one : http : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = b _ mwsdfm7bq that was cool .
what are the democratic senators doing ?
bernie sanders is the answer to this dc mess .
thank you elizabeth and thank you for the words you spoke publicly with the governor and boston mayor .
kirsten , thanks for the updates .
the nra had a fundraiser for her in the past .
so if he is from nj all the people who work for the pharma industry that support him afraid counted in those numbers .
hillary is far too hawkish for my taste , but i will support her if we do not have u.s. senator bernie sanders
access to good health and affordable health care are civil rights issues !
support for health care that keeps these guys under medication and , if needed , lock and key .
hey keith , ya little wuss .
i am not worried &quot; the government &quot; will chose to grab my hunting weapons if the assault guns are controlled .
coconut cream for sure elizabeth , thank you for your committed effort , i know how difficult it must be and all the criticism &quot; unwarranted &quot; you must receive .
i have only seen democrats being violent .
minnesota won the bid !
do &apos;t misunderstand me - i lost a cousin , age 35 , to breast cancer .
just more right wing hypocrisy .
my grandkids asked me if i could be friends with anyone famous ) i said amy klobuchar !
although you &apos;ve been there for a bit , it &apos;s nice to know you started as the mayor of my city !
please put a strong statement against this appointment on your website and begin strongly urging fellow democrats to stand united behind you in not allowing this to happen !
question : this whole ordeal from start to finish has cost the state millions ( if i &apos;m not mistaken ) is there any recourse the citizens of oregon have against these people ?
used to live in wa state and voted for patty while there , i really want her to win again this year !
congresswoman ، please vote no on striking syria .
we are relying on you , and other members of the senate and the house , to do more than just vote against cabinet picks .
i love you ms harris .
tara jackson
madame president 2016 !
you continue to make me proud that you got my vote .
hey franken sounds like your pissing people off pull your head out of obamas ass and do the right thing , for which you where put in office for .... for the people of minnesota .
elizabeth , are you calling the people you disagree with terrorists ?
you &apos;re more frightening than donald trump any day .
cory for president 2024
great job frank !
sinema this year is one of a few dems i ignored on the ballot .
khalid samad is a community activist as you know and has servered our people and practicing prevention of gangs and keep our community safe .
mike lapointe for congress
after only two weeks i was fired because one of the uo staff know about me working at women studies !
how can you dare invoke local foods when you voted against the bernnie sanders gmo llabeling bill
you only know pandering fear mongering and hate .
i am so proud to have you represent me .
i kind of think both parties are scared shitless over a possible trump presidency .
dear ms. harris as a student of heald college in honolulu , hawaii , i would like to say how disappointed i am that you have single-handedly prevented the purchase of heald college .
al , i support most of your issues .
thanks for your contributions on this important bill .
get s grip chuck
speak up ❤ ️
why not admit to the rest of the world that you and richard durbin are increasing the number of h-1b visas in spite of overwhelming evidence of abuse of that work visa ?
get lost cory , you blew it .
so yes , let &apos;s share the sacrifice chuck , let &apos;s make it &quot; fair &quot; .
unlike with trump &apos;s cabinet picks ?
bottled water is a temporary fix at best .
thank you for representing montana !
frank , you &apos;re an idiot .
are you going to take a stand on this muslim ban or continue to stand for big pharma and vote for people like mike pompeo ?
thank you for supporting health care reform and efca !
i &apos;m glad the asian carp trumps our nations 16 trillion in debt .
al , now work on making insurance affordable to families on employer plans .
actual progressives celebrate progress and build on it .
being a senator is a privilege that needs to be respected and you voted yes ?
love warren .... not so much for hillary
let &apos;s make this a populist grassroots vote and not leave it to the legislatures who benefit from these supreme court rulings !
give your seat to an honest progressive .
also i have not seen the kkk celebrating .
thank u for all u do &amp; the way u do it amy !
excuse me liz , ah ..... if you haven &apos;t noticed , the country is going broke !
i hope that the dnc embraces the younger voices , like yours , as we need fresh blood , and these issues that hurt the middle class , the working class , and the foundation of our country , are quickly addressed by the dnc leadership and at all levels of government .
thanks kamala
now it &apos;s time to give joe walsh his walking papers .
i was even happier when you became a senator !
thank you elizabeth for continuing to be our voice
you have pointed out in an interview that hillary has yielded to corporate pressure , even when knowing the negative consequences on the american people .
dear congressman sherman , thank you a million for co-sponsoring house res .
if patty murray and maria cantwell and a few other democrats had voted for this , it would have passed .
sherrod really ..... what a bland post .... we make ohio a better place and we lose the state to sexual predator ? ? ?
congratulations senator brian schatz .
honesty is incompatible with the way freedomworks , americans for prosperity and the koch brothers ( and other billionaires funding right wing populist stooges ) operate .
jon tester is a highly ethical montana rancher , val , who works hard for the veterans , farmers and all montana and yes , val , he has a honest and ethical nature jusy like all montanans .
when will you answer the question of why you voted no for the importing medicine from canada bill ?
like any one of these gun nuts voted for al .
yell all the hatred and anger you want but hilary , bill , and barack are in town now !
politicians like al franken and obama opened the doors for those like donald j. trump .
don &apos;t let him take away women &apos;s rights or lgbtq rights .
then , the rsc sends a request for assurance of placement to the united states , and the refugee processing center ( rpc ) works with private voluntary agencies ( volag ) to determine where the refugee will live .
disappointed in you senator booker .
thank you for attending the inauguration and representing all of the people in your district , not just the ones that vote the same way you do .
we need our minnesota senators to put the environment and climate change high on the list of things to work for .
if this is the case , then why did you vote bernie &apos;s plan down ? ! ?
but rep. pallone did vote &quot; aye &quot; for h.r.
we do all the leg work for the patient and the doctor.we also keep up when its time to order and we reorder meds for clients.we do charge a fee.99.00 .for3 months .
that sounds good amy , but maybe if we worked on lowering the price of gas and i &apos;m not talking ethonal , people would drive more and then they would check out the &quot; land of 10,000 power poles &quot;
thank you so much for coming out in support of bernie sanders ! !
trump says so many hateful things then denys any responsibility .
don &apos;t hold back elizabeth , go for the gonads .
conspiracy theory : sanders knew his bill would fail , but his strategy was three-fold .
is big pharma selling substandard , unsafe drugs to canada ? your &quot; safety &quot; argument is not fooling anyone .
i &apos;d stand with john lewis any day , and i will not normalize trumps hateful behavior .
thank you , for my immigrant grandparents !
although in nj now , we support you and your mission to actually keep america great !
trump , clinton , and sanders .
the emails were especially embarrassing to dnc chair debbie wasserman schultz , a close hillary supporter .
you and al franken earn every penny you make .
image &amp; substance ... vote for tulsi !
hear hear kamala
thank you senator merkley for your unwavering support .
ideally , we have a legal way to remove him , either by electoral college vote , conviction of federal crimes , or just plain mental unfitness ( which is surely true - tho he may look sane , so did hitler , in public anyway ) .
# notmypresident # notmypotus # nottrump # nebuchadnezzer # daniel4
trump is not a racist , sexist or xenophobe .
cory booker , regarding your vote against bernie &apos;s legislation to import prescriptions from canada , you are losing a lot of support from the people that elected you to represent them .
this is everyone &apos;s hope elizabeth .
wow , nancy has a breakdown .
elizabeth warren , why have you not backed hillary ?
elizabeth warren will be the next senator and rightfully so !
u.s. senator elizabeth warren we the people look to you to lead us in the battle against fascism .
you have a lot of explaining to do voting against reducing prescription drug costs ?
he gets donations from big pharmaceutical companies ! ! !
i &apos;ve known sherrod for a very long time and known him to be true to his word and one to sit down one on one with &apos; his people &apos; .
thanks for representing us so well and sticking to your guns with bernie .
elizabeth warren : gun control now .
looks like the teabaggers still need one of the wonderful fleet products .
don &apos;t kid yourself about hillary &apos;s popularity , the nevada caucuses were openly hostile between the two fractions and the sanders supporters are in no mood to put up with the indifference and disdain from the establishment anymore then the trump supports .
cory booker , this appointment has made more negative news of fb than anything else i &apos;ve read over the years .
306-232 - 31 of the 50 states are &quot; red &quot; a few days ago , the &quot; libs &quot; wanted people to sign a petition to still make hiliary the president because of her 300,000 vote lead in the popular vote .
he is starting his run for 2020 !
sorry drumpf supporters bernie wins in every poll http : / / sourceplanet.net / politics / bernie-beats-trump-in-every-poll /
happy 2013 , senator !
i like bernie sanders .
please do not support any deal that endangers our social contract , senator gillibrand .
i have attempted to call your office and leave a message , but your voicemail was full - hopefully with calls from other constituents who oppose pipa
and the democrats response is to try to shove a corrupt and incompetent old woman down our throats while freezing out a man of integrity like bernie.the dnc has done volumes to see trump is elected.were not electing hillary
it &apos;s about time someone with a little class , lots of smarts , and no fear publicly and precisely describes the horror of a donald trump presidency , thank you senator warren .
you &apos;re just another big pharma whore !
the pharmaceutical &amp; insurance cos. have been plundering us for years .
merry christmas rep. mark pocan and thank you for all you do .
we don &apos;t accept the greed and dishonesty that this mam stands for .
they planned this , they wrote it , they are the only ones to benefit from it , and their lobby group funds the democratic party .
thank ms. tulsi for you services for both hawaii and for the us .
happy that your still my congressman , love ya stephen lynch ! !
frank , you &apos;re lying .
joe , it &apos;s both .
the bankruptcy court allowed trump to reorganize his corporate debts and allowed the casino to keep operating .
without the electoral college the country would be run by hollywood .
why did you vote against bernie sanders bill to import drugs from canada ?
&quot; it &apos;s class warfare , &quot; they cry .
tbone wa people pay taxes too .
funny that you say all this but your support is still hidden mrs. warren .
senator michael bennet , thank you for upholding this nation &apos;s immigrant legacy .
joe , why don &apos;t you introduce a stand alone bill to allow medication imported from canada ?
what makes you an expert or think a woman is going to be worse .
hello amy , what are you doing to help middle income families who are buried in student loan debt ?
you are an amazing hero !
thanks for caring about minnesotans and doing the job that you were elected to do ! we appreciate yo amy !
you libtards crack me up .... remember how nice pelosi &amp; the democratic controlled congress was to president bush .
please i &apos;m asking you this for the seek of our country and our democracy , i &apos;m tired working and see how the are destroying our middle class !
women vs trump uniite
the bill gives the fda little money but maybe the fda needs less funding after all they have their secret missions too , like keeping cannabis illegal .
so whom should we support as an alternative u.s. senator elizabeth warren ?
you may get your chance real soon , because ...... the massive election fraud that has occurred throughout this campaign is being exposed right now as we speak ..... bernie has already won the democratic nomination with the required 2383 pledged delegates ; hillary has not .
please keep fighting for our progressive values , all of them .
please also work against devos , sessions , and bannon replacing qualified personnel on the security council !
it &apos;s already been established that the guns were purchased legally , with background checks ( and oregon already has that law ) .
one question ... if a church continues to teach ( in accordance to its beliefs ) that homosexuality is a sin , does this ruling now or eventually mean that such teaching is considered &quot; hate speech &quot; or a hate crime ?
what i see is those corporations making many senators and congressmen , both parties , millionaires with payoffs .
# wearenotgoingaway # stillberning # stillsanders
sinema is a phony .
jezhhhh , amazes me to think that anyone can substantiate bad or evil behavior that way and that congress can change evil intent or mental illness in people .
wise words , senator klobuchar !
the people voted you in not the 1 % and corporate america .
i &apos;m proud to have you represent me in washington !
this is an nj issue you moron
i wonder if ambassador stevens &apos; surviving brother and two sisters feel the same as professor warren ?
this is my plea to you , that as you return to the senate let &apos;s start by changing the electoral college and make the vote count , popular vote !
you are truly an inspiration for all of us !
when was the last time the democrats won the white vote in a presidential election ... 1964 .... so this is why they have to fabricate and keep racism &amp; victimization alive .... have mass influxes of illegals , muslim refugees , non working immigrants and hb1 visas .
where is the violence against the lgbt taking place ? ?
chuck , you &apos;re a phony piece of shit .
i think that i would like for you to run for president , if not this time , maybe 2020 .
schumer for 2020 .
you mister schumer are full of shit .
thank you for sharing , and for your great service to the people of minnesota and our country .
i do like elizabeth warren , however i do not like how she &apos;s resorted to name calling .
awesome amy
congratulations , and thank you for all you do for all of us .
thx kirsten !
this gmo labeling thing does not qualify you as a human being anymore , therefor , i &apos;d appreciate if you stop talking about blessing , families and seasons , all these words sounds very wrong coming out of your mouth .
in kigali , at monday &apos;s commemoration ceremony to mark the 20th anniversary of the genocide in rwanda , ban ki-moon said that &quot; our first duty must always be to protect people -- to protect human beings in need and distress … we are sure to face other grave challenges to our common values .
you seem to be such a nice person earl , though i don &apos;t know you i always read what you post .
the differences between larsen and i will be even more telling by the time of the next primary and i will be on that ballot .
if you sheeple out there think this man is helping you , wait till you are over 60 and you find out nothing will be done under certain circumstances because you are not worth it .. but yarmuth will always have congressional insurance .
sanders &amp; warren 2016
if you agree with what senator booker says , and if you are so inclined , you can contact your own senators .
you are suppose to be a congressman for the people of el paso tx not mexico or any other country .
i stand with you 100 % in your condemnation of bannon &apos;s appointment .
thank you for this post , elizabeth warren .
i understand we still need lifeaaving medications for some so i hope this can be worked out too .
all cabinet members ha to be approved by congress .
( 1 / 6 ) aloha cogresswoman hanabusa , i have 1 comment for you , &amp; that is neither fact or fiction , i would have been surprised if it was ur 50th .
have a great new year senator .
that &apos;s piss poor leadership , get your ass to that inauguration , so disappointed in you !
common sense tammy , the bill had nothing to do with common sense .
dear senator klobuchar , you are lowering your political standing by co-operating with a failed facist ( obama ) and a failed communist ( castro ) ......... 444club , yogi .........
the dnc can no longer be trusted .
mr. booker you have lost my confidence and respect .
i &apos;m glad you testified against sessions.why did you vote against the prescription drug bill ?
you &apos;re going to talk about injustice and greed after voting against us having access to lower-cost prescription drugs ?
i might have believed you if we were trying to import medications from a third world country .
i &apos;m available to you too congresswoman .
thanks senator kaine .
thank you , senator , for speaking out against the appointment of an alt right hatemonger .
we don &apos;t need a progressive agenda !
jonathan - better to ignore richie liar .
i &apos;ve advocated this for years !
when she won the nomination she have made a bridge to the milenials and all democratic leaders should have apologized for what the dnc did instead of barely talking about it and took action to revamp it from the ground up .
bullets bombs and rockets killed over 100,000. how is the gas worse ?
aloha from massachusetts !
however it seems nris / pios are not with trump in usa but happy to support similar govt in india - why ? ? ? ?
i &apos;m done with neoliberals like you and cory booker .
a step forward for all of mi and a wonderful bipartisan endeavor , may it be the first of many .
pull up your big girl panties , patty !
i thank you for standing for women &apos;s rights .
now that sanders has won every county but one in our state i would hope that you will change your vote as a super delegate to sanders .
i know , i know , we have many big pharma companies and headquarters in nj .
senator murray , we are so happy you are in office and we always support you .
so some of you seem to be saying it is ok to pay starvation wages to people you do not deem educated enough .
cause i feel the bern !
happy thanksgiving to you , connie and the family .
i &apos;m very proud you &apos;re my senator .
these are the global-profiteers like # hillaryclinton , who also advocate endless wars that profit the defense industry , support israeli settlement building , and protect global corporations that are exploiting low-wage workers all over the world !
the rates would be locked in for that year &apos;s loan , but each year &apos;s loan could be more expensive than the last .
several new senators , including elizabeth warren , have vowed to change the current filibuster rules--has to be done on their first day of business in the new year .
thank you for your excellent work and dedicated service .
hey gillibrand , what plan did you and the rest of the dem-o-trash come up with ?
happy celebration of love day to you too .
democrats are the party of murder &#91; abortion &#93; and perversion &#91; lgbt rights &#93; .
thank you for sharing your reflections , lloyd .
oppose everything this insane nazi clown says and does .
thank you senator gillibrand for taking a stand for what is right and just for all students !
thank you so much for standing up against most of trump &apos;s dangerous nominees .
not in love with publicity but in love with humanity &quot; mlk jr .
oh yes student loans ... more so the loan fraud perpetrated by companies that prey on people who are trying to better themselves by getting an education who then study the material they are given , putting in countless hours away from family and life .
support common sense gun violence legislation .
yeah , yeah , trump is all that and in the same breath you exault a criminal like clinton .
do the right thing , rick .
can you talk to wyden .
rep eshoo- would you kindly explain in what way your oath requires you to attend .
you should have endorsed bernie sanders instead of hillary clinton .
this bill helps women after they nave been a victim of a violent crime .... don &apos;t take away our right to bear arms .... we women should be able to defend ourselves so we never become victims .
i think liz , should be quiet and go visit emeri king , and make him a sandwich .
i am voting for warren .
as an elected official it is your duty to represent the people &apos;s choice , and they have backed bernie by a huge margin .
amy , please vote no on the farm bill with its &quot; riders &quot; that eliminate gmo crop safeguards .
turn up the heat , warren , and feel the bern
you are the best elizabeth , my goodness , you have guts , do not back down , run elizabeth run .. and you will win
go , patty !
we have friends who take pet medications for basic ailments ( like antibiotics , which are essentially the same as human medications ) because they can &apos;t afford the insurance premiums and copays of our healthcare system .
come to the sen. wyden town hall !
thank you elizabeth for continuing your legacy to speak for those who feel they have no voice .
so grateful you are out senator !
pretending to be a senator for every person while lining your pockets with pharmaceutical company money .
that is unless you are you already fear the truth and then yes the bern might be a little scary .
thank you , as always , for being clear and level headed !
to discuss important health care / mental health issues as she is works in the mental health field .
glad to have two senators from minnesota who care about our people and the future of this country .
the posts here are meant to evicerate elizabeth warren . , this is what they have done to hillary and every single human who differs with them .
right on elizabeth warren
ignorant , stupid white males .
is it possible to love you more keith ellison ?
i am a democratic county chair and you were my choice for hillary &apos;s running mate .
fake news .... dnc you have a chance to be back in 4 years ... show some dignity please until then .
klobuchar in &apos; 16
there is no virtue in silence , you are right about that !
thank you for your efforts rick .
are you for new jersey or for your political party ?
that same train went through minnesota .
thank you , rep. betty mccollum for standing up for this despicable and coward act !
thank you senator richard blumenthal for being in the right side of history .
what can congress do to stop this fascist regime taking over our democracy ?
this is why i like mr. franken .
the state of colorado voted for bernie sanders , align your superdelegate vote with the people ! !
please go donate blood for the victims and others in need and encourage others to do so also .
i love you elizabeth but that post is poor grammar
congratulations again to both of these fantastic representatives of the will of the people of maryland !
initially , the anger and rage in these people were displayed in violence .
largest single contributor to democrat campaigns ... $ 74 million .
amy next issue : military sexual trauma .
you backed the wrong candidate , al .
proud to have you as the dem challenger .
tim kaine is a rare hillary supporter who is not blaming any one else for their loss .
why do the same people continue to show up here and complain when they this woman is a democrat ?
may the goddess bless congresswoman sinema ! !
the hobby lobby family isn &apos;t catholic .
you obviously don &apos;t care enough for the people in nh to give trump a chance to make things better .
my understanding is that it was suggested that they treat the water to prevent the pipes from corroding but snyder rejected that because they didn &apos;t want to pay for it .
please work for gun control !
i &apos;m proud you are there acting as a voice for us in delaware .
i get the piracy part , but isn &apos;t the affects could be tremendous .
thank you from rochester ny , we &apos;re counting on you ❤
made me cry kirsten !
the following bills are bills that have passed which she was a sponsor or instrumental in : s509 : authorizing a medical facility for veterans , nov . 11,09 , s1237 , a bill helping homeless veterans .
2020 , this is a great message us all .
and i believe the best way to do that is to become the running mate to bernie sanders .
i hope you are ashamed of yourself patty !
we progressives don &apos;t much like class warfare , either , though we have a different name for it : supply-side economics .
elizabeth warren is the biggest hypocrite just like all her democrat cronies .
while a robust mental health care system is critical ; to focus exclusively on this is a red herring with deadly consequences .
amy , we are proud to have you for our minnesota semator .
i can see why you like congresswoman suzan delbene .
i had just graduated from college and was a first year teacher .
well said kirsten gillibrand .
yea international ( and all ) adoption !
and your tears the other day , were tears of a clown ..........
you voted for the largest transfer of money from the middle class to the wealthy wall street gentleman .
unless you change your vote to support the people of mn then you are no longer wanted .
john lewis is the one who picked this fight .
the racism , sexism and xenophobia has been born and nurtured by the liberals .
we are counting on you representative booker .
puck has sprinkled fairy dust on the heads of trump supporters while they slept .
frank is a far left loon and should be voted out of office asap ! ! !
this will be a long and tedious battle with trump and please let us know how each of us can help .
um can i come work for you on your 2020 presidential campaign ?
such a remarkable woman .
kdh , good luck if i still lived in sf i &apos;d give you my vote .
hey elizabeth , help bernie out and give your support to him and do it now .
heck , the nra was at the forefront of common-sense gun regulations up until the 60s when the black panthers started making noise about arming people of color .
there &apos;s no safety issues -- it &apos;s the same meds and we don &apos;t see masses of canadians falling sick from them , bitch .
wyden , firearms are only one part of the problem .
thank you , thank you , thank you , senator warren , for your stance and efforts for gun control .
al , aren &apos;t you tired of posting that same note about &quot; thoughts and prayers &quot; ?
this leaves us with a choice between the 40 year habitual criminal hillary and the narcissistic misogynist trump 🙄
equality prevails in minnesota !
i love his woman .
considering that sanders beats trump in battleground states and hillary is within the margin of error , sanders is the real hope to keep trump out of the oval office .
thank you amy for trying to protect our elderly .
stand up for us amy ! ! !
and to you too congressman chris van hollen !
please represent your constituents further by switching your superdelegate vote to bernie sanders .
i wish senator warren would endorse bernie sanders .
canada does have safety standards and they don &apos;t have millions of people dying from their prescription drugs .
these senators have threatened women &apos;s reproductive health , have forced compromise over substance , and undermined the direction and mandate of the party as a whole !
she is the best !
kudos senator !
matt taibbi is one of the most provocative voices out there for social injustice .
we want changwe jeanne .
please refuse to conduct senate business until the ban is overturned and bannon is out .
ms debbie stabenow you voted in support of cutting my pension .
schumer is very friendly with both clinton and bernie - so the dnc sent schumer to tell bernie that if he did not endorse her prior to the convention .... that the democrats would remove him from the seven congressional committees of which he is currently a member .
we agree , endorse bernie .
democracy is the victim .
you &apos;re next , amy !
stay diligent kirsten gillibrand !
interesting that the party of family values and pro-life movements won &apos;t take basic measures to save the most lives # feelthebern # endcitizensunited
as i read through the postings here it &apos;s really sad just how little some people have become in their disdain towards senator warren because she endorsed hillary clinton .
thanks for your active and unwavering support , amy .
thank you keith ellison for speaking out about this acceptance of bigotry against muslims in the republican party .
so sad that we still have to deal with this type of hatred in the 21st century .
it &apos;s revelations and trump is the antichrist .
sure wish there were such big tears for the tens of thousands of babies murdered from their mothers womb .
mr. franken , check around , other countries in similar situations , with systems that used to be democratic and ended with a bad leader .
you make me proud to be oregonian , and a bit less terrified in some really scary times .
larsen you should not support coal export policy of the 1920s ... report makes it clear that blm is failing u.s. taxpayers on a colossal scale .
and you think hilary if a better choice ?
belated happy birthday !
the democrats are making death threats and you are boycotting ?
feeling more hopeful during these scary times with reliable officials like you !
senator klobuchar : please consider this new democratic middle class tax fairness strategy !
919 referred to the committee on finance please make sure virginia keeps the ban on uranium mining .
i am proud to be a democrat and i thank you for standing up for what is right and standing up for the children in sandy hook the teachers and principle in sandy hook the victims in san bernardino the 49 victims in orlando .
good deal senator joe donnelly .
nor middle class !
great birthday gift for ar !
rockford files was awesome rip
thank you sen durbin - god bless you and your family .
one point : hatred .
i , as a proud american , stand with the people , all the people , and will come to answer the call , restoring common sense , decency , fairness and equal justice for all and not for the selfish few .
and to you and yours , debbie .
i am appalled by trump &apos;s latest move .
joseph - you think the democratic party &quot; ran &#91; lbj &#93; out of politics &quot; because he steered civil rights legislation through congress ?
i live in oak creek , wisconsin just down the block from site of the mass shooting at the sikh temple of wisconsin .
i &apos;m a chronic pain suffer who takes prescription pain medication every day .
sal , al franken , while a great freshman senator , is not my senator .
witchy warren &amp; crooked hiliary !
ron , you need to clearly state that you will not support tpp or fast track to it - no one wants this - no one - find us just one person who is - just one and have them post here why .
they target schools because there &apos;s no resistance .
we now know where the chuck schulmer family got their acting skills from their father chuck schulmer .
i am a trump supporter , but this lady and the environmental choice have to be turned down .
congratulations on your efforts .. as a small business owner , i appreciate your commitment to the community .
senator wyden , i am wondering if it is legal to sign a non disclosure agreement with a group of people who are not yet government employees .
aloha congresswoman gabbard .... hauʻoli lā hoʻomakikaʻi ..... cyrus clarke , maui constituent
doing everything in your power to keep trump out of office means throwing your support behind bernie sanders where it belongs !
thank you so much for your efforts here ! ! !
thank you amy klobuchar for keeping this issue updated .
and fake liberals are big government , appeased by democrats and republicans alike .
this house is voting for you , mr. brown / vandalia
trump seemed a bit inevitable , sen. elizabeth warren , but on the other side of the aisle , why did you never bolster your policy twin , bernie ?
get your women together because i know you alone can stop this creeping fascism .
thank you senator gillibrand , and happy new years to you and your family ass well .
liz , you are the last best hope fornus all .
congratulations to you , senator gillibrand !
? taliban , al queda--remember cupcake voted to withhold military pay as a political gambit .
an extremely poor decision , just as poor as your previous performance as a congresswoman
coming all the way from bc canada , congrats !
why feel the bern when you could feel the johnson !
thank you so much senator murray !
i &apos;m so glad to have you , bernie sanders , elizabeth warren , our ( hawaii &apos;s ) 2 senators , &amp; all the other truly progressive members of the senate looking after the interests of regular people and not just multinational corporate interests .
i will unify behind bernie sanders .
please keep fighting against trump &apos;s attack on our country .
as are we , your ma neighbors !
the only hatred wind blowing is from the left , ms. warren .
chuck , i &apos;m a big fan of yours ; i am surprised you &apos;re being shortsighted on this one .
not just washington , elizabeth warren .
too bad college isn &apos;t affordable for all .
god bless congressman yarmuth and the good folks of kentucky .
rick larsen if you want to hold a postion in washington better listen to your people .
tammy you are so above the tactics of someone who really had exhibited such poor plans for the future .
monsanto , the supreme court &apos;s overruling of a california law regarding slaughter vs. euthanasia for downed animals , and unemployment benefit extensions .
then youi better back bernie , my dear .
and he has very scary teeth as well .
we have an outstanding work ethic and have made progressive strides in the quality of life for all .
bernie / warren 2020 in any order .
this is exactly the candidate repping republican views ... the only difference from priors is he says ot all aloud .... sorry folks no outsider here just another 1 % xenophobic racist narcissist
i am a proud 46 year old veteran .
thank you for your support in protecting social security .
... speaking of down-ballot , let &apos;s all do a search of &quot; who is running against rick larsen ? &quot;
this might ring true if you hadn &apos;t taken money from big pharma !
and even today , thousands of jews in both the united states and israel look to rabbinic courts and halacha to resolve all manner of civil disputes .
you only had a 100 % problem-free candidate in bernie , honest , an impeccable record , superior judgment , who many republican &amp; all independent voters supported , and who was not married to a rapist named bill .
fight the real power : ryan bannon pence and the other gop swine .
that means minimum wage earners need access to affordable housing and healthcare and that middle class need more tax breaks .
dear senator klobuchar , i &apos;m asking you to respect vermont &apos;s right to self-govern and leave vermont &apos;s gmo labeling law alone .
there &apos;s something fundamentally wrong with a country that makes it easier to obtain an assault rifle than it is to obtain mental health care .
i &apos;m sure bush and obama discussed there would be no criminal charges filed against him , over coffee on inauguration day 2009 .
: ( happy holidays !
look for a 7 day bank holiday , wherein a new currency will be revealed after the destruction of the world &apos;s greatest economic engine , usa .
why are you 1 of just 3 democrats to approve rex tillerson .
i &apos;m with you 100 % elizabeth warren carry on &amp; have a great new year !
happy birthday ron , keep up the good work .
whip they ass lizbeth !
you are truly a class act !
thank you for your perseverance and amazing community support .
thank you carol shea-porter … very much appreciated … and thank you for your service to our state and to our country !
ms. warren , in this , i am with you .
all of you people that think the dems are for the poor , you are sadly mistaken all you have to do is look at detroit , this city has been run by dems forever .
however , debbie stabenow is the wrong person to hold up as accomplishing anything , other than rubber stamp what she is told to vote for .
if you think safety will be found through revoking the rights of fellow law abiding citizens you are part of the social volatility we suffer from today .
is chuckie schumer on george soros payroll ..... funny aint it slick willie stopped refugees , barack obama stopped refugees but since it is president trump chuckie is now defiant and crying .
we live in a police state !
they are the exact same drugs we have , and in many instances they are originally imported to canada from the states to begin with .
i wish you were up for reelection senator brown .
drugs are ok ?
mr. booker , this is your time to show america what the garden state is about .
chris östling st. helens oregon .
violent crime – including violent crime using guns – has dropped massively over the past 20 years .
why is she not donating her wages as others are ?
millioaires are not supposed to be equal to minimum wage , uneducated people .
there &apos;s hope for you yet , senator gillibrand .
any statements or thoughts on the dec 19 electoral college vote ?
equal is equal and rights are rights and we shouldn &apos;t even have to defend that .
you rock , senator !
who would hillary put on the court , though , that isn &apos;t into looking after corporate interests ?
franken , you did the right thing to donate &quot; your &quot; paycheck to a charity but it &apos;s actually our / taxpayer &apos;s money .
congratulations to al franken you are just steps away from abolishing arbitration ( article credits you , woohoo ) http : / / www.fairarbitrationnow.org / reactions-to-fair-pay-and-safe-workplaces-executive-order /
they told me in unison through the tears that their farmer died .
thank you for this and all your hard work !
funny maxine waters is out running her mouth about civil right while her anti groups violated other civil rights .
congresswoman , i admire your idealism and heart , but sometimes fighting fire with fire is warranted and justified .
you know that minnesota voted for bernie sanders .
start with meds that are needed for life-threatening problems .
and all this time later it hits elizabeth warren this is what is really going on .
elizabeth warren is an awesome woman
happy new year and fight on .
thank you tulsi gabbard for all you do for hawaii and for this country , you had always had my support good luck this election : )
senator michael bennet can you please fill us in on what is actually being done to stop this insanity of chaos that is taking over this country now ?
you represent what the majority want beto .
no one looks out for us but the sanders team .
hillary and bill clinton launch george soros &apos;s purple revolution from the moonie-owned new yorker in manhattan .
please continue to advocate for colorado and it &apos;s peaceful citizens .
it would be refreshing to see the efforts over labeling be put into &quot; truth in labeling &quot; and &quot; non-gmo verification &quot; to give this initiative integrity .
bernie sanders is a pos !
i &apos;m sure these women will do a better job .
the general public would be appalled .... wake up mn .
thanks for helping to inspire change and leading the charge !
you tell them congresswoman wilson !
meanwhile the big pharma benefits from your vote .
yet robert byrd is ok to denounce his white supremacist as he was a recruiter for the kkk .
bernie &apos;s going to bring economic justice and continue funding the us 900 base military monster ?
trump is only one of many reasons why i support madam secretary clinton for president .
you could have endorsed bernie a longtime ago .
thank you gerry connolly for your efforts to keep them honest -- i &apos;m not sure it is possible .
thank you , senator warner , for representing us in the majority , for this clear thinking , and for adhering to moral principle
why is it rick , that so many ask &quot; how can we afford it &quot; when that question never is asked or answered when they &apos;re pushing military issues and tax cuts ?
have a happy birthday pete .
i am a republican and surprised that you will not attend the inauguration ceremonies representing oregonians .
it &apos;s time to find a different job rick , before we enact term limits .
i am no fan of warren , but that is a much more adult response than that of mitch mcconnell when obama was elected .
i sincerely hope for a warren 2020 campaign .
the nsa &apos;s new partner in spying : saudi arabia &apos;s brutal state police .
well it is nice to hear you talk like a civilized woman thank you and i hope you mean what you say
what a beautiful tribute to a wonderful example of a human being ... not to mention the fact that this attribute certainly added to his charisma as a politician .
well , sen franken , you , your party and like minded people have made it possible for shooters like this to have maximum casualties because of misguided policies which nave made these students and others victims without resorts .
trump over hillary !
but you weren &apos;t able to support women &apos;s rights in your own country .
ban asian immigration.signed a native american .
if you refuse to attend the inauguration , you are behaving disrespectfully and creating a more divisive environment that will make it difficult to accomplish the work that needs to be done . &quot;
we &apos;re with you al !
way to be engaged peter !
i read that treasury secretary timothy geithner is attempting to block elizabeth warren &apos;s nomination .
keep showing them / us that the dnc is committed to cleaning up the election process to return it to a true honest fair democratic process and will truly embody a progressive economic , environmental , and civil rights platform .
willis w. walker iii see statement from cory booker .
happy new year to you and your family ! !
justice and equality carry the day ! !
i hope you run for president in 2020 or 2024 because i really want to vote for you .
tammy , i &apos;ve got your back !
both of my democratic senators voted against this bill ! ! ! !
you and your democratic party members are a bunch of morons .
i wish you had the clarity to realize that attending does not &quot; celebrate a peaceful transition of power . &quot;
celebrating the union movement that gave us a five day week , overtime pay , health insurance , workman &apos;s compensation , safe labor standards , and holidays from work .
thank you kamala you have my vote !
please , please please work toward something !
these corporate rats continue to strike again and again
this has nothing to do with russia &apos;s involvement in the election because according to julian assage the info was leaked by a dnc insider .
sanders u.s. senator elizabeth warren
every single person who disagrees with this , or bashes ms. warren , also either has , or had a mother .
enough of loyalty to a party that undemocratically allows super delegates decide people &apos;s fate .
congratulations - i am thrilled to welcome you !
this process of increasing immune deficiency appears to have been exacerbated by continuing secondary exposures to accidental reactor releases and by an acceleration of radiation-induced mutation of pathogenic microorganisms increasingly resistant to drugs .
thank you for advocating so much needed services for us veterans .
thank you senator for all of your behind the scenes work on this issue .
lol ms. warren i love that so many repubs follow you ... we can only hope that one day the truth that you speak actually sinks ... # eachonesaveone # fromthemselves # doingthebesttheycan # workingwithjustalittlebit
do u get money from drug companies ?
please be sure it includes private mental health providers .
please sign this petition to hold donald drumpf accountable for inciting violence at his rallies .
and , yes , it is time to ratify the equal rights amendment !
and back to u &amp; yours - a big thank you for all u do !
i support and applaud the members of congress who are boycotting this ceremony , which makes a mockery of our history and traditions , and wish you would demonstrate the the integrity and convictions to join them in avoiding this travesty of democracy .
unfortunately , merkley and his allies are calling the shots in washington .
@ mary not sure that equality could be called nit picking ! !
thank you for your thoughtful commentary , peter .
warren for vp ? ?
says pallon is a bootlicking stooge of any interest representing gigantic corporations .
the writing on the wall is literally very clear bill .
i like donald .
🇺 🇸 i &apos;m so proud that we shut trump down friday here in chicago ! 🇺 🇸
i am so proud of my general .
i am estimating that between the monthly health premiums , my doctor and lab visits , medication and not to mention anything with my husband or kids , i will have out of pocket expenses close to $ 18,000.00 this year .
al , interesting that you still haven &apos;t actually told us what the boston tea party was all about .
congressman pascrell , please explain that to your constituants ! !
one man can unite us # stillsanders # berniegogreen # bernthedems # feelthebern
hillary won more than one million votes over trump .
social safety nets need to be in place , as to protect the children from a fascist corporate system .
failure to vote this in enables criminals , the mentally deranged , and subversive groups such as al queda to be able to purchase all kinds of weapons at will .
way to go , peter .
thank you us rep rick nolan !
i cannot believe that you voted against states &apos; rights to label gmo products .
stand tall for vermont and continue to lend your voice in support for all of us ... thank you .
the miracle of birth is something sacred to me -- but having said that i feel strongly that women should have the right to decide the course of their health and bodies .
loved your interview with rachel ..... so proud and thankful for you amy !
free the weed or i &apos;m never voting democratic party again ... and i &apos;m not the only one ....
: : : sigh : : : : we need real democrats like u here !
well done congresswoman !
sherrod brown you are a rat
so true kyrsten .
please endorse hillary as soon as possible .
thanks senator gillibrand , for having the guts to be tough .
get a job frank and learn about economics ! !
thank you for your support senator klobuchar !
joseph -- see my comment above .
hillary will not do well with independents and will lose in the general election .
only hillary clinton had to return stolen items from the white house .
i &apos;m proud of the work you &apos;re doing for ca !
what kind of drugs are those your on ?
happy belated birthday elizabeth ; )
help us louise .
ur such a self hating jew schumer but worse than that u r un-american .
chuck , the shooter ( omar mateen ) was a registered democrat in the state of florida .
for more information about disability benefits , contact the new york state workers compensation board at ( 877 ) 632-4996 or visit &quot; http : / / www.wcb.ny.gov / &quot; .
barbara - i have as much right to post here as you do .
at least we can count on you frank !
schumer is the western word for shit
my favorite politician quoted my favorite author .
the drug companies in this country have their drugs made in india and china and you &apos;re worried that the ones from canada are not safe ?
women are sincere nurturers of society .
taking bribes from big pharma .
thank you for all your efforts and dedicated work .
you are so kind mrs. js .. thank you and have a wonderful day as well .
my 21-year old daughter and i voted yes for amy and no to bachmann !
i see it as a person who has severe anger and mental health issues that were expressed in a terrifying way through the use of a semi automatic rifle that should not be easily accessible and available to civilians .
elizabeth warren please run
lost all respect for booker when he voted against sanders &apos; bill to import drugs from canada ti reduce cost .
sanders / warren 2020 !
amy i would hope you would be working on irs ... defunding obamacare .. and quit voting to send money and weapons to countries who hate us we see how you vote .
senator chuck schumer , i may be from minnesota ( and therefore why should you care what i say ) , but you did a great job &amp; i respect you !
jim crow laws , poll taxes , grandfather clauses , literacy tests , white only primaries , and physical violence all came from the democratic party .
sen. elizabeth warren ( d-mass . )
i am sorry , when did burning down businesses and looting become considered a peaceful protest ?
also very angry about gmo labeling vote .
marie , union workers are what gives you work !
i &apos;d still never support hillary , so you &apos;d better damn well hope she &apos;s not the nominee or get ready for prez trump just out of spite
i &apos;ve been proud of our representatives taking the lead in pushing for some measures to prevent gun violence .
it was good to see you standing with earl blumenauer on the floor today .
thank you for voted against keystone .
nelson mandela made the world better and inspired hope for humanity .
way to go , amy .
i am happy though , that our two republican senators---snowe and collins---are equally as upset over this bonus thing as our democratic representatives are .
: - ( although a huge fan of elizabeth , i am a tiger fan !
do you know him personally mrs. warren ?
and that &apos;s a nation with two sides so fettered by the cloud of partisan politics , a climate ruled by the &apos; red vs. blue &apos; dynamic , that we would sooner abandon intellectual honesty in favor of political gamesmanship .
this lady is a breath of fresh air , i wish she was my senator !
2020 : schumer sanders or summer warren .
stop blaming the russians for the shortcomings of the democratic party .
elizabeth , instead of badmouthing trump , why don &apos;t you put your voice out there and endorse bernie sanders ?
i &apos;m glad that public servants are not obliged to change their super-delegate votes , after all caucuses are not democratic and do not represent the popular vote .
it is a great day for washingtonians and because of your leadership , we will see marriage equality for oregonians ( and more ) in our lifetime--i am confident .
elizabeth , i &apos;m a big fan of what you have done in your public life .
i &apos;ve seen the joe walsh tv ad , and i &apos;ve seen him in person .
no more corporate dems !
endorse bernie before it &apos;s too late !
why because unlike the united states we have campaign contribution limits and therefore politicians in canada have to rely on the donations of individuals rather than receiving hundreds of thousands of dollars from large pharmaceutical companies like you have to do in the united states .
other countries have regulated the pharmaceutical industry and the companies are still in business , doing fine .
sorry corey .
why are the corporations being given preference over the individual ?
dear congresswoman delbene , my name is krista from sammamish ( seattle native ) and i had the privilege to caucus for the first time yesterday , supporting bernie sanders .
don &apos;t support the tpp and then tell me that the problem with moral decay in our society are the handguns .
amy klobuchar and al franken both slapped law enforcement in the face by voting yes on this nomination yesterday : http : / / townhall.com / tipsheet / katiepavlich / 2014 / 02 / 06 / democrats-approve-cop-killer-advocate-to-head-doj-civil-rights-division-n1790998
good luck to you rick , it &apos;s gone from being a revolution to a lynch mob .
go trump 2016 , make america great again .
who knows we might be calling you senator or even president sinema in a couple of years .
does anyone here actually believe that these postings are from al franken ?
aug 13 , 2013 started sixth year of &apos; shutdown &apos; of career of a stockton physician by none other than the democratic geriatric .
elizabeth warren .... wow !
perhaps public funding for higher education should be geared more toward providing the skills necessary to be employable , rather than focus on a 4 year college degree in an area where a graduate is unlikely to find gainful employment .
this is just another case of the &quot; permanent political class &quot; denying what is , by nature , obviously true ; that gays can not conform to the definition of marriage simply due to the fact that their bodies do not &quot; fit &quot; .
trump is a fine spin doctor and excellent carnival hack .
we stand with maxine waters ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
quite peaceful protest .
one more thing barbara you live in rhode island do who you like doesn &apos;t matter in this election if that &apos;s not to hard for you to comprehend .
we need our liberal democrats talking about soaking the rich , class war , and closing individual and corporate tax loopholes that let hedgers like warren buffett pay a lower tax rate than anyone else in his office and companies like &quot; model &quot; ge pay no taxes at all .
shame on the nra and all those corrupted politicians who &quot; in the name of freedom and the constitution &quot; have in their smug ways played a pivotal role in helping contribute to another senseless massacre on this very , very sad day .
i cannot accept his hateful and bigoted nature .
this is one area needing attention now ..... the 1 % suburbs like edina are refusing to meet their affordable housing goals by dumping their workforce housing on adjacent suburbs like richfield and hopkins .
we are counting on you and chris murphy more than ever .
world police lol if they want to eat dogs it &apos;s awful but that &apos;s their country their tradition .
the fact is keystone xl will deliver oil produced in the u.s. and canada to gulf coast refineries &#91; not ports &#93; in the u.s. to be processed in the united states .
here &apos;s a photo from the 1968 democratic party convention in chicago !
beautifully put , elizabeth warren .
al , you are an amazing man and i &apos;ll vote for you next time around .
thanks , tammy , for being a role model we can hold up to our granddaughters .
congresswoman speier , we all know that you are one of the most amazing , kind , compassionate human beings on this planet ! ?
here is what your principled colleage said about why he is not attending the inauguration .
i don &apos;t recall anti hillary or anti bernie supporters trashing police cars or blocking traffic .
good for amy klobuchar ! !
frank if your reading this &quot; which i doubt &quot; .
please , congressman engel , honor those lost at sandy hook by working for gun safety .
schumer your a &quot; momzer &quot; .
respectfully , your collective endorsement of hillary got us in this mess .
time to change the profile to senator kaine !
as one of your constituents , and someone who has voted for you in every election while i have lived in columbia , maryland , i adamantly urge you to boycott the upcoming inauguration .
thank you senator klobuchar for all you do for us !
thank you for the intelligent , thoughtful work you do for us everyday .
sister marie michel , my high school history teacher .
wishing you the best and thanking you for all that you do for us !
alex damien , with all due respect ... people protest matters that interest and concern them .
canadians take unsafe drugs ?
could it be the pharmaceutical companies pay you for your vote ?
proud to be a minnesotan every day but especially ... today !
you know , for yourself , oregon closed every single mental health hospital except the osh !
thank you senator for honoring our veterans this memorial day and encluding those gone now .. thank you for representing michigan in washington .
great step forward for human rights
based on your lack of fighting back against trump and bannon , i don &apos;t think i &apos;ll be voting for you again .
debbie take a deep breath and don &apos;t drink too much of that hospital coffee !
thank you for all you do mrs klobuchard
it &apos;s long past time for you , senator warren , to do something they could never do--speak out and endorse your colleague bernie sanders for president of the united states .
we need to protest the issues .
personally , i think abusive marriages and vegas style marriages ( no offense to those who wed in vegas ) much more of a stain on the concept of marriage than two people who love , respect and are faithful to each other who happen to be homosexual marrying .
hmmmmm she claims to want women who get raped to have a voice ... unless it &apos;s her husband is the one doing the assaulting .
bernie is an honest man in a den of wolves .
she &apos;s getting my vote , trolls be damned !
back at you rep. debbie , from the way tribe in illinois .
i respect you mr. wyden , but there are others who need to lose their privileges .
happy new year , amy and to your family !
however , the gop won back congress last year , because most democrats ( with the exception of elizabeth warren , dennis kucinich and benie sanders ) decided to inexplicably campaign from the further right this time .
everything you said elizabeth is a lie .
then elizabeth we need your help
senator warren : why don &apos;t you just come out and openly endorse bernie sanders for president ?
not greedy rich people and the assholes that support them .
senator michael bennet , please tell us what you are doing to aim to stop these efforts and more ?
how could you forget women jeff merkley !
that is why you are in office patty and will continue to be so .
trump is tweeting again taking pot shots at nbc and cnn news .
77 cents on the dollar stat does nothing to compare equal pay for equal work !
i see no respect from hillary supporters in the streets of cities all over america tonight .
special report on cbs news , stay safe tulsi !
gun control laws in chicago , il or new york , by .
i haven &apos;t had a raise for 5 years ( feel grateful to have a job ) but my cost of living keeps going up .
thanks democrats because you will pay for this in 2016. http : / / weaselzippers.us / 204294-30000-in-indiana-have-health-plans-cancelled-due-to-obamacare /
to me , you turned your back on the progressive movement .
you are on a sinking ship al .
i stand with my country and with its leadership in condemning this senseless violence .
tell me why so many democrats voted for the drug co.s ?
after reading some of the nasty negative comments its no wonder michigan has fallen to its lowest depths yet .
your part of the problem miss warren , your misrepresenting the facts because you support a corrupt evil person who should be in jail in hillary clinton .
don &apos;t forget you heard this from me .......... al franken .
people frequently mention diversity of gender and race among the supremes , and other groups that should represent all of us .
al , how about kelo v. city of new london
eric christopher
give trump his cabinet
what can i do in central oregon to rid the house of walden ? ?
perhaps look to chicago and the gang violence in most large cities and address the root causes ... significantly more folks die from this kind of violence than the examples you &apos;ve posted .
thanks senator franken .
one more oregonian opposed to fast track and the tpp .
trump supporters dream on ! ! ! !
while i completely agree and am equally shocked and abhor what is happening , please mr. schumer , understand that it is not those of us who are already opossed to trump that you need to speak to and rally .
debbie we realize we are heading for a big election year coming up and the dems are scared , but if we still had that women democrat for a governor would you be saying the same thing ?
time to sit shiva for your party and your ideology , faygala chuck !
cory booker is out for himself .
cory you need to run in 2020. i volunteered for hillary since january .
it would &apos;ve passed without your vote - why didn &apos;t you vote against it anyway as a protest vote ? ?
we are counting on you senator murray .
go , sherrod !
thank you al for being a voice of reason .
amy and tim are the best champlons for our veterans .
al - thank you for your service to the country .
i am not from new york , i am from pennsylvania but my niece lives in new york with her young family .
it &apos;s obvious that you and senator franken care more about corporations that people .
jews are a strong part of our country and racism has no place in it .
minnesota shut down all we noticed were the rest areas were closed .
this is unprecedented and so incredibly dangerous .
dear cat warren this is the most delusional piece i have ever read by you .. trump has built his campaign on racism , sexism , and xenophobia .
unfortunately for massachusetts families , republican scott brown chose partisanship over leadership , voting to kill those 33,000 jobs for massachusetts .
why should there be a bill against violence only for women ?
i also want to know if you knew that one of the lines on the bill specifically removed reporting conflict of interest from drug makers to doctors and also removal of informed consent for medical devices , drugs and vaccines during trials ?
i think you would be able to agree that our education system is in shambles , our health care has potential to be second to none , and we refuse to make available the resources and help for mental illness .
and who paid for your vote on drug benefits ?
president trump says we &apos;ll make more jobs available and for some &quot; job &quot; is a dirty word ...
we &apos;re sending you good thoughts and a few new wonderful colleagues !
now you wish to put forth an amendment to say &quot; hey it &apos;s okay to buy from canada just as long as the fda has approved the drug &quot; .
breitbart has clips of some of the speakers at the public meeting in lawrenceville : they then voiced a range of other concerns , appealing to u.s. sen. mark r. warner and other members of the state &apos;s congressional delegation to come to their aid .
so al when you talk about unions you might want to talk to some of the real union members .
very well said and classy elizabeth
attack the causes of gun violence rather than the tools .
weird i don &apos;t see any of trumps inner circle mysteriously dying
thank you for supporting them patty .
you &apos;re the best nancy !
you are a disgrace to the democratic party and should consider becoming a republican so you can act stupid and be lauded for it .
much is coming at us quickly but trump &apos;s ties to &quot; questionable &quot; characters like bannon must be scrutinized and made public !
it is more difficult to adopt a dog from a shelter or rescue service , ( background checks and waiting periods and sometimes home visits are required ; ) then to buy an assault weapon ?
as a retired mental health clinical counselor i want to say a word or two about these shootings .
please endorse bernie senator warren !
minnesota , south dakota , nevada , washington , oregon , massachusetts the list goes on and on .
thank you senator cory booker for taking a stand when so many others have not .
you are a great guy and if there were more like you and sherrod we would be in better shape .
but how lucky people seem to have a need to feel successful , often crediting something other than near chance ?
the democratic party is completely destroying itself , and it is not going to be russia &apos;s fault , or the &apos; deplorable &apos; segments of our society , it will be your party &apos;s utter delusion mental illness to accept the fact that it is your policies which have failed .
staff : amy , the letter the congressman signed did not single out any specific program .
thank you for your good work sen kaine !
i am grateful for this kind of political leadership .
i request that you use your super delegate vote for bernie sanders and faithfully represent your constituents .
insisting on strict safety standards for both are imperative .
it &apos;s telling that this progress was initiated by a bill passed in 2007 , before president obama took office .
the smell of dollar bills stuck to you by big pharma is evidence and proof who you really represent .
booker in &apos; 20 .
stop making excuses and supporting big pharma .
i will never leave my base in the dark and i will work hard to gain back the trust from my progressive constituency !
you are now up against that stone wall of anger , and it is only going to grow worse .
they came forward with plans years ago , frank , but you guys answered with &quot; stimulus . &quot;
in honor of the last day at the dome i made your 2011 winning tatar-tot hot dish recipe , amy .
we are grateful for you !
this was so beautifully written .
mahalo to our returning soldiers .
carta acusatoria contra la opresión y corrupción comunista hoy enraizada en américa que nos socaba el sustento , dirigida a congresistas norte americanos al papa francisco a las naciones unidas , para que todos la reenviemos a los medios de comunicación , y a la conciencia ciudadana para un mundo sin genocidas .
the shooter is identified as omar mateen , 29 , who entered the nightclub armed with an assault rifle and a pistol .
72 % of your state voted for bernie sanders it &apos;s time now for you to support him too and do your job
thank you , senator donnelly , for your commitment to the civil rights of your constituents and to our nation &apos;s most basic principles .
what we really need to know is if dt has his russian position being determined by his investments .
equal rights to all also means voting rights for all !
i love this woman
well said , senator booker .
happy holidays senator kamala harris : )
his demagoguery and fascist leanings need to be recognized and called out for what they are .
thank you for supporting the international agreement .
the left colors their war / genocide of minorities as a woman &apos;s choice or some &quot; healthcare &quot; farce
i &apos;m so happy about this .
happy mother &apos;s day to you also , patty .
well mr. cleaver i say they should tax the rich they currently have the most , i feel like the government has money to keep jails n prisons open and are still building more institutions while they are steadily cutting funding for our children in education n etc .
thank you maxine for being the people &apos;s person ! !
the drugs canada has are made here in the states .
instead of bashing warren , how about you people fo read a history book .
this makes me ill. we need to help our students get through college , not punish them or keep them from finishing their degrees .
it &apos;s about the peaceful transfer of power that we as a country enjoy every 4 or 8 years .
elizabeth warren would be on my short list of &quot; things &quot; that are right about america !
he is going to do good for the country just like hilary or bernie and just like trump they have flaws .
actually i think we have greater reason to be upset with warren than with trump ... he &apos;s just being himself ... a loud-mouthed plutocrat who gets high on his own caviar farts .
happy new year , my favorite high school teacher .
you &apos;re doing good things congresswoman tammy duckworth-- too bad you &apos;re not in my district ... ; - )
so we should ban assault pistols .
i understand your feeling on corinthian ms. harris , but as an employee who saw the lives of many change due to the choice they made to become educated i can say , you are wrong .
dear congresswoman chu , i find it offensive that you have used fire crackers at events for the asia-pacific caucus .
elizabeth : &quot; there &apos;s more enthusiasm for him among leaders of the kkk than leaders of the political party he now controls . &quot;
it &apos;s a good thing most folks don &apos;t form their political opinions based on what elizabeth warren says .
how about supporting bernie sanders then ?
next push for mental health evaluations for all gun sales .
i won &apos;t even be watching that racist sexual predator take control of our democracy .
i also welcome you to show me the data on canadian drugs having inadequate safety standards .
virginia is voting blue november , 8th ! 💯
shame on you , ron .
and how did those strict gun laws work out for those innocent victims in france ?
mn has a long list of great people , including our own senator amy klobuchar !
ok art , stop brown nosing your new landlord , lol .
if you ran with bernie we could beat trump .
one makes no sense when he speaks , the other is elizabeth warren .
i am a heald student that was suppose to graduate in 10 weeks .
dem rep. sheila jackson lee rants on house floor : we need food stamps because lack of protein leads to brittle bones and decayed teeth … hey sheila .... it &apos;s calcium , not protein .
please keep speaking the truth al .
the drugs i have gotten from canada have come from india and england and all kinds of places .
it &apos;s time for oregon to recognize , as many , many other states and countries are that ilads lyme society standards of care are far better .
thanks liz
and i understand that politics might force you to go to the inauguration but i would hope that you would join in the boycott .
there are not to many politicians ( left or right ) that deserve anyone &apos;s support , but this guy , sherrod brown , is the worst of the worst .
why did a crowd of hasidic jews in brooklyn burn israeli flags recently ?
i i know and have listened to so many black , mexican , poor , rich &amp; women that will also tell you that &apos;s bs .
thank you for your courage and moral fortitude .
please end the military-industrial complexes war profiteering and cia conflict instigation abroad congresswoman gabbard .
you skipped the inauguration but made the luncheon 👎 🏽
there must be an independent investigation into flynn and russian intervention .
thanks al , for all you do !
senator warren , will you see this ?
your vote for monsanto is a vote against minnesotans .
this isn &apos;t a peaceful transfer of power .
i &apos;m sorry , are we still in a democracy ?
sadly , you can &apos;t reason with the crazy and if they don &apos;t get help , many of them can become violent and they can be violent without guns .
we need action , not quotes , cory booker !
give &apos; em hell girl !
bernie beats him by double digits !
blessings to my fairy godmother rep. maloney , today all of us in the 911 community are thankful for your service as a public servant .
you got into elected office by breaking glass ceilings and the most important glass ceiling still needs to be broken by you .
you voted down the prescription drug bill to lower pricing on drugs and big pharma raping the american citizen .
hawaii first !
agree with you on the trump-trash , but usa the greatest democracy on the planet ?
that is always the excuse they use to try and keep us from importing drugs from canada because there is no adequate safety standards which is a bunch of baloney .
if you can help teach your fellow democrats what &quot; working class america &quot; looks like you will help drive the change in the party that &apos;s needed to overcome this populist takeover from the right .
we are lucky to have you representing the regular people , ed .
if the choice is hillary or trump , i vote trump
tired of tears .
wow ed can you make it over to see al and ask about blue water sailers ?
omg ... do you mean work together like the current democrats and republicans ?
the only bigotry i see here is coming from you and your ilk .
what would happen if a delegate represented her constiuents ?
i love you tammy d. but i don &apos;t like war period so i don &apos;t believe women in combatted very ones who hold the future in thought and children !
senator schumer , we are in a very grave situation .
you &apos;re welcome jon .
this will be for all women in all jobs .
wanda you dem is what has us in this mess smh
you bring the very best of what hawaii is , with the very best of what hawaii will be in the coming years .
but sanders is free to run and i am free to vote for someone else .
thank you so much this is great news
how could you dare vote no to allowing pharmacies and people with prescriptions to purchase cheaper drugs from canada ?
both dem &amp; rep. the more women in power the better the world
joe walsh is an embarrassment to illinois .
if hillary gets the democratic nomination i give it 50 % chance she &apos;ll lose .
liz baby , do alittle more homework
and this is from someone who is not thrilled trump is president !
good luck , liz .
we will no longer tolerate fake progressives .
proud to be a mn resident and have you as our voice in washington !
this lady is a great pic for education .
i would prefer bernie or kasich
# berniesanders is the only option and best option we have had in my lifetime .
and thank you , senator warren , for all of your hard work !
thank you , senator al franken
as a middle class family that has two kids in college , it is a struggle .
amy , i can &apos;t believe you voted to cut vet &apos;s pensions .
loved you since we met in 2008 on twitter .
i &apos;m sure i &apos;ll see a lot of hate coming , but .. how many of you rabid bernie supporters , i.e.
thank you for giving peace in iran a chance !
he &apos;s going to roll over anyone the democrats can muster in 2020. donald trump a man of honor ! ! ! ! !
smartest person you know al ?
instead a fascist sexist loudmouth bullying unstable demogogue was elected .
he was probably promised a nice cushy cabinet gig in a hrc whitehouse if she wins , then he doens &apos;t have to worry about his peasant constituents any longer .
as always , after one of these mass shootings , i am crushed by the weight of the tragedy .
maybe if you looked at hillary &apos;s foundation there is a nestle &apos;s contribution there , earl .
all of trumps nominees don &apos;t have our best interest at at heart .
they lost vote this am and voted again after many bernie delegates left .
you mr brown and your colleagues are to pass laws and judges are uphold those laws in there rulings .
sires grew up and was mayor of west new york .
governor snyder cut 2 / 3 of the general funding for cmhs in michigan .
100 % precincts in and kamala is ahead by 15,000 votes ... that &apos;s close !
you rock amy .
we need more like you kyrsten !
this is exactly why we all need to fight to get bernie elected .
google elizabeth warren and you &apos;ll see what a phony she really is .
i know a lesbian couple ( white ) in nashville who adopted two children ( black ) , a boy and a girl .
his mercenary values are not shared the majority in oregon &apos;s health care community .
happy turkey day and congrats on your win !
happy new year , maggie ! ! !
please answer some of these questions frank pallone jr . ! ! !
yay for ms. warren and the state of massachussets .
• the drugs could also be counterfeit , contaminated , or subpotent , among other things .
now i know that most religious holidays are made up , but they have some basis in faith .
elizabeth i &apos;m with you on your prayers .
mr bennet please have a discussion with dr theo colborn , www.endocrinedisruption.com.
but again , everyone deserves respect .
donald trump has his fair share of faults to be sure but imho so does obama ...
equal pay for equal work is so not already the law .
bravo barbara lee 💌 an oakland senior
i don &apos;t care for al , but that is a stand up position to take and he deserves appreciation for it .
this whole business of &quot; the powers that be &quot; rushing in to annoint markey as the inevitable senator , is very disturbing and very un-democratic .
well said franken ! !
thank you , congresswoman dorris matsui .
i am proud that you represent me in the senate .
i noticed the 500 male role model building the other day .
fight for all the women in washington state and whatcom county who voted for bernie sanders .
al , quit lying to yourself .
i &apos;m proud to be in a state and city ( cleveland ) where unions remain strong .
this is bullshit .
we also now know how much you &apos;ve received in donations from big pharma .
alright elizabeth you &apos;re our next great hope !
this is not a gun issue , disasters happen without guns , as long as we live with undiagnosed mental illness and poverty rates rising there will be more violence .
bernie sanders and i like the same thing .
jeez liz - your mouth foam is covering your dress &amp; shoes .
not the faux poco haunt us or crooked hillary and her sexual deviate of a husband and intern abuser husband .
i would like to know why you senator klobuchar voted to kill sentator paul &apos;s amendment to stop giving egypt planed and tanks ! ? !
yeah , the only person i hate more is elizabeth warren
spot on , senator !
why did tens of thousands of police officers from around the world attend the funerals ?
wake up senators ... you work for the people and we want clear easy to read gmo labeling .
i have written , called , signed petitions , and i appreciate your attention to your constituents more than any other .
and you voted against lowering drug prices .
senator amy , i love you as a senator !
i personally like jfk for his work in the civil rights movement .
first openly gay senator in our nation &apos;s history .
violence isn &apos;t justice .
corporate sellout shill ! ! ! !
thanks you , amy !
well maybe if you voted to lower pharma prices we wouldn &apos;t have this issue .
i &apos;m curious as to what evidence you have seen that drugs re-imported from canada are unsafe ?
thank god for the electoral college .
i shared this same info with senator warren .
i wonder if there was a male democrat candidate if he &apos;d be flying in as much crap as he is told hillary .
we &apos;re with you , elizabeth ! !
please skip the inauguration !
so democrats have been in control for 6 years ?
this is your way of supporting large pharmaceutical companies in nj .
the gop saw fit to block everything they could for 4 years , so the dems should not be afraid to do the same in critical issues .
for you , rick larsen .
do you ever go to the store and have to pick between a package of hamburger or ground chuck ?
sen. michael bennet : # imarch for our economy , families &amp; jobs .
why don &apos;t you also call out bernie sander &apos;s demagoguery ?
i was pleased to read in today &apos;s paper that our governor visited salem &apos;s 99 % demonstration at wilson park .
we are prepared to remain vigilant every single day of a trump presidency .
we need more ethical women in politics .
senator shaheen wants more v.a that will take more money for employ &quot; s .
i will not be watching the inauguration and will be marching the day after .
the usa puts people like bennet on trial and then executes them for the same .
hope she continues to progress and sees value of evidence based strategies for opiates and drug use .
yes , trump is sexist .
bernie is the best candidate .
hillary clinton and bernie sanders are both perfectly capable people , i &apos;d support either one .
then do the right thing and run as bernie &apos;s vp .
you should be honest on why you voted down bernie &apos;s bill .
everyday i hear more people telling me to not vote for trump with rhetoric bs as to why i should not .
but golly gosh yes let &apos;s talk about the &quot; divided &quot; republican caucus and not the divided democrat caucus who can &apos;t decide if they want socialism-lite in hillary or the real deal in bernie sanders .
lizzy listerine
the democrats had a chance to vote for an amendment , proposed by bernie sanders , that would help americans be able to afford medicines they need .
my prayers go out to congresswoman gifford her family , all the victims and their families and also to the public servants who bravely meet with their constituents in this political climate .
you have a sound military head on your shoulders congress woman duckworth .
now that being said an assault weapons ban wouldnt have prevented this tragedy .
franken ... i live in minnesota ... i dislike your politics ... you think regulating people makes you a man of the people ?
mr. franken , you should use your vote to support the candidate your state wants .
a gun for me provides food for my table and protection of my family .
by your continued refusal to acknowledge me or my sacrifice , you are denying me equal representation in the house of representatives as we have only one member of congress .
and did i mention , mau se tung ( communist dictator in china ) was hillary &apos;s hero , that &apos;s why she wore his colors in the first debate .
voted for keith today !
do something about it by endoring bernie sanders .
i just upgraded my speed because i am using the net for tv , phone , and pcs .
cory booker , thank you for your thoughtful analysis of the issues and your informed vote .
i don &apos;t need super size chickens , beef , pork , etc if it is genetically altered from its natural size .
keep fighting senator klobuchar !
she did well , but i &apos;m with bernie .
take off those rose colored glasses liz
no matter who wins or loses , i do not see any benefit to the united states or the cause of democracy .
we know the debt based money system is a frad and we will deal with you first in nov and then these criminals you serve , you treasonous serpent frank pallone .
amy , i don &apos;t want to work and i hate rich people !
i wish i could move to massachusetts just so you could be my senator !
if it disappears entirely i don &apos;t know what we will do ... but i do know this there will be a huge increase in disabled foster children in oregon and that will break the back of an already crippled foster care system .
much luv from connecticut for elizabeth !
that &apos;s why there are senators , representatives , and the electoral college .
i &apos;m glad to hear that you &apos;re out there fighting to hold the big banks accountable .
than go vote for hillary ........ now there &apos;s a winner ....... or bernie sanders you could right about all the things he &apos;s done and jobs he has held .
bullshit senator !
i think that was a threat by christopher huber .
... and the banking system is finding sub-prime loans attractive again ?
banks will rip you off .
its people like you that give us a bad name and dont anyone try to turn my &quot; people like you &quot; into a racist comment , i hate all races equally .
yes , mother in not noun or pronoun .... it is verb : ) in most cases it is inbuilt in women .
a reminder that there is no cure for narcissistic borderline personality disorder .
you and $ hillery and the rest of the corrupt dnc is why we have trump .
thank you amy , for keeping in touch and updating .
kirsten , did you get my email ? ? ?
kirsten gillibrand , we are so honored to have elected you when we lived in ny : )
many local muslim women , children and youth have sadly already fallen prey to the hatred and have become the victims of hate crimes and violence .
his nominees are a cabinet of horrors , and she is their queen .
i love cory booker and hope to see him running for president in 2020. keep up the great work , mr. booker .
senator , agree this is part of your job to help bring justice to those silent victims .
in 1985 , bannon received a master of business administration degree with honors from harvard business school .
i absolutely adore you .
let &apos;s be honest elizabeth , donald trump is a threat to democratic power .
schumer obviously supports that policy , too .
even though i am collecting ss noiw and paying for medicare .
i am a nc residence , but not in your district , but just wanted you to know how grateful i am that you are standing up for so many of us by not attending the upcoming inauguration .
congratulations senator kamala harris .
you make me proud congresswoman .
thank you amy klobuchar ..
knowing that mr. walsh opposes aca , how would he insure that health insurers could not deny those with pre-existing conditions , place ceiling on amts paid , cover adult children who are unable to find job or pay for health coverage ?
no , no , please don &apos;t buzz off , ms. warren !
love you earl , you changed my life
thank you , rep. waters for being a true voice of reason .
thank you for looking out for minnesotans
on november 8th please send jeanne shaheen packing , because this is not acceptable it is wrong and they both know it .
instead of saying canadian medicine isn &apos;t safe .
if they hate bernie so much then nominate warren at the inevitable contested convention .
i voted a split ticket , i voted for you because you have done a good job representing mn
stand up and do not confirm any appointees until the immigration ban is lifted and bannon is removed from the white house !
elizabeth , lets also recognize david , the homeowner who found the suspect in the boat .
also sir , i am well aware that you have received campaign funds from big pharma .
resist resist resist until we get our freedom back ! ! ! ! ! ! !
thank you again for all that you continue to do for each and everyone of our community members .
you years ago said you was against any type of nuclear development of uranium that exceeds the % of being safe for any one nation to have such power .. were do you stand today senator ?
do canadians use the &quot; unsafe &quot; drugs ?
thanks mrs walters .
vote for sanders
this was an easy vote that would have just meant making drugs that are manufactured in the us and sent to canada eligible for resale in the us .
my thoughts are with the loved ones of victims &amp; survivors of the mass shooting in aurora .
i understand progressive candidates try and sometimes you just have to do what &apos;s best for the greater good , but that &apos;s just not good enough right now .
oh , and i sincerely doubt that these are elisabeth warren &apos;s words .
he will overturn all the progressive advances this country has made ... the man think global warming was a lie china created ... god help minorities and lgbtq community !
thank you mr garamendi for representing us well in this time of uncertainty .
she is not calling hillary a girl !
u obviously are scared of change .. donald trump is what this country needs .
thank you debbie for being on the right side of history .
find a way to provide all citizens with affordable prescription drugs .
what alienates our position in the world is the insistence of our leaders to engage in cowboy diplomacy and in the routine dropping of bombs so that we can appear tough on the world stage , to act as if we were the world police and &quot; send a message &quot; through violence .
this lady is a freaking nut job
hillary supports supports the new world order , who &apos;s agenda is to depopulate to a manageable amount , 500 million people .
wishing you much success under challenging circumstances .
i &apos;m proud and happy to see kirsten where she belongs and where she &apos;ll shine !
you would be a better woman president than hillary .
4. i voted democrat because i &apos;m way too irresponsible to own a gun , and i know that my local police are all i need to protect me from murderers and thieves .
ryan cant wait to cut seniors benefits , i say make the gop pay , if you think that women are nasty , just wait , , we will not take this outrage laying down trump is unfit for the job , ans his wife is not fit to clean michell obamas toilets
i hope you &apos;re also thinking about parents and our parent plus loans with 7.4 % interest as you consider how to help students afford college .
well hillary should also be in jail ! !
i &apos;m always so proud to call you my senator .
happy 100 , senator .
couple of points to consider if everyone can calm the hell down : hobby lobby has a very good health plan that covers birth control and has done this for years .
bofa representative lied to us ( jan 2009 ) by stating that we had to be behind on our payments in order to qualify for any loan modification program .
patty , you &apos;ve got my vote .
nice to see you also have an opinion miss warren .
you &apos;re next ... lol 😂 &#91; &#91; photo &#93; &#93;
thank you so much for this needed help
say , dick , here &apos;s a thought .
warren called him out in this post .
wow earl you really are able to pick the things that are important to our nation congratulations !
i supported you , and the democratic party here on maui .. congratulations on your victory .. a well deserved one .
in my opinion dan kildee and the rest of the democratic party should be embarrassed ! !
also , womens &apos; demands for equal access to corporate boardrooms should be accompanied by demands for equal access to the sewers of america .
thanks , chris .
thank you for being ahead of the curve on this one , congresswoman !
if you are so concerned about the issue , why weren &apos;t you the one to introduce this bill with your supposed safety regulations in place instead of taking $ 267 k from the pharmaceutical industry and voting against the only measure being attempted to be taken , to lower prescription costs ?
looks like you haters read the same playbook .
ok derek - tell me why limiting the size of ammo clips is stupid .
thank you , senator kaine &amp; god bless you !
dear elizabeth townsend , please look at what is happening in searsport , maine as citizens continue to battle dcp midstream &apos;s 23 million gallon lpg tank .
portland &apos;s approach to zoning especially in it &apos;s neighborhoods is vastly different than sacramento &apos;s 1950s approach and has helped the city thrive .
mr. maupin served the city of louisville and the portland community for 23 years at what use to be the portland boys and girls club until the salvation army closed its doors and abandoned the children of portland .
i think if hillary can go , you should too .
and trump &apos;s half assed dopey endorsement of ayotte was embarrassing too ! !
why isn &apos;t anyone listening to the fact that the violence occurred from an outside group that took the opportunity of a protest to cause chaos ?
thank you , frank pallone !
thank you for your comments elizabeth !
rip ; ( (
as a citizen here in nj , married with an 11month old minority female child , i am very disheartened , to say the least , about this appointment .
since the fed is shut down lets stop the subsidies to the big oil and big pharma and most of all close the fed &apos;s overnight loan office where big companies can borrow millions at no interest .
best of luck peter !
chelsea clinton used foundation to help pay for wedding : email new york post-nov 6 , 2016 chelsea clinton used her family foundation &apos;s cash to pay for her wedding , living expenses and taxes on gifts of cash from her parents , ...
❤ ️ your candor
prayers thoughts and warm wishes to you sen claire mccaskill
sherrod also for the women in the womb that want to be born ? ?
i thought he looked equally nice in a suit and tie as in camouflage .
with the proper licensing , i can have a fully automatic .50 caliber machine gun .
you can all thank senator murray and her fellow naysayers for her limited understanding , her biased position and her decision to discriminate against our children , refusing them opportunities for literacy proficiency .
now if every government politician was as thoughtful as al .
thank you congressman ellison .
why do you feel that the prosecutors of the state of new jersey in conjunction with the new jersey department of environmental protection could not bring polluters to justice ?
thank you representative slaughter .
you &apos;re a disgusting vile creature warren .
you are a sorry ass political pos .
simple post about gender equality , turns to a bunch of other shit .
hey claire make sure you let everyone know you voted to cut veterans benefits kinda like when you voted for your presidents health care crap that has a clause in there to kill babies
we need you , chuck shumer and sean patrick maloney more then ever .
beto i am standing with this issue .
booker , it just came full circle so suck it up hypocrite .
it &apos;s unacceptable to me that a white supremacist with a long record of hate can honestly be allowed to have one of our highest offices .
please louise !
again : thank you .
you &apos;re a sick and twisted narcissist hypocrite .
very truly yours , ann styles brochstein , million mom march - brady center .
did al forget obama banned iraqi refugees for 9 months ! ?
ron , i am still waiting to see your ( or any democrat &apos;s ) budget proposal .
go tweet bully trump !
i have contributed to elizabeth warren &apos;s campaign ! !
thanks for your concern , but at this point , i don &apos;t trust anyone in the united states and would buy my medication in canada without batting an eye .
vote for bernie or even trump if you &apos;re insane , but do not let her steal this election and make a joke of our nation .
looking forward to being able to say senator warren .
i agree that walsh is too extreme .
very important that we find out whether trump was involved with flynn &apos; s communicatuins
thought you had more class !
where were you from the start when u should have been by bernie &apos;s side
if this vote was just about setting a trap for republicans as this article claims , why , corey booker , did you fall for it ?
yes , colleen back to the tea party mantra-charities and the church will take care of the poor .
i think that minnesota should dump amy klobuchar as senator , she is a self serving senator .
you took near 400k from big pharma , please spare us the bs .
let &apos;s go single payer
ending of federal raids on mmj shops out in the west , the reclassification of cannabis in our country and the end of the billion dollar drug war .
i have signed your petition senator .
clinton and the rest of you who lost did so because the people want strong , progressive leaders who stand up against the gop .
agree with you al , but remember trump really believes what he is saying ... .
his plan for free community college .
# neverhillary she &apos;s a corporate prostitute
bring back our labels of country of origin and gmo products !
i know some of you are appalled by the fact that two men or two women love one another .
did u cry when obama banned refugees ?
is that better paul .... unfortunately i didn &apos;t proof read for typo &apos;s !
warren would like nothing better than being selected as bernies running mate .
dear elizabeth , if you were here and it was proper , i would give you a large hug for what you posted .
but the gun control the democrats are trying to get passed is geared to disarming anyone they choose to designate as a &quot; domestic terrorist , &quot; including anyone who dares to criticize our government on social media !
i marched on city hall as a student at thomas jefferson high school , and tim kaine stood with us .
gun laws do not protect us as citzens , criminals break the law regardless , taking away gun ownership rights due to medical marijuana is unconstitutional .
you tell them ............ we need to address mental health not just gun ownership
what about gay people &apos;s rights ? muslims want to punish the gay community .
ms. warren had very real concerns that the bill needed further review .
i admire your progressive stands .
it &apos;s all corporate banking bs , where the idea is to decide humans with believing false truths .
why was she always crying and screaming ?
shouldn &apos;t you be out on a ledge somewhere , elizabeth ?
they posted that it was endorsing and did endorse hillary clinton .
elizabeth warren 2020 🇺 🇸 if we make it until then .
this has to be one of the largest discrimination - abuse of a disabled person case that ever way - someone has to step up and fight for what is right in nj .
just an example she got angry at caroline kennedy that hrc insisted that caroline won &apos;t take h senate sest on new york because the kennedies supported president obama .
now our state democrats need to take a lesson from you .
then don &apos;t attend .
mendoza said that trump &apos;s speech delineated a clear contrast between himself and hillary clinton .
for anyone that is proud of pascrell for his feigned faux outrage - just remember - he &apos;s not subject to jughead care .
i will follow your example anytime senator warren , and more than ever in this case .
i have followed senator sander &apos;s campaign since he declared last year , and have done extensive research on both democratic candidates .
why won &apos;t democrats try to be more bipartisan .
read your comments about putting guns or police in schools in our dallas morning news .
the democrats obstructionist antics are detrimental to the country in general and the democratic party in particular .
please , we are behind you amy !
may these words echo loudly when faced with a decision regarding the pharmaceutical industry .
silent racism is y we still fight bigots that shun employment for people of color , or qualified advancement in promoting ugly people .
got a problem with even that much democracy ?
health care reform is on its way ... it would be best if it included the recognition that what a woman chooses to do for her own health is best decided upon the basis of her doctor &apos;s advice and her own judgment .
the only party that has incited violence is the liberals !
go get them tammy !
please let this amazing family mourn in peace they have given so much .
how &apos;s that war on drugs going ?
congressman kurt schrader
* donald trump believes states should decide whether transgender people may use restrooms matching their gender identity and opposes same-sex marriages .
thank you for keeping me hopeful congressman blumenauer .
al - you miss the point of the article .
and while the government &apos;s role in regulating genetically modified foods has been kept aloof by &quot; powerful industries with bottomless pockets , &quot; human and environmental health has suffered .
thank you patty for your service to our fine state
&apos; insult to a lady is insult to all ladies &apos; .
you sold us out to your pharmaceutical pals who back you up with contributions .
democratic	test		party created the kkk , the nra was found to protect freed slaves via gun ownership , democrats voted agaisnt womens right to vote , voted against , overwhelmingly , against 13th ammendment .
encourage people to take their part in democratic process , write your lawmakers etc .
earl , what is the solution ?
thank you for your leadership on these issues .
thank you for your relentless advocacy for justice
what about those of us who have chronic pain and can &apos;t get out of bed without a prescription drug painkiller ?
schumer understand my concerns . &apos;
canada has stringent drug safety rules in place .
since when was i an advocate for accepting large sums of money from big pharmaceutical companies ?
there has been no evidence of racism , sexism or xenophobia in his campaign , there &apos;s plenty of that and then some in clintons campaign .
we see you , cory , and expected more
all semi / full auto firearms and magazines with &gt; 10 round capacity should be banned from public sale .
a rash and cowardly vote , and completely unbefitting of the democratic party .
cory booker , it was you who voted against lowering the drug prices last night .you &apos;re an establishment democrat and we &apos;re gonna vote you out in 2020 .
i want to hear you say that if sanders becomes president and even more taxes come out of your paycheck to pay for the people who are &quot; unable to work &quot; ( aka lazy people who don &apos;t want to work ) .
keep it up , senator shaheen !
mr. bennet this comment is pathetic to say the least .
claire get a clue and pay attention ! !
i love senator warren and i would prefer to hear her say as the republicans did after president obama &apos;s election that she would do everything in her power to make trump unsuccessful .
trump supporters have been spit on , beaten up called horrible names .
is the kkk still a real thing ?
elizabeth warren , this is nothing different from what your party would do !
you really should take your nasty feet and go back to the hole you crawled out of
you are a very impressive women !
congressman blumenauer-i just wanted to say thank you for standing strong for the people of oregon and for your defense of john lewis .
trump will win against hillary , people cannot stand her .
here comes gmo pot thanks to tpp , and your vote
anybody but hillary
i challenge warren to say one sentence without using the words rigging or level .
however , with just six weeks until election day , i need your help to ensure we can keep this fight going .
mr. booker , could you please post the wyden amendment ?
the travesty of discrimination against people of any sexual orientation is the civil rights issue of this still new century !
that &apos;s why you rock senator !
thank you for speaking for women and families .
this is why we voted for you , al .
can &apos;t wait to learn how it went from patty .
we need to follow boston and stand up against trump !
happy mother &apos;s day to you senator .
there is simply no virtue in ignorance , or in denying truth .
they should team up with john walsh if they haven &apos;t already .
senator murray , i &apos;ve read a couple of your posts now where you mention you are &quot; standing ready &quot; to fight with us .
liberalism is a mental disorder whose aim is to erode and destroy a civilized society .
we don &apos;t give a dead rat &apos;s ass about your opinion .
michigan is losing a giant for the citizens and business community of this great state .
we equal woman , mothers and sisters and daughters are wondering why are you letting big oil companies buy protected forest harboring endangered plants and animals for fracking which will be dumped into the ohio river ?
we as a nation have more gun violence and death than any other industrialized nation .
i hope you get vp nomination from hilary or bernie
just replace the white democrat kkk with the black democrat splf as the preferred hate group .
pantsuits &amp; tennis shoes !
if you &apos;d teamed up with bernie , you &apos;d be veep rn
people didn &apos;t want another politician like clinton that has her tongue up the ass of corporate america sucking in the money that they throw at her and the clinton &quot; money laundering &quot; foundation .
go get um frank !
keep it up liz !
i have to say i am seriously disgusted that you voted against gmo labeling !
sanders stands the best chance of beating him and it &apos;s absolutely , life and death , critical that trump not take the white house .
go suzanne bonamici !
everyone speaks about racism and hate .
oregon has six , which is dreadful when you think of the small number of large cities we have .
former wisconsin teacher , now living in n rockford , illinois .
obama &apos;s six month refugee ban in 2011 ?
in that caucus a a overwhelming majority of dfl minnesotans , the same folks who elected you , chose bernie sanders , yet you have pledged your super delegate vote to hillary clinton .
well , if we could just manage to get the drug companies out of the pockets of our legislators , something might actually get accomplished , don &apos;t you think ?
trump is a sociopath and cares for nobody but himself
break the stranglehold that big pharma has on medicare .
so proud of you my senator ! !
i can never take you seriously as a woman because you seem so oppressed in your appearance .
vote against intervention in syria .
i &apos;m so sad for uncle joe !
al thank you for your hard work
it is bullshit .
amy , you and al are great !
opposing democrats has always been more hazardous to your health .
happy thanksgiving elizabeth , my family and i are grateful to have you as our new senator .
unions started because the owners of business conspired together to bully worker into a lower wage .
oh look , all of the intelligent people are agreeing with mrs. warren , and all of the ignorant , bigoted , white trash trump supporters are responding by telling her to shut up and calling her racist names .
ron , when are we going to get health care separated from employment altogether ?
bernie is the only answer .
in 2020 , hopefully , you &apos;ll be elected president .
we pray there will be enough courageous , intelligent representatives who know history and believe in the democratic process to block some of the orange rapist &apos;s evilness and hate .
congresswoman bass you will have to get there early sit by the door were the president enters and walks down the isle .
you also say trump is racist .
you are no better when you voted against senator sanders drug bill .
thank you senator frank pallone for working on this very important problem !
please act as our duly elected representative and not as a politician and attend the inauguration , in lieu of that , please explain your reasoning for not attending and disrespecting the office of president and the election process .
we love you senator warren and hope that one day you will lead this country !
we need to do whatever we can to identify young people who are at risk and intervene vigorously , including search and seizure of weapons and intensive mental health assessment .
assault weapons banned .
as a super delegate , you snubbed your own people .
the highway robbery committed by big pharma in the us is an injustice .
sen. debbie stabenow , thank you for standing up for all michiganders !
if you say no then you &apos;re not really for equality for all , just &quot; equality &quot; for you .
this saturday , june 22nd , i actually dreamed that sen. klobuchar and i were sitting on two chairs on each side of a table eating rice , while a girl toddler came clamoring for some .
note : according to consumer reports , providence st. joseph medical center in burbank , has a 67 % higher rating nationally , for blood born infections .... including sepsis ( see attached ) .
strengthen gun control pass the violence against women act immigration reform with the pathway to citizenship work on rebuilding our infrastructure and creating more jobs
okay al .
my local community mental health center refuses to treat people on medicare .
we must also stand against homophobia and decide that it is finally time to take a common sense approach to gun control and mental health access .
do you know someone suffering from trump acceptance resistance disorder ( tard ) ?
where norway has stashed away almost a trillion dollars in royalties for future generations , canada has a trillion dollar environmental clean up liability .
i would love to see rep van hollen run for the top job myself .
i believe trump will need and want creative , positive minds like you to be successful .
i truly think that in order for everything to go forward we need to invest again in bringing all different types of transportation up to modern safe levels , trains to haul the hazardous stuff but it &apos;s time to modernize and fix the railways first .
please fight for american values and decency .
happy birthday jeannie from rawson allycia and me !
i &apos;m dumbfounded with you , patty murray and maria cantwell and you both have lost any future vote from me .
can you convince senator schumer to vote against the farm bill ?
thanks for speaking out , senator wyden .
it is so nice to have an honest person working for us , and that &apos;s what you do , work for us !
thank you , senator murray , ,
more than 30 people in the u.s. die every day as victims of gun violence .
kasich is playin &apos; : -d hillary is lyin &apos; : - ( bernie is jokin &apos; ; - ) trump is right !
it &apos;s time to endorse bernie sanders !
trump is very pro jewish and israel .
while i agree and am thankful that there are efforts to help find a cure for alzheimer &apos;s disease , and support that effort , i would also like to see a huge effort in fighting the dark act and make it mandatory for all gmo products to be labeled as such .
al , omg ... hopefully its a positive conversation ,
hvala , amy !
thank you for your courage and voice .
it &apos;s all rather scary and your continued dedication to end hate is so needed .
if i mail a bill to any business in duluth it will go to eagan , mn first and then back to duluth !
we here in holbrook , ronkonoma and other surrounding areas want this bridge complete ... it should not take this long for such a small bridge and to see the lack of workers on this bridge is a problem .... so can we get an answer ?
and yes , it is ridiculous that nominees lose after having won the popular vote .
let &apos;s see , oh , then there is the fact that our logging and fishing industry is gone leading to mass unemployment , we have a cost of living increase in the stores every day and our streets are opened to shootings and thieves on a daily basis .
i am grateful for those that do .
luv you tulsi
now please turn your attention to doing something about climate change and campaign finance reform ... and blocking any trade deals that give up sovereign powers to corporate profits , like the tpp .
i live in virginia and am so grateful we have a real human like you voicing his strong opinions in the house !
colleen , i have no issue with acknowledging my mistakes .
( just wondering , is &quot; better mental health care &quot; lumped in with &quot; expanding background checks &quot; ? )
all racist cheats
kamala , thank you so much .
to say such a crazy thing means you are either lying or you don &apos;t know much about the pharmaceutical market in canada .
remember this one senator booker , &quot; a , a good name is rather to be had than silver or gold &quot; .
the fact that you find it necessary to remind your like-thinkers to be non-violent in their activities as this nation continues its tradition of peaceful transfer of power is a self-indictment .
al , you are so right on .... the repugs are trying to dismantle america so they can get what they don &apos;t have ... much is not much !
life is good- you could be married to donald trump instead of john dingell ... remember to count your blessings : - ) and did i mention that you are a great congresswoman ?
these are the people elizabeth warren aligns herself with .
because who else would be walking the streets of north minneapolis wearing a bullet proof vest ?
someone who lied about her race in order to get ahead financially is calling someone else a racist ?
tulsi i know you did not support her but please please please run for president and hopefully become the first female president - which means hillary will lose .
love you , elizabeth , and this is what i would expect of you , but why wasn &apos;t the same wished for president obama ?
peace and strength to all of us .
i definitely will lose respect for warren if she endorses hillary and still will write in bernie 🔥 🔥 🔥 🔥 🔥 🔥 🔥
i wish that my senators had the same wisdom and compassion that you have , senator klobuchar .
congratulations debbie .
give her the recognition she deserves .
and , btw the middle class is not the largest segment of society .
dear tim kaine your party has been in charge for the last 8 years .
i wish you were getting ready to be vp , but am also grateful to have you where you are .
the funeral live on tv was beautiful i adored this wonderful man .. wanted him to run for president .... his son &apos;s speech.was very nice.and made me laugh and cry , both ... he &apos;ll carry on his father &apos;s legacy .. mario is in heaven for sure my sympathies to his wonderful family xoxoxo
i can &apos;t believe that elizabeth warren , of all people would stoop so low .
hey lizzy , share some of the racism , sexism and xenophobia ( whatever that is ) because what i see , trump employs more , black americans , , women , latinos , and most likely lgbt than any of the other candidates .
happy birthday , we love you and will vote for you .
a sanders / warren ticket is what it will take to defeat trump .
i would ask you to consider supporting bernie u.s. senator bernie sanders for president
dear congresswoman , i am excited to have been asked to address your constituency about the merits of social media networking for the job hunter .
good , stay with progressive policies , push forward
rick , but i
chuck shummer what are you and your fellow democrats going to do ?
can you please explain why you and 11 other dems voted against the drug bill that senator sanders sponsored .
so my suggestion would be to endorse bernie sanders now , as he has a bigger chance of winning agains trump than hill &apos;s does because he has the independent vote and a huge chunk of the democratic party vote !
don the con is a dangerous threat to our civil liberties .
stand up for the union voices and organize to keep rights and get rights for everyday working folks .
posts like this , unfortunately , are so overwritten that they are easy for trump supporters to shoot holes in .
abortion inducing drugs are not essentail health care .
instead of importing lower priced drugs , why don &apos;t we copy the canadian policy of a review panel that investigates drug pricing and regulates it to actual costs + , instead of whatever they can raise the price and get away with it ....
reuters : hillary loses to trump ; bernie wins http : / / m.dailykos.com / story / 2016 / 5 / 2 / 1522454 / -latest-reuters-data-shows-hillary-losing-to-trump-but-bernie-wins
i am proud as hell that minnesota leads all other states in isis recruiting because of our minnesota muslims !
thanks , senator schumer ..... it &apos;s a disgusting day in our history .
we need to hear more from elizabeth .
those laws are all ready on the books in oregon so how would your proposal have prevented this tragedy ?
seems like every day i hear of a appalling new aspect of the tpp .
hilarious how all the trolls who claim to not like cory booker , are on his page , kinda of hypocritical - i don &apos;t care for him , but i &apos;ll go on his page and be a asshat to him - right mentality at it &apos;s finest
bless you liz
keep up the good work rep. lloyd doggett .
hopefully , they will all get voted out next year so that kamala harris can take part in making real change happen .
this is why i love elizabeth warren !
great work amy ! !
kamala harris , you are a moron .
senator , pipa and sopa will cause more problems than they will solve .
tim kaine get in the truck lol https : / / youtu.be / sco _ ebvxgtq
interestingly , ( in those that i read ) i didn &apos;t see any negativity from declared hillary supporters .
thank you for standing up for workers , congressman doggett .
just check out david hinkley &apos;s page folks ... that explains his inane ( look that up david ) comment about al .
thank you rich neil !
thank you for all your efforts senator .
thank you senator kaine
thank you senator kaine for all of your hard work in public service .
right on , peter defazio !
please close your mouth elizabeth .
forget bernie .
thank you senator , this is important .
i &apos;m sickened by his resignation , this will only fuel lying alec serving crook dennis richardson to push to further screw oregon and run for governor .
used to think highly of you mr. booker , not now since you feel that prescription drug prices are fine .
ok , your welcome carol .
please shine some sun on the tpp .
i am so glad you stand up for women &apos;s rights but we have a huge problem with our disabled getting proper dental care while in a nursing home .
dnc will never allow sanders and clinton can &apos;t win your their only chance .
arvig in cass county holds us hostage , charging outrageous feels for very , very limited service .
bernie wouldn &apos;t have .
i like you al but please explain to me how bombing the taliban &apos; degraded and destroyed them &quot; - oh wait .
thank you barbara , i know at least you always speak for me
michigan - the venerable sitdowners are rolling over in their graves - and if any are still alive , i know they weep for what we are losing .
thank you for all of your service and i hope that you will continue to fight for those of us that struggle .
i am so proud to live where you represent us !
at the very least , read what senator warren says , above !
does anyone out there have an idea why women aren &apos;t treated equally ?
happy birthday , senator warren , and thank you for all your hard work .
if we do not have the wherewithal to address the issues of mental illness and guns , hate and guns , fear and guns , crime and guns , violence in families and guns then we are encouraging a domestic war zone from sea to shining sea .
thanks for all your work and dedication to new hampshire and the country .
your silence on al assad &apos;s crime of launching a chemical attack on the syrian people is a message to him that he can do it again
nj is behind you !
donald trump is a chump .
please continue to fight for justice when it comes to these outrageous costs for the lifesaving drugs we need .
sen. gillibrand , i am also very concerned about the provisions in the bill pertaining to social security .
thank you brian for being the champion of the people .
the media along with soros and the dnc is responsible for all of the pain and suffering , destruction and man hour expenditure of these riots and should be sued to the point where this b.s.
equal rights for all american &apos;s ! ! ! ! !
if elizabeth warren had been the nominee we &apos;d be celebrating a democratic victory right now ....
love that ct is taking the lead on this !
this is wonderful news !
persons on social security will be required to attend &quot; end-of-life &quot; planning seminars every five years .
great job elizabeth
imua tulsi !
that &apos;s how democracy delivers .
when the water isn &apos;t there , they march and protest playing victim .
i &apos;m with you carol shea-porter .
bravo , to the peacemakers , the contentious objectors to violence and war !
as a paralegal and a grad student in criminal justice , i have hit every brick wall trying to get it for myself .
mark sentor perhaps you should concentrate on your own sorry state and realize the elizabeth not only won she beat an incumbant and she is hete to stay .
you and bill pascrell ( nj congressman ) seem to be among the select few that , routinely , are deserving of respect !
has that ever happened in the history of cabinet nominees ?
chuck is the man .
i &apos;ve never heard of mr guinta blocking comments on facebook that politely disagreed with him
the dnc must take almost full responsibility for handing the wh keys to the dumpster .
having sex together ... intimate contact ... living married as a man and woman should .
i keep trying to teach her that patient , respectful dialogue often works wonders .
31-year-old luis alejandro villegas after the illegal immigrant was released onto the streets due to new york city &apos;s sanctuary city policy which refuses cooperation with federal authorities to help deport criminals .
like bernie does .
however , trump had the majority of votes in 29 states ( 30 states if you count michigan which hasn &apos;t been called but trump is leading ) .
ron , i want say merry christmas !
happy birthday patty , you are the best and we need you for washington state ! ! ! !
the discussion needs to address mental illness before it addresses guns .
we should truly consider giving the electoral college the deep six .
i &apos;ve been buying from canada drugs for more than 10 years and i saved a ton if money that way .
it &apos;s a very scary world
you had no problem taking that $ 385k in cash from big pharma though .
spartan fan also - go blue !
spewing hatred and denouncing ones point of view merely because one disagrees is what divides a nation .
kamala harris for united states attorney general !
thank you for all your work , senator .
you screwed bernie , right from the start .
thank you for sharing this perspective !
i &apos;ve always respected you and admired your brave political stances throughout your career .
well , if they do succeed in delaying or blocking , perhaps the next president , hillary clinton or bernie sanders can appoint the new scj .
thank you for your efforts on behalf of all of us .
can you help a good family struggle with mental illness ?
brian - do us all a favor and secede again ... no one here will stop you , in fact , we might help you .
jesse jackson , has been keeping a low profile with regards to the democratic party ... not sure if it is because of his negative obama comment or the chicanery in chicago his son , jesse jackson jr. has been involved in .
how much is big pharma paying you ?
sorry elizabeth , we the voters will take a chance on trump .
voted early for hrc but she has a sleeze factor of 4 ( trump 10 1 / 2 ) .
get him out of there cory , he has no business in the white house .
sorry , frank , this bill is a travesty and the sooner it is repealed , the better it will be .
in their veiw they would hate to see the blue collar make any headway .
anger and hatred is alive and well .
if they are , legal workers , paid above the table , a minimum wage high enough to live , and subject to all the same labor laws that citizens are , they will cost the same .
i think it &apos;s s scam to raise prices over 60 cents a gallon in oregon almost $ 4 ! ! !
as one of your nj constituents , i appreciate your clear opposition to this appointment .
sincerely , a progressive
usa is heading back to 1930 ... wonder if trump will take away the women &apos;s voting rights too ?
i &apos;m just the low 99 % .. i used to be middle class !
happy easter to you and your family , debbie .
how can gay marriage trump that ? .
hey patty , watched the entire debate , you ruled .
i feel lucky to have him and also lucky that my other senator is tim kaine .
i have a better question ... which document did frank pallone read ? ?
go liz &amp; obama
i was hoping for a sanders / warren ticket for 2016 , i would feel a lot better about our future than i do right now .
show us you &apos;re not biased elizabeth .
senator booker you inspire me every day to do better and be better .
we want this police officer to be treated as any other citizen in new jersey .
tell me what to do debbie l need some guidance before 2018 so we can retake our country
thank you and please continue to fight
they could go around begging their big donors for money , just like hillary .
it was a busy crazy monday , i wished him happy birthday last week , but i love to do a custom-made .
thank you earl , it is reassuring to know that we have you , as well as jeff merkly still working on our best interests .
# stillbernie # feelthebern what are you waiting for to endorse him u.s. senator elizabeth warren ?
good luck from chicago , elizabeth .
the spurious tactic of blaming unions ( yet again ) is the typcial fascist playbook .
senator , you just killed your chances in 2020 by voting against the amendment to lower prescription drugs .
i &apos;m very worried about the rights and safety of us citizens ( and non-citizens ) if bannon is appointed , but i &apos;m not sure how to help .
what about to sin by being bought off by big pharma ?
fact : cattle / beef / meat lobbyists are preventing a ban on horse slaughter in ( unfounded ) fear of a &quot; slippery slide &quot; to banning cattle slaughter .
please vote against both pruitt and devos .
is this how you begin to do that by not attending the inauguration of our country &apos;s next leader 😡 😡 😡 wow ... and trump lies ? ! ? ! ? ! ?
nancy i am with you
he &apos;s an ass elizabeth , but bravo to you for taking the high road .
you want a dem to win , back bernie .
snyder is a business man as he said when he ran his campaign .
we are all awake now and we do not want big money in our politics anymore ... sorry rick .
i agree and i don &apos;t want a waco in oregon .
i hope her transition from this life into another life was peaceful .
thank you for all you do to help students and working class folks !
i used to be a very proud democrat but not any more .
kirsten with all the snow in new york , wouldn &apos;t you like to move to georgia ?
i grew up in minnesota .
having written all that , i &apos;d much rather see rep. pallone campaigning against anna little this fall .
thank you for all your persistence and hard work !
congratulations , sen. kaine .
congressman pallone - do you support the type of prroposals being vetted in europe to address sovereign debt ?
thanks for responding personally to a lot of this in order to flesh out your position , and for continuing to fight trumpism .
you used your super delegate vote unethically and illegally to vote against the people of minnesota for that criminal .
true , madam president let &apos;s do this
clintons accepted speaking fees from companies who benefited from tpp while she was being lobbied by them .
thank you for your support for my family and all the lgbt families ! ! !
if they are so naive as to believe frank pallone is infallible they are living in la-la land .
... not so much ! .... go bernie !
polls show bernie has a wider margin of win than hillary .
thank you ms warren , this is one fight i hope you win decisively .
thank you for thinking of us instead of the health insurance corporations .
you have failed the people by standing with big pharma
cnn last night had bernie 20 point ahead of trump in a match up .
keep after them senator brown !
all students would benefit from evidence based reading instruction , and many cannot learn to read without it .
ray truly believed in this for all vermont children , thank you for making it happen ! !
typical politician , i &apos;m so disappointed in you senator murray .
thank you senator levin for all your years of service .
continue to stand strong and protect the hardworking , older adults like my parents who have earned every cent of their pension and healthcare benefits through years of hard work and dedication to democratic values .
obama &apos;s buddy warren buffett owns the railroad moving this oil .
can &apos;t believe ellison ever got elected to his posistion
thank you for supporting our veterans , senator murray .
stabenow is a liar .
illinois needs to get their crap settled even more !
better come out as bernie &apos;s vp !
and you are still not prepared to endorse bernie sanders !
another great statesman from oregon .
mahalo senator for all you do .
please please please stop al assad from killing the syrians in all weapons .... more than 100000 were killed by his soldiers and the irani and hezb allah soldiers ...... he will not stop using the chemical weapons if you don &apos;t stop him forever ....
or open up the market and let people decide if they trust canadian manufactured meds .
patty - i &apos;m certainly not against mammograms .
yes , monsanto made ddt and now they are feeding our baby &apos;s and children poison ( glyphosate ) .
trump would make this country the laughing stock of planet earth .
thank you for your vote on sensible gun control today .
when are those protesters going to be arrested for assault on police officers and blocking a public road ( also a emergency route ) ?
why use extra security and dump trucks filled with sand in new york city every time there is a major event .
jim - are you familiar with the dunning-kruger effect ?
your starting to talk about bernie .
representative elizabeth esty ( d-ct ) joined senators chris murphy ( d-ct ) and richard blumenthal ( d-ct ) to demand starbucks change its firearm policy and bar law-abiding patrons from carrying guns on starbucks property .
shirley that &apos;s hateful language .
thank you senator schatz for your leadership !
at least trump owns his decisions .
must say i agree , but the dems supported the electoral college system , and when it does not work for them they want to rid us of it .
i respect women too much to perpetuate this stereotype !
we are so proud of all your good work .
prior to aca , i had to order my asthma meds from abroad because i didn &apos;t have health insurance .
you are wrong debbie stabenaw , this is just part of your political agenda ! ! !
great work senator murray .... seen you on c span ... budget plan ! !
thank you elizabeth warren for fighting for all of us .
amy , please support ron johnsons if you like your health insurance plan you can keep it law .
this is particularly relevant for you as a senator from hawaii given the indigenous rights issues that are associated with a dapl .
i sent money to elizabeth too even tho i live in ca .
&quot; more monmouth musings &quot; is a notorious hate pallone site that &apos;s never demonstrated any sense of responsibility for what it uploads .
you hit the nail on the head elizabeth warren trump is a crook &amp; only thinking about his own poket if he is elected we here im australia &amp; in other countries around the world will also be effected if trump is voted in .
my daughter has eye issues and last night she asked if she will be losing her insurance since trump and mn republicans want to eliminate helath care or as they call it obamacare .
if you want democrats to win in 4 years , i strongly encourage you to support truly strong , left-wing , non-establishment dems like bernie and elizabeth warren .
senator , please rally your fellow intelligent senators in ousting our fascist dictator !
chuck , you &apos;re a little bitch !
by the way , thanks for all your efforts on behalf of wa - we appreciate what you do , and will vote to keep you around for another term ( or more ) !
and thank you for being there to represent indiana joe donnelly !
i truly appreciate your efforts !
dodd frank hurts everyone of those people .
senator bernie sanders for president
ms. harris i applaud you for your above statement which should clarify the issue and your office &apos;s position with handling this matter of importance .
as the only democratic congressman representing our fine state , i hope voters let their voices be heard during the next election .
just remember that you are merely an employee with a paycheck at the end of the day , and that ultimately in the long run of your success in life , you are easily replaceable because of your decisions of blocking a small chunk of innocent women and children .
sincerely , harold j .
just give your big pharma money back and people will believe the article you love to cut and paste !
still looks like big pharma is controlling your vote .
for those not afflicted with epistemic closure , but who haven &apos;t kept up with the net neutrality issue , here &apos;s something on why progressives don &apos;t like the fcc &apos;s action today : http : / / act.boldprogressives.org / sign / sign _ netneutrality _ 3things / ? akid = 3035.20547.dantee &amp; rd = 1 &amp; source = e1-nonetflix &amp; t = 3
you take care patty .
thank you debbie and carl for caring about our environment and for generations to come.president obama thank you for signing into law this bill ..
the divisions between white and brown in areas like half moon bay for example are stronger than ever .
i hope you stand with john lewis and boycott sherrod brown .
clinton or bernie ?
&quot; these students are the future doctors , lawyers , teachers and , maybe , senators , who will make america stronger .
so why block access to canadian drugs ?
thank you senator chuck schumer and i love that you can reveal your heart &lt; 3 that monster trump wont cry because he lacks any empathy , besides , it would leave runs down his orange spray tan !
i will also encourage my friends from nj not to vote for you in the future .
thank you amy this should have been done a long time ago .
chag sameach congresswoman !
we all agree here in minnesota !
we need you to support this important food safety bill and get it passed as soon as possible .
i encourage others to boycott nestle products .
she only won nys because of nyc , buffalo , syracuse and rochester .
congresswoman tammy duckworth .
you along with jeff merkley have voted to take away money from my family .
thank you so much for supporting a woman &apos;s reproductive freedom , earl !
the democrats must be really scared of &quot; the donald &quot; they don &apos;t have a clue as to how to mount a campaign against him other than fear mongering !
one med i take is $ 200.00 cheaper than u.s. canada drug receives them from europe or india .
my congressman , steny hoyer , and both senators benjamin cardin and barbara mikulski are of this political party .
these posts only serve to energize those of us who are voting trump for no other reason than to say f &apos; you to the lefties and the political establishment .
don &apos;t bet your life on that senator warren .
thanks you , mr. franken .
thank you so much for casting a vote for peace .
senator , did you cry tears for the americans that died on september 11th ?
i wonder if rep rep. debbie wasserman schultz will make a new beginning an work for more debates for the democratic party .
a political advisor and white supremacist cannot be on this critical body .
al , i remember when you came out on snl not so many years ago .
the would be in bed for sure not sitting in front of the tv all day long .what kind a mother and grandmother is she we should ask ourselves to use children in her dirty advertising against trump they are children madam secretary .
for all we know , he could be secretly working for her and his whole campaign was a ruse to be the worst of two evils , making everyone wanting to vote for hilary so he doesn &apos;t win .
i know it &apos;s depressing but keep fighting for us -- you &apos;re an inspiration .
now take your trolls and get off this forum .
i was supporting bernie .
it &apos;s not the trump people rioting and destroying police cars .
congratulations madame attorney general !
i would wish you were heer in wi .
to be sure , there are millions of donald trump supporters who are euphoric with their candidate &apos;s rise .
wyden you and you &apos;re other crony democrats need to get over the democratic loss and vote to confirm mr. price .
i can not wait to vote for you in 2020 .
rep. sherman and many other career politicians really don &apos;t need to serve their constituency in any direct or obvious way .
the woman in the san bernardino islamic terror attack was spewing hatred on social media but investigators could not use the info to stop her from getting a visa .
keith and i would ( i think ) agree that the ar15 weapon used in the aurora shooting leans too far into &apos; weapon of war &apos; territory , and should not be sold to the public .
tammy duckworth 2020 !
way too kind w / your words about trump .
i &apos;m excited about trump &apos;s magic wand .. &amp; &amp; &amp; &apos; he is smart ... trump will tell you what you want to hear ... he even said so ... quite recently ...
please don &apos;t assist with normalizing sexism , racism , anti-semitism , and so forth .
had you shown up when bernie needed you ... this game would be over
liz helveston - you &apos;re the first person i thought of when i read rb &apos;s post ... hmm ... i wonder why ? !
i &apos;d also like to see specific examples of him exciting violence .
glad to see other states politicians implore common sense when approaching gun laws !
cory was one of my heroes !
stand up to pharma
thank you senator booker for standing up for what is right .
thanks for listening to your constituents , senator schumer .
please support warren &apos;s bill to hold trump accountable to same standards and prevent rampant corruption .
merry christmas and happy new year to al and franni and kids .
if you hate the high cost of college nowadays why do you make $ 400,000.00 to teach one class ? ?
hi dutch ruppersberger .
lets not police the entire planet
^ the senators who voted against the violence against women act
i would find it quite pleasant if elizabeth warren would endorse bernie sanders !
the ceo of this company is a fellow democrat , and daughter of democrat senator joe manchin .
putting students in debt , you fake hog you !
can &apos;t wait for nj to catch up with what &apos;s happening throughout the country .
really glad that you are representing the interests of the middle class and those aspiring to be in the middle class ... in ohio and the natoon !
uh chuck , the constitution says that the senate gets to make their own rules .
wish for you the best !
makes sense to shift , given the hundreds of millions of dollars corporations and the oligarch have poured into distorting what science says about anthropogenic global climate change .
she is trying to be as bipartisan as possible , but it is impossible to make everyone happy at all times .
same reason howard stern rose to prominence .
please take a stand against racism and attend the women &apos;s march and not the inauguration .
logan bernie might won but he would been obstructed
as bad as trump is i think hillary clinton is just as vile .
hey frank , why don &apos;t you put a end to the free cell phones for welfare recipients .
thank you , mr. pascrell , for your courage and your words .
elizabeth warren is my hero !
thank you again earl .
possibly , amy , i do think he was born and raised under a bridge up north somewhere !
russia is one of the most racist counties in the planet , pure hatred breeds there amongst the ignorant and uneducated millions .. a bit like those who follow trump .
thank you for your well-reasoned and thoughtful approach .
we have lots of jobs out here in rural mn ( springfield ) but no one seems to want to live out here .
its easy to cry foul when tough cuts are made , cuts which hurt the most vulnerable citizens in our state .
your words are beautiful mr. booker .
shame on you cory booker siding with big pharma !
my thoughts would only echo those of @ john hannaway , kate whitecar , savark dicupe and others above .
absolutely senator kaine .
warren for potus
patty , instead of applauding a wa issue why don &apos;t you work on our national budget ?
they failed to respect obama and congressional democrats for 8 years .
thank you for your intelligent vote , kirsten .
2501. prescription drug rebates .
~ ruth wisse , retired harvard professor
please run in 2020 = )
we need some sanity from the states and i &apos;m a bit worried the fallout from this mess at the democratic party will produce a candidate that won &apos;t be able to beat trump next time around .
hey senator nice to ses you on fb missing you in newark nj .
schumer the deceiver https : / / youtu.be / -r-bxmq _ tgc
love you amy , thanks for all you do ! !
please be sure to represent the will of the people , rather than ignoring the democratic process and countering the popular vote .
senator brian , you did run a positive campaign and we are so proud that you will continue to be our senator !
here is what booker and his cohorts won &apos;t tell you : bannon the boogeyman after getting a masters degree in national security services form georgetown went in to serve in the navy .
&quot; i sincerely hope that president-elect trump will abandon the divisive rhetoric of the campaign in order to help unify our nation &quot; really ?
thank you , senator harris , for watching out for the middle class .
what about the still &apos; smoking gun &apos; regarding hillary clinton &apos;s top aide , @ huma abedin frequently handling classified information on her home computer that was shared by her sex offender husband , anthony weiner ? ?
please gather the 20 female senators to all co-sponsor and bring back the brady bill .
a real democracy would recognize that .
what are you doing to help us , mr. booker ?
merry cristmas to the stabenow family ! !
this is why you &lt; congressman donnelly , will always have my vote !
trucks vacuumed up the dust on the streets of new york .
thank you , senator , for informing the residents .
stop pitting men against women , poor against rich , black against white -- the politics of division are unethical and cowardly !
i &apos;m a ny resident with 2 children who attend / will attend public school ... thank you for your commitment !
you and the other democrats who voted against this should be ashamed of yourself .
president merkley - that sounds more and more attractive to me !
so glad and proud you represent minnesota ! ! ! !
thank heavens for lbj and those who were futuristic enough to realize the dire need for medicare .
marci ... call debbie stabenow &apos;s office .
women have always paid for men &apos;s special needs .
steve congressman pallone is not saying that , you and perhaps fox news would like to put words in his mouth ..... you also must keep in mind that chris christie sends his own children to private schools and could care less about the kids who go to public school .
resist trump .
it is not about making women die in combat ( as many of our ancestors like the celts ) but about having the freedom to choose .
3 ) assess the nra , shooting ranges , and the manufacturer of the weapons used the costs of police response , ambulance services , repair of the school building , and therapy costs for those in newtown affected by this tragedy .
boo to elizabeth warren .
mass wingnut warren involved in calif. omg .
rep mahoney love of country trumps fear of trump .
rep.ellison don &apos;t you have some women who needs stoned to death or some homosexual you need to execute ?
i saw trump &apos;s potential to win the election back in august of 2015. it wasn &apos;t because i am smart .
clearly the police officer was in a fight for his life against brown .
congratulations , tammy duckworth !
senator booker , with all due respect , your vote not to allow canadian drugs into this country is not the way to help americans who pay the highest prices in the world .
you say you are for women &apos;s rights .
elizabeth you are awesome but go cubs
yes , but also believe there are many loopholes that special interest groups and corporations can use to influence the government officials
hold yourself accountable support bernie
support bernie sanders &apos; tax proposal !
2020 is only 4 years away ... start organizing now friends !
i saw peaceful protestors with their hands in the air , and armed gunmen ( excuse me , police officers ) aiming their guns on them .
that small minded bigot will not be a leader for all americans .
american policy since 1981 has been designed to make the 1 % rich super rich , and make everyone else the disadvantaged .
trump is in favor of water boarding yeah torture .
sen. schumer , with much respect i submit this video which speaks to many of my concerns .
chuck , why wait until next year ?
not punishing those who need the help , but punishing the pharmaceutical corporations who sell with no compunction ?
i absolutely do not support wolf hunting and trapping in minnesota .
thank you for all you do amy
patty , as a veterran of korea , but with a non combat resume , i heartily endorse your efforts for veterans over the years , as well as in the current campaign .
you are reprehensible , earl , and i regret moving into your district , you surely don &apos;t represent me .
and what about the ripped off ppl from trump university ? ? ?
i prefer sanders - i can see him nominating clinton for the supreme court ( and she would arguably be a better justice than most of her own nominees ) - but regardless , the only real take away from last night was his remark about turnout .
they &apos;re still backing hillary just like larsen
this is the kind of talk that completely turns me away from the democratic party .
then obama said that the 80s had called and they wanted their foreign policy back and the dnc used romney &apos;s answer as evidence that he wasn &apos;t ready to be potus ?
don &apos;t go spending all that money big pharma gave you because you &apos;re going to need it once your career in politics is over .
jeremiah - wtf are you on a board that supports equal rights when you obviously dont ?
hey rick , use your representative voice / vote by voting what the people that you represent want !
no black scary guns and only 10 round magazines !
an intervention is both painful and necessary .
1. are you running for president in 2020 ?
me thinks debbie is a liar .
so tired of the name calling tantrums ignoring what the majority of the citizens are saying ... let &apos;s play nice schumer you democrats drove or country in a ditch maybe trump can pull us out .
i , for one , am very glad that senator schumer has spoken out publicly about the blatent disregard for our national security as shown by elements of the republican party .
your constituents have spoken , please represent their will accordingly with your super delegate vote and pledge it for bernie sanders .
senator warren - keep speaking the truth , eventually those who have been brainwashed by fox news will get the message .
yes , the use of chemical weapons is abhorrent , but the fear mongering about its acquisition and use against us , the great satan of the west , benefits only the 0.01 % , president eisenhower &apos;s &quot; military , industrial , congressional complexes .
to me ( because of how opposed we are all to this ) i tend to believe the fcc is working hand in hand with nsa ( and csec in canada ) and this being the reward for cooperative net companies .
thank you 😊 for your efforts to do the right thing 😘 👏 👌 👍
thank you , al &lt; 3
colleen - president obama campaigned on a set of policy positions , which separately and together represented major improvements over the dim-witted and short-sighted policies of the bush / cheney era .
if 21 police officers were injured it could not have been a peaceful demonstation .
the right to work problem in michigan is more topical for the people of michigan forget the fiscal cliff and talk about the disaster of that .
while i &apos;m all for helping the syrian people , please do so through a humanitarian effort and lets get the un to lead it .
thank you , mr. tester !
since dropping into the gap several months ago i have been averaging $ 500-700 a month in medication costs .
the jim crow south , lynching , the kkk , democrat .
not anymore the rightwing t-bagger bobby carlson moved the machines and factory to mexico in 2001. the mn factory had been profitable the mexico plant was not .
this is a low key endorsement for # berniesanders
and please don &apos;t say it was for safety reasons ... 99 % of those medications originate in the usa , and are then shipped to canada , so that excuse doesn &apos;t hold water .
to reuse an internet saying &quot; i love waking up and having sherrod brown be my senator in the morning . &quot;
gorsuch is against women making choices for their own healthcare / birth control and is therefore unfit to make decisions in women &apos;s cases .
thank you , much appreciated !
if you are in the ed markey group that believe the nra caused the shooting in florida , you must be the stupidest people that ever drew breath .
it &apos;s becoming obvious why you won &apos;t publicly support sanders .
and i was correct to assume that there would be incredibly hateful comments from both the right and the left .
thank you , tim kaine , for recognizing the hard work of women !
my personal statement about cory booker : i feel the need to make this statement now so that i can justify myself in the future as an opponent of the corrupt democratic party .
i am deeply concerned about the judicial record of supreme court nominee neil gorsuch -- and fear that his appointment could have grave consequences for women &apos;s reproductive healthcare .
cory booker shut-up you wall street corporate snake democrat !
3. large penalties to corporations who move jobs and manufacturing to other counties .
ms. shaheen , i have always held congress in high esteem , but make no mistake , you work for the people , and none of you are doing your job right now .
we lost this because you all let false &quot; news &quot; scare you away from the best damn president we &apos;ve ever had .
elizabeth warren for senator ! !
you clearly aren &apos;t concerned about safety .
thank you very much senator !
i am infuriated by the right wingers in this nation who profess to be against big government , yet insist they somehow possess the right to make everyone &apos;s decisions for them .
and we take it as an insult you all expect us to believe cory booker &apos;s bullshit excuse about not enough fda oversight when canada has tougher regulations than us !
found it interesting that the riots in portland on november 10 occurred 78 years to the day of kristallnacht in germany against the jews .
but extreme vetting for muslim immigrants is racist , un-american , and extremist ? ?
god damn girl
thank you for asking for input senator tester .
just go away and make room for the bernie progressives to get to work and win in four years .
how will you address and make amends for your vote to protect big pharma ?
to further equal pay for women .
i remember meeting her once when i was in college .
difficult as any rational legislation may be to pass , can we agree that it &apos;s time to send the electoral college into the dustbin of history ?
happy canada day !
ron murray sr. a government should be of sufficient size to serve those who own it , we the people .
senator warren i wish you were running for president .
listen to your voters and label gmos now ! ! !
washington voted for bernie .
i &apos;m glad an assault gun ban will keep guns outta the hands of bad guys who obey gun laws .
thanks for visiting my home town , congressman pallone .
thank you al franken ! !
maybe we should get rid of all the old dead wood elizabeth warren who have been around too long .
i cannot congratulate someone who won on a platform of hate and suppression of the values we cherish .
dear senator warren , bernie sander &apos;s policy positions are the closest to your own .
we either step toward equality or we don &apos;t ... we can &apos;t ask people to wait for their civil rights ... well said ... thanks again for being on the forefront of this issue that is so important to california families ... proud to have the ag of my state there !
you voted no because big pharma lines your pockets .
no matter what happens .. write bernie in ! ! !
shanah tovah kamala
jim dicken : there a lots and lots of places to rage against corporate irresponsibility if you want to talk about misappropriated moneys , but don &apos;t do it from the lives of unemployed people .
so what you are saying is ... blue lives matter .
if , god forbid , bernie is not our candidate , he must consider running as an independent .
to protect democracy from the ravages of corporate money and wealthy donors
what is really scary is not so much ttump himself but his .
take your false compassion and shove it , you opportunistic old witch .
if you really believed in what you said , you would &apos;ve endorsed bernie .
and thank you for your service rick !
i love elizabeth warren , she is an inspiring women .
you super delegates and leaders of the democratic party need to look in the mirror and admit your share in this debacle
please outlaw guns
return every dollar that big pharma bankrolled your campaign with .
trump may be just as bad .
resist all his nominees , block all his legislation , impeach ! ! !
please continue to fight against trumps agenda .
it is not patty murray &apos;s fault , but in my opinion , the democrats are compromising too much with the right wing !
check your tweet 19 nov 2015 1 : 26 pm .
now is the time to intervene on bernie &apos;s quest , senator warren .
liz you are what &apos;s wrong with our government !
beautifully said , tammy !
wish i was back in wa to rally behind you !
hard to take your comments on injustice and greed seriously , mr. booker .
go kirsten gillibrand , i &apos;m behind you 100 % !
you better vote blue !
she also proved that she cannot resist the urge to stoop down and argue with a fourth grader .
thank you congressman doggett for all your hard work !
# dnc # demexit
get them amy , thank you for your support on this matter
thank you for your continued support and service to our state and tribes !
speaking of stem , please consider visiting the works in bloomington , mn .
this was a hate crime , not an act of international terrorism .
why do democrats get so mad ?
i am deeply disturbed by the presidents claims of undocumented people voting , and we will need a ag without conflicts of interest who will protect the constitution and voting rights to ensure a fair and free 2018 and 2020 election .
please , senator schumer , do not let the evidence that russia interfered in our election get swept under the rug !
we need more sherrod brown &apos;s .
oregon made labor day a public holiday years before is was recognized as a national holiday .
minnesotans are so proud to have you as our senator .
we are with you guys , we will not compromise # stillsanders # bernieorbust # phillythebern
kamala so appreciate what you are doing , we are going to get you elected as ca state attorney general !
this issue affects everyone .currently the drug companies are being allowed to gouge us .
the people of washington overwhelmingly supported bernie sanders .
stand strong against backsliding , earl .
its not the guns its the mentally ill. the guns are ill gotten not boughten .
yeah , but since sanders was the one who polls proved could beat trump and you &apos;re shilling for clinton , well ... i once really admired you , but i &apos;m sure you understand why i question everything you do and say now .
trump was found guilty in a court of law - sometime between 1979 and 1980 , trump hired a contractor to demolish an old building in midtown manhattan to make way for trump tower .
... 5 locations in the san francisco bay area .
the only thing that will lower oil / gas prices is to get rid of the idiots like schumer and obummer .
incidents of violence such as this can lead to emotional distress such as overwhelming anxiety , anger , confusion and fear ( including in children and teens ) .
previous comment about guns is not worthy of the post .
you hate bush ... i get it ; but dont think pallone or obama are any better .
hilary is worse
thank you for your great work , amy klobuchar !
i &apos;ve been your supporter for all these years , and i didn &apos;t expect you to accuse the president of disrespecting senator warren .
bernie &apos;s our only hope !
thank you senator gillibrand to do some justice for those neglected from capitol hill
if hobby lobby disliked children and said all female employees have to abort , liberals would be up in arms about how a woman &apos;s body is not her boss &apos; business .
thank you for your hard work thus far .
the support for my assertion appears in the claims made in the article ( presumably ) posted by the cowardly kid on his hate pallone site .
thanks for standing up to the fascist wackjobs !
i am a very strong bernie supporter and would hate to vote against him if the majority of the caucus went to hillary .
i &apos;m coming in for my freebie , thank you for working for free .
much love to you , betty !
thank you , senator blumenthal , for your hard work and standing by your principles of defending the oppressed and disenfranchised .
and ... so good to have amy representing minnesota and the nation .
------- i have to tell you mr. wyden , that i have been concerned about this project , ever since i learned , what frakking involves ! !
yes , brad .. thank you ... the voters voice wll be heard loud and clear .. you really have to wonder about anyone who would be against safe gun measures
republicans and democrats are in fear of this maverick candidate .
thank-you , senator klobuchar !
that is so nice to hear , rick .
importation of pharmaceuticals from canada are most likely those also sold in the us .
if patty murray votes against your interest on an actual bill , that &apos;s when it matters .
so , you have now shouted to the world you are in big pharma &apos;s pocket .
we admire your passion and comittment and cannot thank you enough .
there is great concern , however , in the revolving door between big pharma and the fda , as well as the undue influence of big money donations from the pharmaceutical industry to politicians such as yourself who turn around and sell out their constituents in favor of their donors .
let &apos;s work together to put away with domestic violence against women children in mn , please ! !
wow ... notice how all the trump supporters are a bunch of haters according to there comments !
kirsten gillibrand , heartbroken ? ? ? ?
if drug companies weren &apos;t so greedy and trying to make millions and billions of dollars we may have affordable healthcare as far as drugs are concerned .
i was hoping ( in vain ) during the 41-day occupation that the prosecution was collecting evidence and building an air-tight case .
way to go beto
i hope you and your family are having a wonderful mlk day ! !
i voted for trump but i like al franken .
this legislation is so important and gives families so much hope !
thank you for representing me by not attending the inauguration of that abomination !
think of the warren buford tenants .
thank you from every senior i know ! ! !
i wrote my college paper on gun statistics and it actually only makes up for 0.5 % of all united states accidents per year .
or , , at the hands of one woman &apos;s narcissism and divisiveness ? ? ? ?
doesn &apos;t matter what side of the isle you &apos;re on ... you go to the inauguration and serve the state you were elected in .
from sen. brown &apos;s email &quot; and medicare was so much more than a public health bill — it was also a civil rights bill .
amy do something to change washington .
bernie does not offer up garbage .
and why would anyone listen to patty murray for christ &apos;s sake ?
trump is a crazy racist !
to what appeared to be peaceful protest .
pass meaninful legislation to protect citizens from gun violence .
and patty has gone right along with it .
not to mention 15 people approved by our last three presidents on the board of the fda are from monsanto .
thank you for not supporting the keystone and dakota access pipelines .
his honesty , open mindedness , respect for all cultures and genders , and his progressive nature is unparalleled .
thank you , senator gillibrand , for your service to our state .
brad sherman is a vile disgusting political hack .
oppose him please , senator schumer .
i hope like hell your decision was not a similar decision the clinton campaign made on the monsanto bill .
rip , leonard .
in a recent cbs poll bernie sanders was shown the beat trump by a higher margin than hillary clinton so maybe it is the democrats who need to wake up and nominate the right candidate .
whoop whoop handle it elizabeth ! ! !
however , senator al franken deserves another term !
i &apos;m doing all i can to get trump and his pack of rats out .
f you truly are concerned about the middle class you would of backed bernie and not the corporate sellout .
go because the peaceful transfer of power is one of our most enduring and powerful legacies , and for that reason alone , it is worthy of your presence .
has anybody else noticed trump supporters invariably have the worst grammar in the thread ?
no ..... thank you kirsten !
thank you for all you do for minnesota !
thank you senator warren for everything you are doing for the majority of americans .
it is also multiple sclerosis awareness month ... a good month for good causes to help the less fortunate : - )
the nra has a fine program for familiarizing you with your weapon .
they use the birth control issue to cloud over their real issues concerning favoritism of big money .
did trump try to cover up and silence the multiple women his spouse sexually assaulted ?
thank you , michael , for all that you have done .
thank you al for all your support !
senator gillibrand , i am a new yorker by birth , but now live in nj .
mahalo for this .
hey frank , please pass a bill to deport all illegals .
in fact , all democratic officials should take this opportunity to show this as and example of why medicare for all is the best and most fair way to go , imho .
really responsible there debbie !
you are a waste of space in the senate and hopefully , the people of ny will wake up and run your sorry ass off ! ! !
i like your attitude , liz , but trump isn &apos;t out to help anyone .
part of the reason i don &apos;t want pallone back to many times i have heard him tell us is is on are side .
such a sad loss rip jim
i respect you for this - &quot; i am attending this inauguration not in celebration of a man that i do not respect , but rather to bear witness to our democratic institutions as a member of congress . &quot;
i wish e warren was running for president .
yes elizabeth now it &apos;s your turn
and mn has the highest deductibles in the nation .
i spend my days in constant grinding wearing pain until i finally give in and take the medications prescribed because i just cannot cope any more and now they are even talking about taking away the small amount of medications i do take .
he &apos;s going to run out of ink .ru going to run 2020
and for taking his sweet time to admitting that grabbing a woman &apos;s genitals without permission is assault .
do trump supporters believe that all of the news reports of donald trump being involved with russia and vladimir puttin are coinsidental ? ? ?
the fact that glennon doyle melton and cory booker both posted these words today tell me it &apos;s time for some serious interrupting of injustice !
the fda states &quot; not to be used in horses intended for human consumption &quot; .
&quot; continue to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle &quot; when the hell was the last time you worked with a republican ... you democrats are like little kids , play your game or go home crying , saying the big bullies are not playing fair .
your wrong .... where is the responsibility of the women or her partner ?
instead she did marry and endured a difficult marriage ( if not abusive ) to give life .
we cannot ignore or normalize hate and abuse .
does this appointment require senate approval , or is this one of the ones trump can do on his own ?
glad your in there speaking on working families behalf mrs. watren .
explain to us why you &quot; gave bernie sanders the greenlight &quot; to reform the democratic party .
it takes one to know one , elizabeth warren act like she knows a lot , b honest she can &apos;t b that clean and pure
they won &apos;t get re-elected with out dnc purse strings so it &apos;ll be anything she wants .
let &apos;s work together to keep bannon out of the white house # banbannon an action alert to circulate on the steve bannon appointment -- please note that you &apos;ll need to copy and repost this in order to share , because of my privacy settings : friends , let &apos;s seek a tactical victory this week .
this morning &apos;s events were tragic but so were the others killed overnight in drive-bys , bad drug deals , mad because you looked sat my girl retaliation , etc .
way to go amy ... !
years ago there were community mental health centers and additional avenues loved ones could travel down to seek assistance for those in their family that needed mental health services ... thank you , debbie for endorsing an excellence in mental health act ! !
really amy klobuchar you voted for this quack ? ? ? ? ?
debbie , switch parties and i will vote for you again !
oh look , it &apos;s the one who was sitting directly behind bernie while he was speaking on the floor .
i honestly don &apos;t know who you are trying to keep happy rick , or why , by doing everything you can to encourage oil and coal development on our rail infrastructure and on our coasts .
thank you for all of your work on this !
amy it would be great if you would step up and break that glass ceiling , you would be a great president , we always have admired you .
thank you senator schumer for saying what many people are afraid to say .
thank you jeff , so glad and blessed to live here oregon to have such progressive leaders like yourself and kate ! !
what a great followup to putting wa state on the map as being progressive !
i hear you al franken .. hr
then there was the veratas undercover video of the people working for the dnc that said how they set up the election , by moving people here and there .
wasn &apos;t she and the president against gay marriage in 2008 ?
senator - in the dead of night you voted against negotiating drug prices .
stand up to big pharma instead of being their paid lackey .
arizona is hardly such a red state - five of our four representatives are democrats - but it is such a broke state .
criminals that use guns for violence should get a heavier sentence and can &apos;t get out on good behavior .
ms duckworth , i just watched your speech to the dnc and thought you were terrific ! --you didn &apos;t miss a beat .
i was so inspired by the speeches mario cuomo gave .
buyers beware of counterfeit drugs sas these countries don &apos;t have near the regulatory expenses seen in us .
we &apos;re surrounding you with layers and layers of good wishes and protection from disheartening encounters with the corruption and frustration of being an honest woman working in that toxic environment .
hey tulsi , what you up to in 2020 ?
then maybe they &apos;d fight to get shit done and not to keep their jobs .
i &apos;d follow your lead if we progressives lost the day in philly and feel like the bern or bust mentality which clearly you and i both fear would be easier to reverse if you had stood with them now .
you are a hypocrite funded by pharma and we who have to pay $ 600 for epinephrine know that that money is in you pocket .
you want the police to be peaceful and patient to a bunch of thugs committing felonies and spewing violence .
amen ms warren well said .
thank you , cory booker , but today i curl up .
so happy to have you as my representative .
how bannon gets a clearance to be in the white houston after having a jail record of domestic violence
thanks or working so hard for all of us in oregon and the rest of the country as well .
so the recount fails and now this bullshit .
the parker family health clinic in red bank provides free medical and dental care ( &gt; 12,000 visits / year ) .
when will elizabeth warren just shut up ?
thank you for your work protecting women !
historically , the poor have always been thrown under the bus by many democrats in virginia .
@ patty - you go girl !
i &apos;m so proud to have you as my senator .
the need for greater access to mental health care is definitely an issue that needs to be addressed .... now !
warren will lose
keith , you have pig &apos;s feet .
again , jackie speier for president 2016 ! ! ! ! !
it &apos;s not a gun problem , it &apos;s a mental health problem ...
sanders is the man putting up a fight and you are no where to be found .
my fellow citizens and i will do what we can on the ground , but we need you to keep fighting for us , especially during the darkest days ahead .
the democratic bill is not a reform and supports mental illness lite instead of helping people who are really sick .
interesting earlier post about violence against men .
thank god for the democratic senate .
patty has a record of success .
so fitting that hillary is the one .
&quot; there &apos;s more enthusiasm for him among leaders of the kkk than leaders of the political party he now controls . &quot;
if the philippines can have single payer health care then so can we .
however , jill stein of the green party is another matter .
good on you , congresswoman pingree .
i would have preferred if a woman with integrity would have made history , like elizabeth warren for example .
still feeling the bern ...
i really hope for your sake mr booker that you are investing your bribe money well .
get onboard with bernie sanders !
you do minnesota proud !
we love that you stand up for voting rights , women &apos;s rights , lgbtq and look forward to correcting the extremists coming in and hopefully getting them out of office !
america neglects its mentally ill. forrest had nothing to do with that .
the electoral vote should be removed it is ridiculous
why all this last minute shit .
aloha senator daniel inouye
thank you mr markey
in this election year , we ask that you defer to your official and constitutional description of electoral college member , to insure that only a qualified citizen , understanding of the constitution and its representation , becomes the next president of the united states of america .
is very glad patty murray is there in dc to keep the ball going in the basket as often as possible !
those are mean words heap big buffalo !
i know you will be the new senator from massachusetts soon .
thank the dnc and your none support of bernie sanders .
jeanne you are against your own president so what you think on mnuchins is irrelevant coming from a opposer demon democrat
trump needs to lose the election , but bernie sanders needs to win it .
thank you senator kaine for everything you tried to achieve .
and you believe that lie , frank ?
in fact , the left is responsible for inciting more violence than anything .
it &apos;s been a pleasure getting to know you over the past few months , you and hillary made a great team !
i urge you to continue to push back against all efforts to discriminate against muslims and immigrants .
i wish you had a clone in wisconsin .
sen. patty murray was close behind with $ 254,649 , while robert casey received $ 250,730 and michael bennet netted $ 222,000 . &quot;
thanks , as always , for explaining your vote .
yes they do keep cutting elizabeth off !
meanwhile 3 gangs are openly threatening the chicago police with violence .
hobby lobby has rights here too , and they are not demanding you work for them , shop at their store or even infringing on your rights .
support the movement to abolish electoral college .
40. expanded hate crimes protections : signed hate crimes prevention act ( 2009 ) , which expands existing hate crime protections to include crimes based on a victim &apos;s sexual orientation , gender , or disability , in addition to race , color , religion , or national origin .
it &apos;s also got to go in its current form -- yet , again , i see no efforts from the democratic party to reform it .
love you ( y )
preach elizabeth warren , preach .
i blame the dnc for their inability to keep the country on a progressive trajectory .
good job tammy ! ! ! !
i like my drinking water petro chemical free , thank you very much !
you &apos;ll probably shake more nuts from the tree , but your voice is important .
right on , congresswoman !
mrs. stabenow please help this solider ! ! !
cory booker- 2020 !
time for direct action against the nra and firearms makers ! !
why didn &apos;t you stand with bernie ?
i am glad that reasonable people such as yourself are there representing the middle class .
parker blew it .. kyrsten got my vote !
2018 will help .
more than gun control , keep avenues for mental health services open .
i am sickened beyond words to think that a legislator of your potential would succumb to the $ 267,338 in big pharma donations you have received .
so sorry for the passing of ur pop cheri may he rest in peace
i joined one million pissed off women - and i vote .
please fight for all of us .
there are actual concrete evidence that the pipeline will do more harm than good .
that being said , i hope you will put your support behind people like bernie sanders to help guide the party in the right direction for 2020 .
get &apos; em , amy !
we need to shout out love and tolerance in voices that will drown out the hate !
apparently bannon was aka trump on the ballot .
isn &apos;t making college education more affordable a better option ?
i stand with the people in boston protesting against this tonight !
you are a woman i would be proud to vote for ! !
btw , congresswoman speier , i would encourage you , and other women in congress , to take rush limbaugh up on his offer to buy georgetown university students &quot; as much aspirin as they want &quot; for birth control .
where were those tears when so many americas were killed by those barbaric &apos;s you are so &quot; emotional &quot; over ..... lying sack of crap u are !
congressman nadler and congresswoman velasquez are there .
tim kaine ( va . ) sen. patrick leahy ( vt . ) sen. bernie sanders ( i-vt . ) sen. brian schatz ( hawaii ) house – 26 membersrep .
rick camacho : you sound like a discriminating bigot .
i believe sen. murray still supports the first amendment &apos;s protections of religious freedom , which is just one small reason why i support her reelection .
where are your tears for this man ?
i hope trump offers bipartisanship , and i hope you will work with him to make that a reality whenever possible .
cory booker thank you for responding in such comprehensive way .
answer : thanks for your question , brian !
as a gay person who was kicked out of the military for being gay , i know all too well the hatred in this country .
senator debbie stabenow : http : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = wnemztlqtq8 20 ) .
any man thats afraid of gay marriage is just one &quot; wide stance &quot; away from making news in the minneapolis airport bathrooms ... lmao
maxine here is your sign &quot; stupid &quot;
i like the peaceful march .
thank you for always keeping our best interests close to your heart and in your mind .
it &apos;s pretty obvious amy is running for the admiral &apos;s house .
thank you for your dedication to the issue of gun control !
thank god for you amy : )
@ kevin - make a campaign contribution and he &apos;ll fight for you guys .
why have you not stated that you plan to boycott this upcoming inauguration of the big cheeto ?
thank you for your principled response to this extraordinary and deeply disheartening situation .
a wonderful movie .
happy new year elizabeth and all your family too !
thank you from everyone who still lives by their morals !
you &apos;re wrong , mr. ellison , and you know it , and you are engaged in fear-mongering yourself to suggest that that anyone &apos;s freedom of religion is at risk here .
sopa and pipa are not the right course of action .
i look forward to an amazing congressional career .
mean spirited is not minnesota nice .
if you could not be there to support america and the peaceful transition of power you don &apos;t deserve to be in office .
more people are killed by cars than guns every year , but i don &apos;t see you pushing to make vehicles illegal .
hey al , we didn &apos;t , and won &apos;t , forget .
the dissinformation and outright lies as well as underhandedness that defines the democratic party isn &apos;t the russians doing !
rex tillerson will be our next secretary of state replaceing that completely useless lying bag of shit kerry .
cory booker reads shane claiborne ?
it was clear who the majority of the people who vote dem wanted - sanders .
glad to hear a much more respectful and reasonable tone from the bernie supporters on your page .
thanks kyrsten .
it &apos;s a women &apos;s issue in that women are the victims here .
does that mean that walsh lost ... are is she going to run against him in nov .
let &apos;s let the laws help all of us stop the cycle of violence that harms everybody .
and all the while hate crimes are increasing , and the transition team is lining up a rogues &apos; gallery of those who have led the charge in hurting others .
when in history , have you seen a democrat opponent like bernie sanders , who lost in the primary election , suddenly &quot; switch gears &quot; and suddenly start going out on the campaign trail to support the opponent , unless something corrupt and criminal was going on !
thank you , congressman hastings for your participation and friendship .
so that &apos;s what you &apos;re calling organized crime these days , &quot; grassroots movement &quot; ... i thought peloser referred to it as &apos; astro-turf &apos; .
that means , in essence , that you may or may not be assisting sherry jackson .
thank you tammy for your past and continued service to our country !
please stop by and say hello amy !
i heard one of the commentators speaking about the current shootings and better gun control was brought up and he said that after 30 + years in law enforcement , he never arrested a criminal that was using a legally obtained gun .
stay strong ; you &apos;re doing the right thing , chellie .
thank you for ready my letter any suggestions would be greatly appreciated .
you will have my vote in 2020 for president .
and you are a super leader ! ! ! ! !
typical democratic bs , i feel about you booker the way you feel about trump &#91; &#91; sticker &#93; &#93;
your leadership and compassion are a model for all of us .
our son , cole , came into the world on yours and spc robert stryker &apos;s birthday senator !
thank you chris van hollen !
thank you congressman beto o &apos;rourke hopefully we wont have to go through this again in jan
trump &apos;s fascist tendencies are becoming so clear .
liz be quiet .
i don &apos;t hate anybody , but i have never felt so strongly about what a disaster trump is .
now please get to work on climate change and other important issues .
i &apos;ve told everyone there is one to-do list for us : 1. grieve for a time 2. fight back thank you , senator .
dutch , you were great !
schumer , you suck so bad !
okay , so salvatore , you don &apos;t have a source for your claim about 2020 ?
girl scouts truly epitomize the positive aspects of humanity .
# notmypresident # impeachtrumpday1
the person you claim to be would be 100 % behind bernie yet you did nothing to aid him in fighting for all those things you listed as important to fight for .
mrs. debbie wasserman schultz you had better hope that your efforts to prevent bernie sanders from voicing his message succeed .
where are your emotions and tears over the people killed by muslim extremists .
these weapons should be banned from our society .
prayers for the family and citizens of minnesota .
but pretty much anyone who knows anything about hillary is hoping she has a heart attack .
russian propagandist mass media have already expanded this piece of news .
vote no on fast track for the tpp !
now trump is trying to reward him by making him the head of our criminal justice system !
they &apos;re all crooks and actors trumps elitest , born with a silver spoon ass included .
thank you so much , beto .
can he convince blecher and his hate monger clowns ?
maybe snl will take you back if mn doesn &apos;t .
debbie , get the democrats out there selling this bill to the american people .
thank you elizabeth warren for once again being the voice of reason !
the inauguration is an american celebration and your hatred for our country &apos;s president will not be tolerated ... the p.c.
for so long it was up and down.started looking bad when scott brown won .
she can get a car loan for much less but not a loan for books and tuition .
an armed populace insure the citizenry , an unarmed populace are mere subjects .
does your brother-outlaw really think patty can oppose hunting in our state ?
your pharmaceutical bosses are calling .
mr. cleaver .
scary world we live in
what about mental health issues ? ! ?
this is radically important that supreme court justices be appointed by a democratic president ( though i do wish bernie or jill stein would be doing that ) .
the president of nestle is on record as believing all water should be privatized .
mr. hastings you are so out of touch with reality it amazes me that you even got elected ....
ron , thanks for your efforts but you have to work harder to convince some of your colleague congressmen to not support such crap .
seems it &apos;s the new democrat way to be a bigot , racist , violent , hypocrite and anti- american .
please , senator booker , make sure bannon gets removed from his current position .
as always , senator warren , well said .
haven &apos;t we had enough of being charlie brown , and letting lucy take the football from us ?
chuck you are baiting again .
thank you congresswoman suzan delbene- please keep fighting for us ! !
grateful for your efforts senator !
amazing how many right wing trolls follow elizabeth warren to post hate speech .
you and annie oakley can take some more nra money
well i am proud of being behind you all the way chuck congrats on the win
i on the other hand 95060 applaud and support your position congresswoman anna eshoo .
she &apos;s working to fix what she can.patty has always been on task for washington &apos;s needs .
could that have been the reason you chose to help kill the sanders bill ?
and thank you elizabeth warren for being awesome !
thank you senator shaheen - you led the way !
spot on kirsten !
that &apos;s a factual claim , colleen .
while as a senior i greatly appreciate your continued support of medicare and ss , i think it was a shameful call on the canadian drug bill .
i have spent many enjoyable hours on the waters of indiana , illinois , and wisconsin .
take bribes from pharma $ 166,000 worth so let &apos;s try to distract people and fake news an issue .... this is your last term
you must really want a trump presidency .
not spending us into ablivion like frank pallone and all his socialistic spending and creating an american dependance on the government and not in the indevidual efforts of the people to become the best they can be .
eid mubarak , keith
trump may not be perfect but he &apos;s vastly superior to that sad sack of poo , hillary clinton .
elizabeth warren keep calling trump the coward , that he is , his thin skin breaks !
happy birthday , gov !
iss wants this exact reaction .
she may have been the only democratic candidate that could lose to trump , and the democrats wanted to coronate her from the beginning .
the spirit of service is so important to a democracy
peace yours , brian p. zingsheim nam 68
no , the last election the republican won popular vote and lost by electoral vote .
hope you burn in hell schumer !
please talk about immigration reform dear senator !
if any of you think that elizabeth warren cares about you any more than any other politician or candidate you are delusional
we &lt; 3 you and are so thankful your fighting the good fight !
he is the male counterpart of you , mr.s warren .
let &apos;s improve mental health care and reduce the stigma surrounding mental illness !
i was so worried he would just incite violence with his scheduled broadcast from murrieta .
but , we the citizens will stand with you and elected officials and stop the inauguration .
hi , i have a thought to rise and level up for computer , job language , culture and of course basic skills the new refugee that came to usa .
well liz you have no one else to blame but yourselves .
to those commenting saying we need more gun control in new jersey : nj already has restrictive gun laws that rank among the top three tightest regulations on firearms in the nation , yet we have two cities that have appeared on the fbi &apos;s most violent list two years running .
i know the best solution for change is to send ron wyden back home to oregon for good .
good news amy .
and china is dumping steel again , causing facility shutdowns and layoffs !
if you vote hillary instead of bernie , you are handing the presidency and scotus appointments to a rep candidate .
al frankenstein is a fake .
happy new year to you and the family !
happy bday senator warren and may there be many more !
# elizabethwarren - please endorse sen. sanders .
amen al !
garamendi did much toward the gun issue , but nothing about the &quot; homicidal maniac . &quot; .
thanks for supporting managment al
sen. warner of va sent me a form letter talking about redenomination of the dinar which would have no value .
i like the earlier comment on student loans .
he works in the medical device industry .
elizabeth warren is using defamatory and untrue rhetoric .
bernie sanders 2016 he is the one !
i stand by you amy i like this bill
i generally agree with you most of the time but i &apos;m really upset with you and the democratic party in general over the &quot; super delegate &quot; thing and election rigging .
thank you senator , and we are proud of what you do !
- good news - good day to you senator , once again this is your pro-american advocate here in the philippines .
happy thanksgiving to you all , cheri !
so ms warren , what did you do when obama destroyed america ? ... nothing !
it seems to be possible to buy a lot of face book presence for 300k since now all of a sudden cory is in my feed every day .
congrats - again - on making a positive difference for all of us !
do what you can otherwise , congresswoman .
please keep working for us earl !
clinton and urge sen. sanders to unite the democratic party .
kyrsten , you rock ! !
this was years before any one really understood domestic violence .
happy thanksgiving to you , al .
thank you for not allowing chuck to put words in your mouth .
i know you agree , senator brown .
i &apos;m here to work , liz .
bluer than blue !
here &apos;s hoping mn
does the hiring freeze prevent cabinet appointees from being hired ?
or hey , trump could invite al sharpton in as the nation &apos;s community organizer !
never heard of elizabeth warren and thank god she will never be president or this country will be a third world country
well duh , you should .... we &apos;ve all paid in to it and &apos; our &apos; money should have never been used for other things ..... just your job joe , gettin &apos; paid plenty to do it too .
trump and clinton will be another major mistake for america if either of them gets elected sanders is the better man for the job
we need to be very scared and pray so deeply that they don &apos;t undo much progress in democracy and harm people and this country .
blue sample ballots are better that yard signs , handouts , fliers or tv ads , because the voter has the list of democratic candidates in a format just like the real ballot in front of them when they vote .
2. this is not a ban on a religious group but rather a ban on a threat .
thank you for speaking out stephanie !
state of washington and oregon have water , instead of an oil pipeline how about a water pipeline .
elizabeth warren doesn &apos;t mention any qualifications or character qualities of the candidate she supports .
warren , you are a failure for not speaking truth !
sen coons is my guy
anybody better than hillary and the bern !
you senator didn &apos;t shed one tear when americans were killed over there by isis , but trump does the executive order and your tears flow for non americans .
the really big &quot; oversight &quot; in this whole bailout issue is that freddie and fannie are essentially exempted .
from your mouth to trump &apos;s ears .
frank , this will give you and other non representatives an excuse to stay in hiding from the people .
speak for all of us senator booker , thank you ! ! !
liz warren is a nut job , but i admire her efforts
thank you for your continued service in congress .
so , are you saying that a police office fired upon and killed an unarmed black youth and he is being investergated by police .
35w bridge , minneapolis http : / / twincitiesphotography.info / 2011 / 06 / 24 / 35w-bridge-gay-pride-lighting /
no sir , the randomly selected faceless electors of the very antiquated electoral college elected him .
happy 4th al &amp; family !
no surprise seeing a bunch of bernie supporters here , stupid people tend to cling together .
sorry we missed you on saturday , amy .
i luv ya amy but sadly its all bout pac $ $ $ these days $ rich individuals mostly .
we would say that the dnc and the clintons took labor and minorities for granted and sold out to try to win &quot; moderates &quot; in the top 10 % .
hate hate .
elizabeth warren you are a hack !
..... seriously , my local police and firefighters deserve a bill like this .
from the center for media and democracy ( link below ) action alert !
the kkk endorses hillary clinton , they said so .
if you want most of bernie &apos;s platform passed into law , vote blue .
awesome for mn , you and punch pizza , thanks for looking out for us amy !
thank you for working with these women towards a compromise .
thank you , kristen gillibrand .
however , i do not expect any help for middle class working families .
as an immigrant daughter of italian parents , grandparents uncles and aunts , i am applaud that you are putting our safetty in jeopardy .one of my grandparents came her because of musolini .. is the democrats attempting to take down our democracy by an influx of muslims ?
we look forward to your announcement that you will be boycotting the inauguration congressman neal .
even the 1 % needs the labor and effort and intellectual capital of we the 99 % ... and i guarantee you even the haters on this thread are among that 99 % ; they &apos;ve just been fooled into fighting the 1 % &apos; s publicity battles .
what amy said .
stop elizabeth , you are buying into this evil man &apos;s con .
that &apos;s just it , amy .
how about hillary clinton ?
first , how much did pharmaceutical companies &quot; donate &quot; towards getting you to vote yes ?
i recommend bernie &apos;s side .
please boycott the inauguration with congressman lewis .
what surprises me is that the canadians are pushing to do this .
well said sen. warren
it is the state , in fact , that regularly threatens violence , and the federal government has a long history of threatening violence against others to make a point , whether it was against native american groups or other countries .
please , for the love of all that &apos;s good i hope you do run for president in 2020 .
how have you encouraged communities in missouri to implement the evidence based , bi-partisan task force recommendations for 21st century policing ? ?
as he pointed out on morning joe , he &apos;s still paying into social security right now . &quot;
thanks for all your hard work .
i somehow get the feeling that all sen. warren wants is to perpetuate the myth that the whole battle being fought here is republican versus democrat when in fact it is establishment versus the rest of us .
i will continue to call your office for progress and i truly appreciate your service and the hard work of your staffers .
i &apos;m gonna need you , elizabeth warren , to run for president with senator corey booker as veep .
don &apos;t lose that fire elizabeth warren ! !
mr. booker , you have been an inspiring leader and imho , have usually been on the &quot; right side of history &quot; .
congratulations and thank you for fighting for us !
we are lucky in the state of minnesota to have a senator of your caliber working for all of us .
and yet you vote to protect the profits of the pharmaceutical industry over the financial best interests of all americans .
he &apos;s done so much for the people of michigan &amp; we thank him for that .
she was loved and respected .
thank you , and please keep working for us .
chuck schumer you are an insane weeping moron .
hillary clinton has won over 57 % of the vote in this primary season , while sanders has won less than 43 % .
gillibrand for president ! !
this is coming from a woman who lied about being a minority so she could get preference in her job ?
democracy depends on an educated electorate which begins in the public schools .
elizabeth warren , bernie sanders , dennis kucinich , ralph nader .. etc are all doing very well for a reason .
thank goodness frank had time to light the lamp .
trump 29 , a gambling casino next to palm springs , ca .
that will use comparisons and unproven points to belittle someone simply because they believe that their opinion is more important than anyone else ... just in case you haven &apos;t figured this out by now , elizabeth warren , i &apos;m not talking about trump .
luv elizabeth warren
mahalo nui , tammy .
... not to forget that you , your family and good &amp; true friends are also residents / voters / citizens of mn and the usa !
trump does not support hate .
say goodbye to 2020. but at least you know those pharma checks won &apos;t bounce .
i am so grateful to be represented by you !
they call for killing of cops and white men .
or rather go woman !
please honor their memories by fighting trump every step of the way .
the democrats need to hammer home one theme : small business create the lion &apos;s share of all jobs .
rhetoric ... i &apos;m finding it very hard to be a jan fan these days .
will you be with us at the women &apos;s march on january 21 ?
nominate bernie or its a trump presidency for sure # dropouthillary
for you elizabeth warren 🖕
mr. lewis ... you sir instigated this entire scenario .... if you can dish it out ... you better be able to take it .
please senator , represent us your michigan constituency and protect our jobs !
obama &apos;s inauguration in 2008. respect is earned .
nj has a large democratic population- do you assume they don &apos;t know how to run a business ?
your vote on tpp has already cost jobs in our country .
i would love to see senator wyden introduce legislation that ties federal grants and funding to cost-efficiency measures , such as the number of vice presidents and their salaries .
amy , you must be the most dedicated , hardest working senator in congress , and your heart is always in the right place !
keep up the excellent resistance .
sorry , not buying it , all major drug manufacturers have plants in canada and mexico , the quality is the same and the cost is up to 400 % less .
thank you for your dedication to the women of the us and here in ohio .
this was in 2009. one month after he left rehab and was trying to learn to manage his pain without medication his two sons ( ages 15 and 12 ) were killed in a plane crash with my uncle ( casey &apos;s stepfather ) , four months later casey killed himself .
please listen to the voice of your constituents , and vote for mr. sanders .
i have prayed on this for months my heart tells me to vote hillary .
someone is playing a big practical joke when intelligent , balanced amy and mentally challenged michelle backmann are both from minnesota .
love you debbie but still waiting to hear what you are doing to stop ttp
amy , you should be hillary &apos;s vice presidental running mate in 2016 !
from my family to yours , have a safe and happy fourth of july . &quot;
trump needs to be held back from ruining the good done in the last 8 years .
sue .. stop trying to cover up for mr. pallone .
by voting for the tpp and fast track ?
so , how is it that white , working class workers are supporting trump and the gop ?
also .... # votebernie # bernie2016 # feelthebern # berniesanders
thank you for supporting marriage equality
how about hillary ?
it would be so pathetic , though , if they couldn &apos;t even agree to sit together , united .
wrong , the war on drugs is a war on people .
tennis shoes ?
right on senator joe donnelly thank you !
marriage is a legal binding contract .... why not make it equal for all ?
so , she lives lavishly , making obscene wealth as a &quot; public servant &quot; and then has the nerve to disrespect bernie sanders like she and her colleagues did , the guy who wants to help the poor , and rid the system of the elite .
thank you senator debbie stabenow for everything you have done to stop an unconstitutional , unlawful , and un-american executive order
it has to get better , at least trump wants to make america great again .
richard - the letter you read ( and that i posted on an earlier pallone thread ) was the letter in full .
schumer can &apos;t even bother to have his staffers post on fb for him .
thank you for having the courage to resist normalizing the unprecedented phenomenon of a trump presidency .
happy thanksgiving to you and your wonderful family .
thank you for truly representing the interests of the public .
equality for everyone !
dear potus &amp; congresswoman suzanne bonamici .
thanks for everything you do for minnesota , senator klobuchar !
why didn &apos;t you run for president elizabeth warren ?
marriage is a legal act that grants you more than 1000 rights a single person doesn &apos;t have .
dear frank .
stand with alveda king ... she &apos;s called john lewis out for the phony he is .
more accurately do you take the money and kill affordable prescription legislation or do you take care of the people .
sen. warren , you need to be on the ticket for presidential candidate .
you ignored hillary &apos;s arrogance and condescension as she presented herself to the public but people like me saw it .
i feel terrible and was at a loss for words when i picked my grandaughter up from kindergarten this afternoon and she said to me , &quot; donald trump is going to be president .
nestle is wrong , wrong , wrong .
he &apos;s not a great choice , but hilary is worse .
thank you so much cory booker .
your mad because trump will expose all of this , and more .
your silence sucked .
thankyou too , senator gillibrand for all you do ...
we the people choose bernie sanders and want america to be the country he works to make a reality .
congratulations senator kaine !
thanks again congresswoman for all you do .
thsank you mrs klobushard
comte was a major influence on 19th-century thought , influencing the work of social thinkers such as karl marx , john stuart mill , and george eliot .
thanks , rep. cleaver for doing all you do to try to get us out of it .
thank you , sen. warren , for your beautifully worded statement on the death of my hero , gov .
rick larsen .
fucking right-wing hypocrites ....
we are adaptable we americans : ) boston strong forever !
11 million people signed the petition to stop the yulin dog meat &quot; festival &quot; .
remember patty , you dems shot down a bill yesterday that would have funded the military for the rest of the year , no lame duck excuses , fix this deficit ! !
my family sends our thoughts and prayers to jeanne and the entire shaheen family .
the democratic party has to join in the resistance and listen to the people .
we love you patty !
thank you for your post i am grateful .
andy tobin reminds me of a wannabe dick cheney .
i stand with you , senator warren .
he will go up against crooked ass hillbilly hillery and destroy her with all her lies and corruption .
100 % behind you on this , senator jeanne shaheen .
and for all the haters on here , i have two words for them .
we all deserve a better healthcare system amy .
she called all bernie &apos;s ideas unrealistic , so she will not be forced to adopt them .
real wages grew for workers from the end of the war to 1980 and the increase in wealth of the top was more or less equal to that of the average wage earner .
tulsi , are you making a run for the presidency in 2020 ? ?
yes , senator shaheen .
you should have endorsed sanders 6 months ago
the beginnings of a fascist state , run not by the president , but by the combined heads of big business .
thanks nancy
i don &apos;t like the fact that ew does a post and doesn &apos;t reply to questions or statements .
now i remember why you always got my vote betty !
i &apos;m not a sanders supporter never have been , he &apos;s not even a democrat , he won election to the senate as an independent and has chosen to caucus with democrats .
hillary won or tied the popular vote against obama , was only 100 pledged delegates behind him and won many more super delegates than bernie will get .
mn has always had their large number of &quot; haters &quot; many thanks to the people of minnesota who voted for him .
shut the fuck up chuck !
thank you senator warren , even though it brings out the t-rump loons i &apos;m going bernie all the way , if it come down to it hrc even with all her vial faults , is so much safer then the frightening hell trump could put this country in ...
if you want to keep trump out of the white house , it &apos;s time you wake up and start supporting bernie sanders .
if you like al , read his books , my favorite being &quot; rush limbaugh is a big fat idiot &quot; .
cory , please stop researching quotes to make a point and use your time more constructively by preventing this idiot from doing further damage to this country .
lewis is an antiquated liberal that &apos;s time has run out .
berkshires like warren a lot , which is why we need strong showing out here .
thank you for your leadership on this and so many other critical issues !
you also should oppose giving your support as a super delegate before the caucus .
i love that woman .
the banks and wall st wrote the bill .
well that &apos;s the second statement you &apos;ve ever made that i disagree with senator warren .
patty is a shining example for the need for term limits
very , very disappointed in your vote , patty .
up to 75 % of those with a mental health diagnosis have physical conditions which cause or exacerbate their psych condition .
and bless us everyone that elizabeth warren chose not to run .
too bad that history involves a nomination that was tampered with by the dnc .
proud to have you representing minnesota and our country .
you did a supper job tammy .
the democratic party is out of touch with the everyman struggling to get buy .
canada ranks far above the u.s. in international rankings of healthcare outcomes , so it seems unlikely that medications in canada are more unsafe than in the u.s.
i think there is a counter protest there so trump can not stop it .
romney was 12 years old when hawaii became the 50th state in 1959. doesn &apos;t he remember ?
sanders or biden would have been better .
senator amy klobuchar , i support you .
for example , kalamazoo valley cc in-district tuition is $ 88 per credit hour while nearby western michigan university is nearly $ 400 .
gopher women &apos;s hockey won the ncaa championship too don &apos;t ya know !
senator jeff sessions blasted the obama white house &apos;s recent closed-door meeting , noting that virtually every one of the companies now asking for more foreign workers had also announced layoffs .
rick , represent the will of the voters by endorsing bernie sanders .
please work right now to block the appointment of steve bannon , a white supremacist and misogynist who has no place in the white house .
# thisisnotamerica # notmypresident # embarrassedbytrump # godhelpus
elizabeth warren for potus in &apos; 16 .
and i &apos;m proud to stand with you elizabeth , for being great like our president ...
sure hope kamala wins !
i &apos;ve really enjoyed following you , cory .
i have high hopes for you - appreciate your stand against sessions as ag - but very disappointed in your vote against u.s. senator bernie sanders &apos;s bill to make less expensive medicine from canada available for americans .
and i won &apos;t apologize for the snarkiness because please research &quot; cluster bombs &quot; after yemen donated heavily to the clinton foundation our good ol goldwater gal sold yemen cluster bombs .
she was strict , most of her students didn &apos;t like her .
good luck to all the wasps who look toward drumpf for your gwh , please tell me what your dandelion soup tastes like .
nazareth college social work department , grc msw program
@ matt ward ; you &apos;re pretty out of touch if you think marriage equality doesn &apos;t affect americans .
you have our support anna , please do all you can to resist !
so as always the middle class pays for it again .
obama , who was supposed to be the great unifier , and bring this country together , has brought nothing but racism and hatred to a level not seen since the civil rights movement .
sad , sad day for michigan families !
thank you senator for acting in the best interests of our schools and children ! !
senator wyden , please move to document and expose the raid in yemen and keep this disaster alive in the public eye as harming our national security recklessly .
rip governor cuomo ❤ ️
we love you , senator warren .
&quot; is it time for democrats to wage all-out war agains trump ? &quot;
the approach being taken is similar to the gun control movement where folks are clamoring to remove &quot; assault weapons &quot; from circulation even though they are responsible for less than 1 % of gun crimes .
i &apos;m still with you cory !
thank you for listening to us senator gillibrand !
way to continue to support hate and separation elizabeth warren .
cory booker we want more from you .
oh that don &apos;t sound appeasing to you then join a union and pay your dues and be thankful to collectively bargain to make fair wages and good health benefits and better working conditions .
bernie is the last chance for democracy .
an mn used to be such a nice state .
this is sad and not only affects mn families .
proud to have voted .
so , we want nestle out of california because of lowering aquifers .
this is why i voted for kamala harris
derek , the problem is that snap is more needed now than in years , and as you know , just like environmental concessions , what &apos;s lost in this realm is rarely regained .
i am one of the people that has had to deal with abuse of the bush administration in the past and i know that you have done good things senator wyden to prevent abuses of people &apos;s civil liberties .
with all due respect , i offer the following suggestion to reduce gun violence in the us .
minnesota nurses association supported dfl rep carly melin bill .
the solution to end unemployment via subsidies from the wealthy , is a band-aid that does not fix the problem debbie .
i &apos;m so glad and proud that you are my senator !
go bake some cookies you hag !
ms. warren you are part of the problem .
haha , not with hrc in the seat
please reject the sham gmo labeling bill from senators stabenow and roberts , senate bill 764. you are not acting in my interest if you vote yes on this bill ! !
lives lost from senseless hatred .
peter , i saw you at least twice on camera , and pat leahy as well .
i guess the left hand ( some of the nj congressional delegation ) doesn &apos;t know what the right hand ( the federal agencies doing the audit ) is doing .
i love you , amy ! !
see you at the women &apos;s march in dc !
will you keep your promise to fight for people with aids , and not let global aids funding get cut in 2011 ?
totally agree with you patty !
i also strongly urge you to call on president-elect trump to rescind his appointment of mr. bannon .
sounds just shy of a bernie sanders endorsement .
please endorse sanders and seriously consider running with him !
if you are a dumb bigot you are voting trump , the rest of us will hold our noses and vote against trump
happy thanksgiving , senator stabenow
this was regarding whitehouse petitions that are not showing signatures even though i know many have signed
sure sounds like an endorsement of u.s. senator bernie sanders to me .... 8- )
i want to know where gillibrand is going to stand on obama &apos;s nuke deal with iran ?
she reaches out by speaking to the people not at the people .
classes in shooting in our schools ?
rooting for rick !
take the money and teach people how to properly eat and take care of themselves , same millions billions of drug cost .
we are counting on you , chuck !
good on you , senator !
we &apos;re a republic , frank , not a democracy .
given the number of people affected , trump oughta tweet about negotiating better prescription prices with pharma gouging american seniors , rather than reserve his outrage for boeing &apos;s airforce one prices .
trump is a fucking moron , pig , asshole , scumbag , dickhead , jerkoff , needs to be impeached , thrown to the curb , then spit and pissed on , and then beat to a pulp .
really , chuck , as a new yorker we saw you guys out as buddies all the time .
she apparently is all for hillary &apos;s criminal activity , treason , narcissism and divisiveness .
how about helping to treat mental illness ?
.i sound like yoda , but i &apos;m trying hard to convince myself to move forward .
if poorer workers don &apos;t get paid , you shouldn &apos;t either .
so your banning political donations from unions ?
oh and on a personal note ... go fuck yourself debbie ! !
you are pathetic because you are making up crapp out of desperation same as your pathetic excuse of a woman friend hillary .
but then again , democracy has been raped of it &apos;s true purpose , just as the republic had been .
there will always be a black market for guns .
please keep fighting for what is right and good for all americans .
it &apos;s amazing that people are actually falling for his nonsense we amerikkkans go in and destroy these nations economies and then cry wall when we are done abusing them as workers because of our own poor economic choices buy a vowel and educate yourself
count me in , as a democrat , as a virginian , asawoman
but i have to ask why you voted against the drug price bill ?
and pass an assault weapons ban
i voted this afternoon , my first vote for a woman to be my massachusetts senator .
no new gun laws joe
since it &apos;s creation the performance of us students has slipped in world rankings .
i guess you don &apos;t represent all the people in oregon
currently , states have the right to enact gmo labeling laws precisely because the fda has not formally ruled on gmo labeling .
senator - of all the dems running for office you have my respect .
we are all earths creatures , please lets bring an end to this issue , in a diplomatic and global understanding of animal rights .
that you for your inspirational words at this time when so many of us feel so defeated .
how do you plan on this working , when there are obviously undiagnosed , mentally ill citizens still buying guns ?
rip beau biden , ...........
forbes is not a left- wing mouth piece .
please fill out and return the gun sense voter candidate questionnaire : http : / / every.tw / gsv-questionnaire thank you so much !
debbie , it &apos;s your generosity that makes you the right choice for senator .
we haven &apos;t eat in a flint restaurant since this started because we don &apos;t want the water .
ppl that live in 100,000 + homes drive 2013 cars are receiving between 5 and 800 $ in food stamps thank you beto o &apos;rourke for trying to helpful situation
just run for vp with u.s. senator bernie sanders !
thank you for giving us a voice today sen booker !
so if the ultra rich and corporations are so flushed with cash .
misrepresenting yourself as if you were ever a sinema supporter .
congratulations on another term and for shiningly representing minnesota .
they don &apos;t sound very democratic party to me .
thank you for accepting the challenge and the best to you and your family !
you are truly an inspiration to us all .
it was a very super state of the union address i loved it very much , women , the minimum wage , health care .
i &apos;m with elizabeth warren but , right now i just can &apos;t phantom this .
it &apos;s like saying immigrants , native americans , students and lgbt aren &apos;t worthy of safety .
i have been a minnesota transplant in texas since 1977 , but have never stopped routing for the vikings through thick and thin .
when bannon was appointed , i called my congressman ( greg walden ) and expressed my concern .
cory booker please reach out to the ceo &apos;s of nj pharmaceutical companies and discuss with them how to bring drug prices down .
cory booker not buying it cory !
senator wyden is on board with senator paul &apos;s ongoing filibuster .
thank you , senator , for standing up to pt &apos;s executive actions and cabinet nominees .
booker is the biggest hypocrite ever
be afraid of the political disaster you elite 545 have created that makes trump a reasonable option in so many people &apos;s minds .
go get him elizabeth &#91; &#91; sticker &#93; &#93;
good , amy .
having worked in the medical field for over 40 years i &apos;m still proud to be a democratic in our great state of minnesota ! !
please support bernie sanders for president , he &apos;s cut from the same cloth as martin luther king and all the great civil rights leaders .
it &apos;s great that it &apos;s helped some people , but where hillary and the dems hung themselves on this one was to boast about obamacare instead of addressing it &apos;s flaws .
dog-safe trapping in minnesota is in your hands ... please help !
thankfully amy , your sane supporters far outweigh the fools that also follow you on fb ......
other countries and even the va have the ability to negotiate prices , and they receive much , much lower prices from the drug companies than medicare does .
this may encourage sensitivity , responsiveness , and trust between local sexual assault multidisciplinary response teams and native communities .
can you tell me a case where a woman is paid less than a man for the same work situation ?
and i hope that you will not attend his inauguration .
my point is that you are not a leader and champion of all people , but only of those that fit into your specific agenda and you should be removed from office for publicly making false allegations against other citizens in our community .
my deepest condolences to you and your family for your loss .
is it true that you &apos;ve taken $ 385,000 from big pharma before voting against the bill to make prescriptions more accessible to americans without your own premium insurance plan ?
i wish i still lived in ny
elizabeth , you screwed us by not supporting bernie .
thank you you make me proud to be an okie
we are so glad that voters recognize that ed perlmutter is a quality congressman and a quality human being .
thank you for questioning her appropriately .
sensible gun legislation ?
it never fails to amaze me how so many people are unaware of basic financial knowledge , and sadly this leads to the financial industry - even the large players as we have seen - taking undue advantage of many ( can you say mortgage crisis ? ) .
senator corey booker , i agree with you 100 %
nice work , ron .
from a canadian friend : canadian drugs are not safe ? ?
we are with you all the way , there is so much truth in your comments , thank you cory .
marriage equality is a worthy cause , and it will continue to be advocated with or without its inclusion in s744 .
this holiday should be just as much about how wrong all our wars since wwii have been , not celebrating the sacrifice of our veterans ( we have veterans day for that ) .
how does increasing the minimum wage help ?
sherrod , those of us who love and support you , don &apos;t think you need to give 2 seconds of time to that horrible excuse for a person running against you .
ruben una feliz navidad y un año de bendiciones y paz interior para ti y toda tu familia un abrazo mucha salud
further , the report found that &quot; &#91; a &#93; lthough some other subgroups of students ( female and higher achieving students ) appeared to have higher levels of reading achievement if they were offered a scholarship , those findings could be due to chance . &quot;
should have run liz .
we need you to fight this trump tranny alsothe other democrats we have to fight women rights are being attack this is complete facism in the works
we have to move forward for the 300,000,000 + americans now in the 21st century .
it is deeply distressing to even imagine this kind of intolerance is acceptable to our president-elect .
these forms of torture are often done on the streets in front of # children who may become either traumatized or desensitized by the violence they are exposed to .
&lt; 3 ♡ love elizabeth warren ♡ &lt; 3
mr. pallone , please do everything you can to stop this rising tide of hatred .
washington overwhelmingly chose bernie sanders for president .
keep fighting patty murray .
medicine approval in canada is professional so anything approved in canada is safe for us .
cheers to liberal elitist that warren is .
you are in big pharmacy pocket !
if the dnc steals another presidential election .
amy klobuchar , i just read this highly disturbing article about how you are , today , monday , campaigning in ny against the candidate that we the people of minnesota clearly and strongly selected as our preference for our next president of the united states because # @ bernie will represent our best interests .
support better mental heath care .
i have faith that our delaware leaders will work to bring us into the future with strength and integrity .
patty , thank for all you do for all of us .
thank you for your work on this very important issue , senator klobuchar !
the epi pen this past year was a perfect example of how pharma gouges our eyes out for medication in america !
hi , al .
if the gop had their way , we &apos;d be back in the dark ages .
it &apos;s time to address the popular vote .
an icon gone , shoes hard to replace , da future of hawai &apos;i is with you .
&quot; the fda is overhauling the 510k system for approving medical devices , after several outside reports suggested high-risk devices have slipped through with little scrutiny .
if democrats don &apos;t act like democrats and stick up for average americans , who will ?
and some 600 phd scientists and 2,218 architects and engineers are demanding a new congressional investigation of 9 / 11 because the science adds up to the rational conclusion that the world trade center buildings collapsed due to a controlled demolition by explosives .
warren and her ilk believe that the government has the solution to every problem , real or contrived .
but we &apos;d be happier if you , sanders or john k &apos;s running mate .
need a stronger and more vocal middle class .
thank you , for your spirit and tenacity as well as your service in keeping democracy part of the republic for which we all stand for !
47 % of of snap recipients nationally are children , and 8 % are elderly .
some of you think bernie won ? ? ? ? ?
@ cejay spencer i was wondering if each time sen. brown said he was an independent voice did you do a shot ?
i see the hate is still spewing from the trumpeteers !
if trump wins , it &apos;s because of you , $ hillary clinton , the dnc , debbie wasserman-schultz and the super delegates : &#91; &#91; photo &#93; &#93;
this is a big item in delaware and you should get the chance for the nra and the people see you are not going to vote to take legally obtained firearms .
in the same light , i &apos;m interested to know your thoughts about the tran pacific partnership .
very rumi-like mr. booker .
@ derek ... gillibrand is a talking head ... that &apos;s all ... don &apos;t forget her vogue spread showing off how much weight she &apos;s lost and how chi chi she is ...
so , i can &apos;t vote for sanders or jill stein because then i &apos;m just voting for hillary and trump .. it &apos;s all very confusing .
as a montana voter , i &apos;m asking you to vote against the iran nuclear deal .
great great work for our vets , patty .
meanwhile , rep. joe crowley ( from new york ) is speechless : http : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = _ zcl2bi-jdy &amp; feature = player _ embedded
now you &apos;re endorsing one of wall street &apos;s favorite candidates .
if you can honor the inauguration because it &apos;s a very bipartisan activity , you then have a voice worth listening to on partisan issues .
this country needs men and women like you , mr. booker .
looking forward to having some of hillary &apos;s campaign promises to focus on upstate as well as downstate actually addressed , too , though .
the struggle has just begun .
proud to share your birthday - also with meryl streep - you both are role models for american women !
try to convince jim cooper that your action is the correct one
trump supporters should now vote for which cities will be melted by nuclear explosions .
keep working on it keith
true leaders don &apos;t cry about the challenges that they face -- but lead those of us who are will to overcome those obstacles .
please have your team spend some time thinking about how to organize and mobilize the disillusioned but energized masses who are looking toward getting to work for the next election !
i &apos;m hoping to see sen warren .
i have not seen your name on the ever growing list of congressmen that will not be attending the inauguration ?
channeling my mother i feel obligated to remind you that &quot; constitution &quot; deserves a capital &apos; c &apos; .
he represented hawaii very well over the years ( from this outsider &apos;s perspective anyway ) and was a great man who served his county and state with pride and dignity .
you should be ashamed of yourself , trying to use them to slander an organization like planned parenthood that does so much to promote women &apos;s health .
rick larsen , she d i d not win the primary .
thank you senator murray for all of your hard work and dedication to public service .
25th amendment , ron .
cory booker your suck and i don &apos;t like you as a new jersey state senator waiting for someone to take your place , , in the next election merry christmas
i &apos;m really disappointed in you for voting against senator sanders &apos; sensible plan .
perhaps you are confusing amy with the queen of grandstanding , michele bachmann .
the reason there aren &apos;t more women in congress is because women are chosen to run by the political parties than men .
joseph - thanks for the mic check on republican talking points .
gillibrand for president 2016 !
what is an &quot; ordinary american &quot; peter .
with your kids going to school in dc where did you see it here in nj or in dc ? ? ?
thank you for standing up for and being vocal about so many social justice issues ! !
elizabeth , the blame falls entirely on the dnc .
the 48 democratic senators must hold together to sustain the fillabuster against judge neil gorsuch .
the only choice is to block and resist in every way that you possibly can .
happy birthday collin
we are fortunate indeed to have you as a role model for women ! !
welcome to the corporate run oligarchy .
what we are doing is working as we did take popular but in presidential politics you must win the electoral college .
you better hope carma catches up before the ppl of michigan do
keep up the good job chris !
mr. jon will be just fine .
# berniesanders # notforsale
@ paul , i wonder if your calling anna little &apos;s policies &quot; poorly informed &quot; or &quot; extreme &quot; simply because they differ from your core beliefs of how a county should be run ?
why have republicans done everything they can to turn the clock back a century for women ?
you should be ashamed of yourself cory !
so sorry about that , jackie .
lets keep women and families safe
amy , i appreciate all of the updates that you provide .
hell no to corporate hillary ! ! ! ! !
she screams out for my mother when i fall , i do that a lot .
shame on you cory booker , for voting against more affordable medicine imported from canada .
he did not win the majority vote and we will not live in a trump racist world .
ok , senator booker .
but you need to join the democrats and fight the rising costs of drugs .
fuck you # corporatewhore
i &apos;m very happy to see you are still representing oregon !
since the most recent estimates show most members of congress work about 2-3 days a week , a few hours a day , i believe we can afford ms. sinema at least a few hours a day for personal health .
senator wyden , a question for you : what would you tell these 21 people who are undoubtedly not happy with signing up for obamacare exchanges ?
thanks for being such a great representative for denver and colorado .
thanks for your work for our veterans amy !
corey booker for president 2020 .. i remember a hospice patient of mine and me doing flyers for your election for newark mayor .. i would take a piece of that again
what a loss for all of us .
hahahahahahaha ..... let &apos;s hear it for franken and davis ! ! ! !
bernie people who voted for stein are a big reason trump will become president tomorrow .
way to go al
chuck you are a f * * king drama queen ! !
you are an awesome senator , a wonderful person . # strong together .
please vote against sopa .
i notice the trumpers in this post are all white males .
thank you for everything you do , congressman doggett .
i am not perfect but i am honest .. sorry amy
i wish elizabeth warren was running
# sodisappointed # resist
if this is the case , we need to reign in these pharmaceutical corporations !
peter , the va system is a giant redundancy .
but we &apos;re in nj .
we are so lucky to have you &lt; 3
excellent mr pallone .
good morning earl , it &apos;s a beautiful new day , not even 9am yet and i &apos;ve already been harassed for the 7th time in 8 straight days by credit card services .
proud of you amy
al , we don &apos;t want you to cooperate with trump .
it seems to me that the cities with the strictest gun laws seem to have the highest crime
the veteran population is a unique group with very unique issues that both they and their families must cope with .
patty , there are always two sides to every story so it would be nice if you would tell the whole truth and not just your side .
his whole campaign is about ending racism and inequality so we can talk about real issues .
why we need two more democrats to join you in the house .
you completely wasted all good will you earned the past few days with your hypocritical vote against canadian drugs .
senator , please act urgently to protect planned parenthood .
so your move democratic party .
i am proud to have voted for him .
amy ... this is an epidemic , and there are steps that need to be taken , to assist the people of mn and wi ( and nationwide ) , to help people with prevention , detection and treatment .
it &apos;s outright shameful and disrespectful to your fellow countrymen and women who fought for our rights and for future generations !
the middle class has the numbers to have real money .
you are missing a major point : you have taken money from the pharmaceutical industry and your vote reflects that .
oh i know full well what a super delegate is ... and this process shows that they are for sale ...
our exchange in mn is not even going to be fully ready october 1. thanks for all your hard work and for listening .
stop the gun violence .
thanks patty , you always roll up your sleeves and work so hard for all of us .
your post makes a lot of sense congresswoman .
thank you for your comments highlighting the extreme conflict of interest bannon represents , to serve in any american government position .
4 years later she &apos;s still making us ( and u.s. ) proud !
add to the fact that hawaii is the most geographically isolated habitable place on earth ; we have a heavy dependance on imported sustenance .
trump must be obstructed in every move he makes .
cory , we need strong leaders to fight for the salvation of our democratic values .
i appreciate barbara lee &apos;s position .
i am proud to be voting for you .
2 wrongs don &apos;t make a right but don &apos;t lecture jews about humanity
obama care will cause the up rising of methadone clinics in small towns to addiction from drugs that will be owned by lawyers and government for inside trading in pharmaceutical company &apos;s
donald trump speaks out against the tax payer funded , illegal immigrant , work force that is destroying the middleclass and forcing millions into poverty and you call it &quot; hate , a threat and demagoguery &quot; .
please help lower drug costs .
i want to thank patty murray for voting for the background check bill , even though it didn &apos;t pass ! !
amy please vote against any xl pipeline ! !
keep working for what &apos;s right , senator !
ty mr sires , but a lot must be immune aged n attention paid to the adults w mental illness .
today i bought cold medicine and had to show a valid id and be put into a database , to make sure i wasn &apos;t buying large quantities to make illegal drugs .
way cool debbie happy hanukkah to you and your family
sen franken , until sexual assault investigations are handled by civilians , justice will never be served .
colleen - its a progressive blogger as well .
earl , whether dem or rep you have all found ways to screw the hard working middle class and when it comes to ethics neither party can account for any good .
amy , after all you did for medtronic aren &apos;t you a bit ticked about this planned move to hq in ireland ?
senator murray , thank you for fighting for us .
we are with you 100 % , congresswoman .
not greedy billionaires and wall streets criminals america- but the real america .
thank you for such a dedicated political career .
you &apos;re wonderful senator franken !
keep up the wonderful work you are doing senator brown .
right on rick !
hey jon are you and harry playing golf today ?
.writing mortgages to brown people ?
pp is not the be all end all in women &apos;s health .
trump is the only person who refuses to accept the verdict of the people .
corporate dems - shame , shame , shame .
must of been all russians filling arenas all over america attending those trump rally &apos;s .
hope you meant gmo food labeling !
we are not a superpower , but a bully police state .
the question is whether or not senator warren wants to join the political revolution by supporting sanders , or continue with divisive clintonian politics ?
i pick bernie at least he is not scary and he has the will to change for the better .
happy to see al doing what he can to promote green energy .
i challenge you to do the right thing here and be more progressive in your votes .
obama economy via wayne allyn root just a little wake up call to democrats who actually believe what nancy says • first the economy is not &quot; recovering &quot; or &quot; healthy &quot; for anyone but corporate elite , billionaires , bankers and wall street .
looting is against the law .
basic decency is how you present yourself when on stage ? ? ?
i am on your side and hope you run for potus in 2016. presdent warren sounds real good .
stop supporting monsanto and gmo companies , listen to people voice !
the office of the federal register legal staff reviews the electoral certificates for the required signatures , seals and other matters of form , as specified in federal law .
should never elected al franken guns don &apos;t kill people do
there are lots of black women who support trump and will vote for him .
ms. warren : which side are you on , then ?
i &apos;m so excited for you to be the next dnc chair !
can we work on removing the electoral college and going solar
his nobel prize more of a sham than al gore &apos;s if thats even possible krugman argued against japanese qe then argued in favor of the fed and treasury doing the same thing here .
this marine is voting for brown !
this goes deeper than gun control and mental health issues .
senator booker , i call upon you to advocate , and advocate to martin luther king level , to susan b. anthony level , advocate for campaign financing reform .
the only equality your interested in is equal things .
thank you for your work in the country &apos;s behalf .
much respect ms. warren
as for the message - i think it &apos;s fitting for a woman not to go to an event celebrating a man who has been accused of sexual misconduct and who has advocated sexual assault through his words and actions .
yet you , senator cory booker voted yes .
we need jobs in michigan and companies to move here to provide jobs .
and do you really think hillary would have supported these things at the time ?
take note this is another snaeky democrat trick to find pools of corrupt communities and not unlike blm take advantage pandering for future voters .
i suppose i agree with congresswoman speier most of the time but i always find her words annoying .
why can &apos;t medicare negotiate lower drug prices for part d ?
i &apos;m with you senator !
4. if cleaver can &apos;t answer my question about whether or not he agrees with democrats recent statements about the h / c law being about &quot; redistribution of wealth &quot; , then he has no right to run for any political party either ... simple question needing a simple answer .
i think it is beneath mrs. warren to write in this manner .
oregon next !
my sense of senator booker prior to his appearance before the senate judiciary committee was that he might be a halfway decent and reasonable person , but after his testimony i was thoroughly disappointed with him because he exposed himself for having no integrity .
the irony is that , if you and sen. schumer and others weren &apos;t such obstructionists , you would have already confirmed mr. sessions and then had enough &quot; no &quot; votes to win .
i was at the inauguration today and i saw you too !
thank you for being an awesome advocate for us .
ms. warren , you are spewing flat out falsities !
way to go dnc .
we went blue !
wow , trump really is a sort of &quot; get out of jail free &quot; card for corporate dems .
go kill the nomination of that bigot cory ! ! !
this is bound to result in bloodshed of russian speaking ukrainians in these or may be in other regions ( as happened in odessa ) .
trump is a moral value minded man .
the only violence i have seen is from your protesters
thanks for fighting the good fight ... for me , too !
happy birthday amy klobuchar
visted your site , jan keep up your dynamic work on behalf of the 9th district .
trump &apos;s supporters reflect his ugliness , only with fewer teeth .
it &apos;s amazing how you say he runs his campaign with such words as racism and sexism and even xenophobia when in true light the people who protest him look like the real animals ...
painting all protesters with a broad brush is extremely irresponsible -- and lets us all know whose side you &apos;re actually on .
we &apos;re delighted to have you for our senator !
senator brown can you please explain why you are voted yes on the roberts / stabenow gmo bill .
vp your nominee warren !
for every action there is an egual and opposite reaction .
democratic	test		war on women !
thank your mr. yarmuth !
when only 8 or so percent of eligible voters participated in the caucus , i wonder why ...... this election is so critically important , democrats , please unite when the process is complete , and vote in november ! ! ! !
thanks for the good work amy !
mr. booker , please throw your hat in to lead the dnac .
i , for one , absolutely reject anything this woman has to say or think .
please fight hard , elizabeth ..
hope to see you in the race 2020. happy new year
tammy , congrats for representing the people and even more thanks for putting walsh away from where he can hurt so many with his bile .
that tells me bernie is our man !
most , not all , of these shootings happen because the person is not following the orders of the police .
i will be marching in nyc on saturday .
you were fantastic , cool , calm and factual .... if i lived in ma you &apos;d have my vote for sure ... congrats
now in 2017 with your crocodile tears you are calling it racist ?
happy easter kirsten .
trump supporters and gop ... this is on you to fix this .
ya iv met a few of those tea baggers ( turkeys )
mind you , the whole drive up was an oregon reunion in terms of weather ...
cannabis cures cancers !
my medications alone are close to $ 2000 .
boo kurt schrader ...
--- &quot; ... democracy is not a spectator sport ... &quot;
go , tulsi !
btw elizabeth let &apos;s have a look at your financial statement !
peter you &apos;re one of the reasons i stay in oregon .
when will the bigotry end ?
how can we prevent civilians from being hurt ?
thank you peter for attending and supporting the victims , families , first responders , medical personnel and the community as a whole .
however , by only considering those possibilities that conform to our preconceived notions about how this event transpired and why a particular verdict was reached , we only further galvanize ourselves into a worldview that breeds contempt , hatred , and suspicion .
bet those six figures from the pharmaceutical industry don &apos;t seem easily won now , do they ?
thank you sen. gillibrand .
if you want to be heard in your community you speak out , and you don &apos;t start rioting and looting .
going to clark county dems office to get a yard sign and volunteer for patty !
holiday blessings to you and yours !
coming from the woman who claims to be one eighth eastern delaware nations and used that to get a professorship ...
wait till a woman is captured by taliban or al queda who was in a infantry role and see how that plays out with equality .
please cast your caucus votes for the only candidate who wants big business out of the political system : bernie sanders .
but will it be a debate about reducing violence and crime or just about how to place more restrictions upon law abiding citizens ?
so about voting not to allow americans to buy cheaper medications from canada .... could you please detail why ?
sharon louise snider seems to me these moves are desperate acts looking for approval by cherry picking the areas you want to re-open .
bernie , please , please keep going .
mario cuomo was a very sensible and logical orator ... where are the others , are there any others ?
you are the right person for michigan for all times .
senator schumer , why do you choose to mislead in your comments .
marylanders don &apos;t be fooled again , if you really listen to what brown is saying you can hear the deceptions .
with you all the way kamala harris !
although the two programs are very different , both are managed by the centers for medicare and medicaid services , a division of the department of health and human services u.s. medicaid is a health medical services for certain individuals and families with low income and few resources .
when it come to the vp job , or even the job of potus , don &apos;t forget about al franken , dems .
could you bring this to oregon as well .
it &apos;s part of the modern corporate capitalist economy that companies try to avoid paying whatever costs they can avoid , even if they &apos;ve caused the costs or have exploited resources they don &apos;t actually own .
when bernie ran as a member of the liberty union party ( socialist party ) then he did not get money from wall street .
appreciate all you do sherrod to help the working class !
so happy you could be there on behalf of minnesota to honor our fallen soldier !
i agree with you ca attorney general kamala harris .
we can take care of multiple problems with legislation congressman rick larsen supports , like immigration reform , taking care of our veterans , and raising the minimum wage to name a few .
freedom to protest does not include freedom to block traffic and throw molotav cocktails and bricks at police this making the area unsafe to the public as well .
from monona , wisconsin
c &apos;mon patty !
senator booker , i hope you can rally your fellow senators to do the right thing .
the democratic party is in desperate need of a pr firm to build a strategy that will be able to strengthen the party &apos;s credibility .
people this is the same drugs we already get they have been approved by fda .
schumer was one of the democrats to support construction of a wall in 2006 . &quot;
fabulous work , senator and everyone who worked so hard - thank you ! !
we are lucky to have you congressman yarmuth !
the teaparty was brought to you by the kock brothers ... grass roots my ass .
i wish , ms. warren , you were &apos; shocked &apos; by the obama admin &apos;s abuse of power and institution of unconstitutional policies .
there is a rumor that you have taken money from pharmaceutical companies for your campaign .
please knock some good old fashioned minnesota sense into those idiots who think cutting off unemployment is smart government .
i think derek is wrong on this one : (
terrible decision joe
people who think trump isn &apos;t running on a platform of racism , sexism and xenophobia either don &apos;t know what those words mean , or are so embroiled in their own racism , sexism or xenophobia that they cannot even recognize it in trump .
do you think we can also ban alcohol too because there are more people killed by drunk drivers than those carrying guns .
you voted down access to cheaper drugs from canada !
please vote scott brown out in 2012 massachusetts !
scott brown is going to win !
i hope the congressional democrats make trump &apos;s presidency as challenging as the republicans made obama &apos;s administration .
did those children &#91; according to your account - i wasn &apos;t there &#93; not have access to the same booth that gave rep. pallone a copy ?
this is an awful tragedy - surely we can do something to help / stop people who are so unstable - before such awful things happen .
i detailed in my other response why i think the appointment of bannon may actually work to help us fight trump , but even if i did not have that opinion , i do see it as a fruitless pursuit .
your refusal to follow the lead of your constituents by supporting bernie sanders with your superdelegate vote has resulted in this washington east-sider donating to your opponent .
i call on you to make a stronger public statement opposing this appointment and put pressure on donald trump to remove bannon from his team .
i am a hoosier and you are right on every count al franken !
jon tester is a fraud !
donald trump could be a world leader .. this isn &apos;t a sick joke !
until the democratic party takes a long look in the mirror and actually tries to resolve these issues they will continue to lose voters and elections .
thank you mn for allowing early voting !
keith - how many credit cards do you have ?
summer of 2015 the fda gave its advice to the dea to keep marijuana in the schedule i category , but it did not make the recommendation public .
senator al franken : ( dc ) 202-224-5641 ; ( mn office ) 651-221-1016 senator amy klobuchar : ( dc ) 202-224-3244 ; ( mn office ) 612-727-5220 ; toll-free 888-224-9043 national capital switchboard will transfer you to your senator and representative : 877-429-0678
thank you for standing with the women of wisconsin .
happy ❤ ️ day
the first arrests were to clear a single lane for emergency vehicles , all of whom were directed by the police not to use the freeway and instead edge their way through the literally thousands of people lining either side of the freeway .
but you said it yourself : &quot; … for the second time in 5 elections , a democratic nominee will have won the popular vote but lost the presidency in the electoral college . &quot;
once again -- and more more reason why -- we love you , jackie !
ms. warren i know you will be ever vigilant and speak out for truth , democracy , and integrity .
keep fighting for us senator durbin and if you need any backup , there are plenty of us around !
ms. pumpkin head ; in all your fascist ravings , you failed to answer the question ?
&quot; i heart radio &quot; has a broader choice with more progressive stations .
that &apos;s c. schumer .
very nice sentiment and optimism elizabeth warren .
bill ......... i used to live in bloomfield , nj ........ now , here in oregon .
let &apos;s keep working on those procedural reforms
coming from the lady that thinks tuition is too high , but makes $ 400,000.00 a year teaching one class .
amazed that someone taking payoffs from pharmaceutical companies and vetoing an act that would allow people to purchase lower costing drugs would quote mlk .
thank you and i support what you are doing and the fight you have for the people of nh ahead
i am glad elizabeth is not running .
hooray for equality .... thanks al .
i can not support you in 2018
as a distinguished veteran of two services , i &apos;d like to suggest the first step in solving the military &apos;s don &apos;t ask / tell issue : allow gays to serve openly the same way women serve in the military : in non-combat positions .
if all of congress had people like you , bernie sanders and a few others , nobody would be in dire economic straights or be lacking proper health care .
all i see is bernie in my feed
thanks senator brown ( or should i say mr .
my prescriptions just went up $ 960 a year the first of jan for the same genetics as last year .
i &apos;ve seen your reaction when that lady testified about the murder of her family while her gun was locked in her car .
pasadena , calif . , sept . 26 , 2015 — the democrats have been taking a victory lap to celebrate their nuclear deal with iran .
i believe we can resolute current syrian crisis through un , peaceful multiple-parties negotiation .
thank you for your concern and efforts .
shame on you patty .
and hillary is so much of a better choice ? ?
a wonderful actor who appeared to be like a regular guy to many of us and seemingly well liked by all .
this is why it &apos;s too scary to have democrats in charge .
like when it comes to vote for affordable prescription drugs ?
mary beth you said you couldn &apos;t find the evidence that some are having to pay extra because of this bill .
she has no guts--she and bernie were the same on issues , yet she stood aside and endorsed no one until it was clear who the winner was .
cc a montana with a sense of decency and fairness !
jill stalpes gass - did you see this ?
from hampton , nh
you &apos;re certainly aware your name has come up for a presidential run in 2020. start leading .
only bad thing is that minnesota care dental isn &apos;t taken by a lot of dentists especially if you are a new patient .
great when half the country starts to die from lack of medical care ... weakest ass move ever .
i cannot help but think , amy klobuchar that there is a plaque somewhere in your office bearing that quote .
outside of rosie the riveter and a diagnosis of overpopulation women don &apos;t have any rights in the domain women have no rights in the habitat for humanity &#91; &#91; photo &#93; &#93;
narcissistic bigot and a trash bimbo for a 1st lady !
so proud to be a mom of an ahs student and proud supporter of patty murray !
here &apos;s one thing trump doesn &apos;t do , collect $ 350,000.00 for teaching one class , then rail against the high cost of college and how they &apos;re hammering the working class
the bernie gmo trolls never rest .
the violent riots and arsonist excursions of the blm terror group have widely been excused by authorities with no or very little prosecution when the smoke cleared in chicago , baltimore and ferguson , mo .
we need you sen warren .
i am in long beach and believe you , rep. al , reflect my interests as a citizen as do both senators who are on the same boat on this issue .
heck anne frank couldn &apos;t even come into the us .
i &apos;m so glad you are outraged frank , now you know how we feel about your communist health care bill that 70 % of americans didn &apos;t and still don &apos;t want .
not with the way you guys do biz in washington mr franken , which is more control , more domination of the people .
many of the new leadership of al quida are longtime residents of usa and also citizens .
she couldn &apos;t have it anymore backwards , trump &apos;s rally was stopped by far left thugs using fascist tactics !
you madame are a fool ...
good on you keith ellison !
but at least when i lay my head down at night i can say i am a good and decent person , unlike those who believe themselves to be so powerful that integrity and common decency does not apply to them .
beth thompson
you owe st. louis county police and those voting constituents an apology !
i will not be voting democratic during the mid terms .
they say these areas are taking notice of what president trump is trying to accomplish and they are sick of schumer &apos;s immature actions .
it would be nice to live my last few years on this planet without worrying too much .
i don &apos;t understand why respecting the integrity of the democratic process requires the campaign to ignore the popular vote and give up more than a month before the electoral college votes .
the democratic party no longer represents me .
it took courage to back senator sanders .
very disturbing that you will not support the gmo label laws .
clinton had a narrow margin of less than one percent of the popular vote .
please give us a warren / robert reich ticket in 2020 .
the difference between portland va hospital and seattle is like night and day .
thank you from an early intervention special education teacher !
just keep up the great work in support of your oregon constituents !
it would be out of character for sen. warren to hint at an endorsement but not give one .
senator elizabeth warren ; you need to come out now and fully endorse hillary clinton .
thank you , from the many breastfeeding mothers in nh .
seahawks rock !
he will be greatly missed .
do your actions represent a peaceful transfer of power ?
thank you senator gillibrand , for your continued support of the gay and lesbian community .
i , for one , appreciate knowing that we have caring and compassionate leaders in mn .
best of love and luck to you senator !
i applaud him , also , keith .
better still , you need to sit down on the fda and keep them from fast-tracking new drugs on the market before they &apos;ve been adequately tested .
and yet that &apos;s been the message to alcohol and drug addicts .
hey chuck , you eat a big bowl of dumbass every morning or what ?
we pay you to represent us , and and image that shows children that they should respect the electoral process .
excellent work , senator .
no one needs a semi automatic gun for safety .
start with the assault weapons ban .
thank you for not being silent about this .
oh please ... pull your head out al .
thanks sen for working so hard for the common class people .
i have no children or family members in the lgbt community but what i do have is a strong moral value and belief in the golden rule - do unto others as you would have them do unto you .
if there are two bigger fools than al franken and keith ellison i am not aware of them .
en estados unidos se están aplicando los programas monarch de los planes mk-ultra de la cia para la fabricación de asesinos desechables .
that is not true and you know it , senator warren .
these methods have been a rousing success in the war on drugs .
so exciting and such a great spirit !
i voted for you , and hillary , but i really think bernie was far more electable .
michigan voters showed their preference for bernie sanders in the primary over hillary clinton but the super delegates didn &apos;t care what the people wanted then
i &apos;m still waiting for an explanation for your support of pipa and sopa .
just voted today to not bring cheaper meds in from canada .
dear senator booker , just so you know .... its quite obvious to us all , that your vote has been bought ... dont waste your breath with your safety bullshit ... you seriously are not fooling anyone .......
i realize there are some that support this childish behavior but you won &apos;t be missed .
hope you win ms. harris , and hope if you win you can introduce me with one of your investigators to learn about us prosecution system in criminal and special crime investigation * friend of dr. means *
one of the biggest unlearned lessons of &quot; &quot; good &quot; people in america is that silence is not always golden !
colleen - an fyi on paul .
i am ready to fight fight fight !
your oregon constituents are proud of you even if these trolls say their hateful things .
my 6 yr old son has pku and it is a necessity that he receives prescription low protein food and medicated formula !
bannon is a nazi , pure and simple .
please support a democratic america and our laws .
september , please tell me what company in michigan is hiring so i can tell my nephews ; they can pass the drug test .
separate but equal was outlawed a longtime ago , sorry .
thank you , elizabeth warren , for your hard work , your fighting spirit , and your integrity !
hey liz how many people do you employ ?
i want to prevent gun violence
you hate trolls and i hate social communist .
thank you senator tester , well said .
how about an act that would simply require drug companies to sell their products in the united states at prices no higher than they charge in canada and europe ?
thank u earl !
if you don &apos;t like gay marriage , don &apos;t marry a person of the same gender .
another republican attempt to weaken the democratic coalition between young people and women .
unite against the war on women rally - state capitol , salem from 10am to 1pm .
i live in nh , but shared this on fb for my ma friends to see .
hey elizabeth , &quot; you could be replaced &quot; !
senator brown is just playing a game , pulling on the heart strings , making himself look especially caring and to distance himself from the controversies currently flooding washington and the news .
2nd amendment proponents in the nra don &apos;t get the part that that amendment was / is meant to defend america , not defend the ability to have access to handheld wmd &apos;s that murder college , high school , college , movie going and military personnel on a base right here in america .
trying to build his 2020 campaign , politics in its finest .
please me a leader in starting a serious conversation about mental health and gun control ?
i put the blame for this loss squarely on the shoulders of the dnc and everyone who supported their strategy during the early primaries .
... and the president says rep .. are holding us hostage .. sorry amy thats one bill u should have voted no .
9. pdufa 1992 funds the fda with ind fees .
so , elizabeth , whom do you support in the presidential primaries ?
i am surprised that women cannot be buried there .
we &apos;re lucky as washingtonians to have you as our senator !
you and sen. sanders are fighting the good fight against the greed of the wealthiest americans .
gun control has never prevented a determined person from killing .
most prescriptions i have filled are lying in my medicine cabinet with excess pills which i did not need and don &apos;t know how to get rid of .
don &apos;t better on trump dropping the divisive rhetoric senator franken , i only wish you lived here in indiana .
speak for labor and vote no on tpp
oregon has one of the poorest educated populations , the cost of doing business is one of the highest and oregon has some of the longest welfare lines .
i am so thankful and proud to have women like you and senator warren fighting for us .
hey al , nice to hear from you again .
warren is a class act .
debbie , your whole anti-democratic &quot; superdelegate &quot; caper is one big reason we aren &apos;t joining your party .
then why exactly did you vote against sanders bill ? ?
so , are you doing anything on jan 15th as bernie sander &apos;s has asked ?
maraming salamat ! congresswoman gabbard for supporting senator sanders .
sen. warren , thank you for saying it exactly how it is !
if she can &apos;t share her opinion publicly before tuesday , i &apos;m all in with bernie !
then tell the pharmaceutical lobby to stfu and stop pandering to them .
good luck and thank you senator .
i promise you , it could be overcome with less medication if the drs weren &apos;t getting paid to prescribe every new drug a hot rep pitches to them !
war on drugs - create an over crowded prison system with no solution or lessening in site .
what a big baby those tears where bull shit get over it trump won you and rest of party has gone to far to left
i love the okanogan regions in the fall and sailing the san juans in the summer .
we need to end plea bargains and stayed sentences for repeat and violent offenders .
how does it cost to buy your vote now we know be the change corey don &apos;t take the change .
at least al franken and others are trying to make a gesture !
careful now , recently i read news reports that one of hillary clinton &apos;s top possible vp picks is for deregulating big banks ... given your endorsement of hrc , how would you react to that ?
moving all the cancelling mail to minneapolis is really delaying service .
according to the nysboe , out of 673,111 votes cast in new york county , an astounding 90.3 % were cast for anybody &quot; other than &quot; trump .
citizens do not have an issue with legal immigration senator bennet ... unlike you they just want to insure everyone who enters is properly vetted to prevent radical islamic terrorists or other inappropriate individuals from entering and wrecking havoc and killing our citizens , especially the children .
yo cory big pharma tho
keep fighting the good fight , mark .
a great big salute ~ to our public law enforcement , firefighters , nurses , teachers &amp; every hard working union member , for believing-in &amp; keeping the american dream alive ~
we are in for 4 years of witch hunting muslims , jews , african americans , gays , and women .
i also am disapointed in your negative comments about your colleague , bernie sanders .
just have to turn off your notifications- it &apos;s like a wife beater advocating for women &apos;s rights !
there is no one like you , other than bernie sanders that &apos;s been the voice of the suffering american people against the oligarchy we now have .
i didn &apos;t see you crying after san bernadino , florida , or any of the other domestic terrorism murders ... yet you fake crying over something even obama did ? ? ?
if she was the one firing the gun ... then i think kyrsten should call again for another vote on gun control legislation
dear cory , , it is not clear too many gaps , , , the machine was launchine del mud , , the dark hand in all votes
you &apos;re the best tammy , you deserved the win .
happy thanksgiving to you and you family too .
the bill extended its reach to gays and native americans .
thank you jackie from the bottom of my heart .
i am not from minnesota , but let me thank you and amy for doing an outstanding job for your country !
if it &apos;s a choice between clinton or trump i will take trump over her everytime .
you represent the new generation of women who are powerful and determined .
thank you , from a californian who agrees .
as usual the liberal democrats in nys get it wrong .
and we need you to pass gun reform laws !
even if i live abroad , and am merely an absentee voter , i follow your work closely and am very grateful for what you have accomplished .
&quot; the media is hiding from you that trump crushed hillary in the electoral college ( ec ) .
ed , you are part of the problem .. not supporting bernie who lost mass .
thank you for the great job you &apos;ve done from day one congresswoman pelosi !
as do you lt. col. duckworth ! ! !
we just left the state of minnesota .
please vote no ?
thanks al , already done .
we &apos;re potentially losing our total hatchery runs as well as permanent rights to oregon water without scientific studies , or even public input !
william , until elizabeth warren is sworn in !
sen. klobuchar ( d-mn ) is an ahh-mazing senator , representing my home state of minnesota ! !
trump isn &apos;t a threat to the working man .
god willing , we &apos;ll have a strong , progressive replacement for you available by 2020. you refused to represent the majority of coloradans .
not a political statement , a feeling of compassion and concern .
she is too busy worried about her image with the democratic leadership to care about all the constituents of the ! st district .
uphold &gt; vermont gmo law - respecting our right to know what &apos;s in the food we buy .
we need voter id laws .
lets all keep up the fight against hatred and bigotry and everything else this country stands for .
you must realize that there are so many who cannot afford their medication even with the help of insurance !
please join rep john lewis in boycotting this russian sympathizer - you must have a sense of morality !
please form a truth squad with bernie and other like- minded federal officials and call out whoever wins when dark actions occur in the next administration .
furthermore , ms. day ... i will find a way to share your disrespect for our servicemen and veterans so that people know the ceo / publisher of kentuckiana healthfitness &amp; kentuckiana healthy woman magazines do not share the values of the people of kentuckiana that honor our veterans .
my concern is that trump may be berlusconi .
carolshea-porter thank you for taking a stand against hate .
our society is becoming more violent with more and more people resorting to violent means to resolve daily conflicts .
but , amy , thank you for helping to send the stock prices of gun manufacturers through the roof !
either bernie or hillary are better choices for our country !
what i find so amazing is that the dnc has been telling all the democrats that they would be voting for hillary c for president in 2016 for the last 4 years .
senator wyden , went aren &apos;t we doing this ?
dear amy klobuchar .
thank you also for taking part in the fight for equality for all our citizens !
why do you hate me earl .
what &apos;s even more pathetic is senate democrats who won &apos;t go to conference .
none of these criminals give a shit about working class americans !
thank you so much for protecting women &apos;s rights to health care !
happy new year kamala !
notice all these shootings occur in gun free zones .
our leaders need to speak out against racism and somehow relinquish this &quot; mantra &quot; that only black lives matter and pursue that all lives matter .
ashley , i really long for a sanders / warren ticket !
ok amy , how do we get boehner to get back to washing ton and do smething ? ?
colleen - i think it would be a mistake to attempt a general theory of liberalism in this forum .
fight jeanne fight !
do you favor making the tax code equal for single people and married people ?
happy new year , senator .
goofey elizabeth warren
so senator jeanne shaheen , you care more about the people in other countries than you do for people in the united states ?
you &apos;re a true statesman , mr franken .
where was your conscience when you sided with republicans and voted against all the people in regards to prescription medications ? ?
our collective silence in the face of great injustice is our own death sentence .
happy thanksgiving to the tester family from the mohney family .
mahalo senator for standing up for hawaii farmers , food producers and consumers .
thank you al for fighting the good fight !
if she had , your opposition to sessions could have been written off as sour grapes instead of social justice .
&quot; hi my name is corey booker and i vote against cheaper medicine costs and since 2011 i have received $ 385,000 from big pharam . &quot;
thank you for the work you do to represent the interests of minnesota .
where does amy stand on this .
we want a democracy
provide everyone who needs it access to mental health services without limit
please push for peace talks between both sides .
please do not support pipa or sopa .
your voices of your personal stories of mental illness will force the change .
brexit , and dt whats next ?
i thought that she was a class act !
i met a young woman recently at fedex , she was crying , i asked if she was okay , if i could help her in any way .
i love you , amy .
thank you senator schumer for standing firm on justice for all
diversity kills .
no wonder mr welch you and your crooks made sure you did not have to have it .
stop preventing access to low cost drugs
bullying in schools has increased because of trump and woman have and are being denigrated .
from one jersey boy to another , keep up the good work and thank you !
thank you for opposing inappropriate cabinet nominees .
you &apos;ve taken enough money from big pharma , you can afford them .
funding to end violence against women is in jeopardy .
elizabeth , thanks for this sweet story .
ty senator for your work on behalf of hawaii n the country .
thank you senator booker for speaking up for what &apos;s right !
remember san bernardino !
senator , links are nice , what the vast majority of ct and us citizens want to see from you is action .
the whole point of an electoral college is so that city centers ( a majority of which vote democrat ) don &apos;t have an overwhelming power to elect and are therefore over-represented .
cory booker is a goddamn national treasure .
trump &apos;s tweets about mr. lewis were disrespectful and out of line during this holiday weekend .
good for you lloyd .
if this is how you feel debbie then why are you asking us to support hillary clinton when bernie sanders along with elizabeth warren is shouting from the highest rooftops to stop this and mrs. clinton is remaining silent .
bernie sanders asked benranke who he loaned $ 2 trillion to interest free and bernanke refused to answer !
i think this is the first time i &apos;ve ever disagreed with senator warren .
this act would prevent federal student loan interest rates from doubling .
i am proud to have you represent me , and completely echo your sentiments .
you can &apos;t say that you want to unite the country and not attend the inauguration .
&quot; but the integrity of our democracy is more important than any individual election &quot; then why did the dnc rig the primary in hillary &apos;s favor ?
thanks amy for all that you do for your people .
in fact bernie took some of the heat off hillary when he spoke about the emails !
proud to have voted for you kamala harris !
you &apos;re a good man , mr. booker but , just for today , i will be curling up .
he is laughing at you mocking you .. rise above his bullying and fight fight for all of us please he is unfit to lead
and bernie is his greatest partner destroying the democrats and their chances for white house .
jill stein and greg palast have a video proving that thousands of minority votes were destroyed in in michigan , wisconsin , pennsylvania .
thank you for listening to our voice and supporting a stronger agreement the ensures the safety of our country .
thanks for standing up for students and those of us with student loan debt mark !
please join us saturday for the woman march in seattle .
i will leave the democratic party if there are added restrictions put into this bill on a woman &apos;s right to choose - this is not the change i voted for .
you and hillary get together and decide who wants to be president and who is vice president .
this behavior exhibited by trump is nothing new .
what &apos;s this i hear about the republican submitting a proposal very similar to the democratic proposal that was voted down by the democrats .
thank you for this senator bennet .
two days away for senator elect elizabeth warren and 4 more years for our great president barack obama !
stay on this issue elizabeth .
right on ms warren ! ! !
were you concerned about international influence with all the foreign nations making multi-million dollar donations to the clinton fund when hillary was running ?
gun violence in this state is on the way up and gov .
ms. benzin , my 8th grade pe teacher , inspired me to become a pe teacher !
like i heard one other guy say amy , all the children of all you shot callers in the politics of war should be on the front lines when you decide you want war ! !
everything trump is mean spirited .
glad i moved out of oregon .
we can always depend on you amy .
the political skills needed to organize , operate , finance a successful political party may be beyond those so negative &amp; lacking in grace .
bravo for standing against the bullies elizabeth warren !
how many greatest hits albums of the same greatest hits of classic rock groups can you own ?
you are promoting violence for your own political gain .
hillary needed that dynamic for her campaign .
thank you for your integrity , congressman alcee l. hastings .
very nice keith joshua jon
# neverhillary # revolution # stillsanders
the president needs to address why he continues to scapegoat the mentally ill in gun legislation and then hold a national conference on mental illness to degstigmatize it .
we need to have accurate labeling of our foods and ingredients .
love elizabeth warren and i &apos;ve just shared her post : - )
trump will beat hillary ! !
are there no admins on this page to block these stupid right wing trolls and their fox-inspired whining ?
drugs ?
i know that that so much is happening so quickly , but what actions are the democratic congressional members planning on taking to reverse this horrible and scary decision ?
after you accepted tpp bribe money , help us , jared .
agree moratorium now earl
senator wyden , thank you for publicly denouncing steve bannon as trump &apos;s choice as chief strategist .
we &apos;ve all seen the donations you &apos;ve received from big pharma companies , so we already clearly understand where your loyalties lie , and it &apos;s not with the american people .
we will not turn back the clock 100 years on women &apos;s rights .
thank you congresswoman chu for representing and advocating on behalf of the api community .
bs and of course silence on hillary
how about endorsing bernie , liz ?
wished i lived in ma because i would vote for you !
turn down for drumpf
it is not right that the billionaires who support democrats , republicans , tea party , green party or independents have such a strong influence on our democracy through superpacs .
you have disgraced the state of nh and its people .
corporate profits , after taxes are also at all-time highs .
it &apos;s the democratic party
michael anthony flores the majority of the protest has been peaceful .
thanks for all your hard work representing &quot; all &quot; of us in the great state in michigan .
it is crazy that all of the democratic senators are acting like children , we teach our children that it is wrong to not stand up for themselves .
mark udall is against sopa and pipa .
that was a poor choice , mrs. warren .
i sincerely hope that the dem delegates give their support to bernie sanders .
thank you amy i agree
however , please also fiercely advocate a means to return industry to this country that is something other than perpetual war .
happy groundhogs day , chuck .
linda bridges , rip
have a great day kyrsten .
also , i never thought i would see the words franken and wise in the same sentence without a not in there .
love to see her debate al
thank you elizabeth , you are an inspiration , and i look forward to your presidential run in the future .
hey claire , how did you vote on the dark act ?
we are so fortunate to have you as our congressperson !
you talking about the myth of global warming made me sick , and your praise for hillary , one of the most evil women in history , was embarrassing !
amy i thought you were better than believe the shi this woman had to say .
etc etc ...... his supporters are not the violent protesters ..... do you see them at anybody else &apos;s rallys ?
it is racist ignorant people like you that continue to divide the nation .
i don &apos;t see brown people , mexicans or illegals ... i just see people who don &apos;t have the resources to migrate legally and are desperate for a better life .
remember who our enemies are elizabeth .
boeing got the contract , we &apos;re the healthiest state in the union in terms of folks taking good care of themselves and gary locke is ambassador !
as always congressman rev. , beautifully spoken .
no thanks to snyder
my brother has mental illness .
nancy is doing the old democratic thing ... watch and comment and do nothing .
debbie , please do not be a minion for monsanto .
is anyone ele in congress as committed and creative as al ?
senator murray , you must know about agenda 21. what can e do to stop this ?
i am a bernie supporter .
thank you congress woman for working toward making this an evermore perfect union and defending us from food borne illnesses .
and hillary is cleaner ?
fuck shumer you old bastard ! ! !
the nra will be able to sell more guns .
he thanked lbj for civil rights legislation but still prodded , pushed and called him out for the slowness of pace and the vietnam war .
and i heard donald trump speak and act .
happy happy birthday governor !
hope that bill includes the fraud that trump and staff are perpetrating on seniors .
i am so glad to have you as my representative .
@ thomas hall senator donnelly is a democrat , not a republican .
we need a militia to destroy any buildings of nestle in oregon ..
if you want to remain a free country and once again be the standard of modern democratic nations , bernie is our only hope .
thank you louise slaughter .
as a constituent , i urge you to not attend his inauguration , and to oppose all of his appointees , including sessions .
thank you , senator schemer .
nancy - keep brian open so you can see how batshit crazy he really is .
i hope that you are planning to run for president cory !
they are not about abortion they are about making good and safe choices related to woman &apos;s health care .
thank you for trying to be the voice of reason in these troubling times .
the episode had shown cohen show his true and nasty character , so like the fascist pig he is , he abused his power .
focus on serious mental illness ( smi ) often relying on observation and questioning .
she also lies to the people and the fbi some great democracy we have : (
it has been shown at the democratic national committee has acted like scurrilous dogs in their treatment of bernie .
the idea that boeing is a local business is silly .
appreciate you from palm desert , california ! !
well said al , any one of us would have done anything for him .
congrats , senator kaine .
love your sass , senator warren !
fight this insane president and all he does with all you have in you , sen. schumer .
thank you for your tribute to harry reid and the work you do for the state of mn .
based upon the advice of a chief legal officer friend of mine in the loop , we fired peter .
what are congressional democrats planning to do about steve bannon &apos;s appointment to national security council and the removal of the joint chiefs of staff ?
we are fighting for guns .
why the silence for months ?
trump is a national embarrassment as are his ignorant , racist , mysogynistic uninformed followers .
wyden can deal with these types without catching something .
now how about minnesota gets rid of the hag from anoka .....
signed hilary clinton
i &apos;m with you all the way mr. yarmuth .
i do not like anything about elizabeth warren or barack obama .
i for one , am not at all confident that she will lead us in a progressive direction .
don &apos;t let your fellow democrats just roll over like they always do .
drumpf is the perceived immediate threat , but about the reps and senators that have been practicing much the same for years now .
it &apos;s called being illegal , being a criminal , being a unwelcome guest in the united states bennet .
remember 4 men died in benghazi , she and bill were broke , emails , whitewater , special interest groups and wall street
now he &apos;s crying and it &apos;s the end of the world ... it &apos;s for 90 days and the faster you get off your butt and give him his cabinet the faster he can do his job .
we are orlando proud !
crap mental health care but great guns , that &apos;s us
thank you for what you &apos;re doing &lt; 3
cory , still cannot get over your pharma vote .
you &apos;re my hero , congresswoman !
@ ed - maybe that thought gives you the warm and fuzzies that you seek , but that won &apos;t happen here .
ensure that break up of big banks to help secure a financial sound future for everyone .
democrats preach love for all and respect ; yet , elizabeth warren clearly imitates most americans in this post : a self-righteous name-caller .
i am in new mexico but am glad you are senator in ma
you and every other democrat who votes for big pharma will never receive sympathy from me for any reason whatsoever .
your support means so much and i am truly grateful for all of your hard work !
go for it , congressman gerry connolly !
thanks for all of your hard work representing us .
how cool would it be for the first female president was from minnesota !
senator ron wyden of oregon may join with the republican majority in the senate in passing fast track .
stop the tpp !
trump &apos;s comments on abortion and use of nuclear weapons blew him up for me
i will only be voting for politicians that openly support mr. sanders .
happy birthday to a beautiful human being in ever respect and in particular , thank you for having the character and courage for coming out for our man , berniesanders !
what made you vote to keep the cost of meds ridiculously high for this country &apos;s sick people ?
( tax returns uniformly made public ) act were signed into law , new york &apos;s electors would not be able to vote for the candidate who did not comply .
stronger together .
hey you are a representative of the people and the people want bernie sanders .
thank you , senator gillabrand !
get it on patty
rape # 2 : denying american women reproductive freedom .
&quot; nay d schakowsky , jan il 9th &quot; thank you for your nay vote !
monica lewinsky tears up during speech about life after bill clinton https : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = _ 95gcvrqtzy .................................................................... hillary clinton is totally sick , needs just recovered in psychiatry .
please fight to keep social security and medicare .
sessions is who we need in this presidential cabinet .
the holiday celebrated is christmas ..........
every democrats should take economics and entrepeneurship 101. democrats also should take more fish oil ; it helps memory brain cells : president obama stated in november that any new program , including &quot; extending unemployment benefits &quot; should be paid by cutting expenses .
... : seditious conspiracy ( 18 u.s.c.
elizabeth warren is the bigger , uglier threat ......
i had so much hope for bernie and was let down , i thought long and hard about hillary and knew i could trust you and bernie to hold her to what she said she would do and now i &apos;m just blown away .
check youtube out for what senator warren said about hilliary and credit card debt .
please do what you can to stop the greed of trump and his unethical cronies .
elizabeth warren for president - 2020 ! ! ! ! !
please represent the people who elected you , support sanders .
trump spoke out often about jobs leaving the us , which has been felt deeply by those living in the more rural parts of the country .
this is terribly frightening .
and where were you &amp; the obama epa senator stabenow while all of this was going on in the midst of the meltdown financially of the city of flint ?
could it be the $ 500,000 monsanto contributed to her campaign ?
great work again amy .
now , if you could get your fellow democrats who voted yes on this issue to pull their heads out of their behinds , that would be good !
mahalo ~
cory booker : another neo-liberal disaster
we support you , patty !
i was on anna little &apos;s campaign team .
sir ) i have to tell you that as part of my social media activity ( in a typical day diverse issues are covered ... ) i quoted bill clinton &apos;s convention speech regarding russia ... and i &apos;m getting some heavy-handed push-back ... the usual death threats and all that rubbish .
earl blumenauer - thanks for your concern about the nestle water grab .
mahalo tulsi , for supporting bernie , there are 70 % 0f your constituents who will not forget that you have listened to us ! !
i did build my business elizabeth dances with wolves .
i voted for you and i thank you sen. harris !
more lies from hillarys puppets
we need you ms. warren !
gee , i thought warren was a trump fan
the point with the hobby lobby case is not being seen the way it was desided !
she &apos;s fake
thanks elizabeth .
we also need to work on mental health and drug abuse issues - look at the person , not just the weapon .
i have created a page to support my effort to start a write-in campaign for elizabeth warren for the 2016 new hampshire democratic primary .
canada selling unsafe drugs to their citizens ?
and what do we do with the out and out bigotry his campaign made acceptable ?
thank you so much senator warner ! !
the folks in san antonio are so very fortunate to have you as a representative !
we were looking forward to a warren - sanders ticket , talk about a dream team !
we must speak up and speak out about this and not let false claims of racism or bigotry be used to intimidate us into silent assent .
thank you for your positive comments each day .
as dissapointed as i am with congresman defazio &apos;s vote on this issue , i still believe he is more progressive than most , and still deserves our vote .
endorse bernie sanders then : )
warren &amp; sanders are both true progressives , she wasn &apos;t attacking hrc .
i support decriminalizing all recreational drugs and selling them at low cost to addicts via prescription .
thank you congressman ellison for standing by your principles .
i urge you to listen with an open mind to a fact-filled , but uncomplicated talk given by a mother and former food analyst about these gmo foods that 64 other nations of this earth label and 38 ban .
thank you ms speier !
claire mccaskill ( d-mo . )
when little debbie bans you from speaking on her other facebook page because you called her out .
did anyone see how little hillary lost by in those 3 important states ?
of course one of your favorite &quot; common sense &quot; proposals was in play &quot; the gun free zone . &quot;
trump has filed for the 2020 election already , so it &apos;s technically election season again !
congratulations , senator duckworth .
senator chris coons , i hope you will endorse u.s. senator bernie sanders in 2016. delaware has always been at the forefront of true progressive change and supporting senator sanders would send a strong message that delawareans want a government for the people , not monied interest .
trump supporters hate me .
please keep leading the senate to block these unqualified parties and work with your colleagues to overturn this hateful ban .
well said , liz
i agree peter .
no more war , amy .
still , sir , the voters of illinois are counting on you and senator duckworth to fight these insane nominations .
thank you for your hard work patty murray .
well amy klobuchar , maybe you should follow her example ?
big pharma and wall st rejoice at this scotus decision .
b ... get people working at good paying jobs again , not service industry minimum wage jobs .
maxine waters and john lewis stood silently while watching obama subvert our constitution day after day .
good luck peter , we need to get the members of congress to understand that this planet is a ticking time bomb and we need alternatives to oil and big corporations .
prime minister al maliki didn &apos;t work with all iraqis equally .
trump is your new president .
forget the nra rhetoric ; people with guns kill people .
what you fail to realize here , elizabeth warren , is that the people have for far too long been the losers because of failing , incompetent , politics-as-usual nonsense .
i know one vet whose life was saved just because he told the patient advocate , &quot; i &apos;m going to contact carol congresswoman carol shea-porter &quot; and waved abby &apos;s card .
you just killed any chance of being a 2020 canidate .
when trump is elected president a woman will take over his billion dollar empire in his absence .
dems use this photo to attack trump &apos;s ban ... then internet reveals it has zero to do with trump http : / / conservativetribune.com / dems-use-this-photo-to-attack / ? utm _ source = facebook &amp; utm _ medium = conservativetribune &amp; utm _ content = 2017-01-31 &amp; utm _ campaign = manualpost
does not look like amy of these yahoo &apos;s on office care about anything other than promoting themselves ! ! !
vote warren !
sincerely , sandy from delaware
wow a democrat ranting about a republican .... yawn .
amy , make real headlines by backing bernie !
shame on you elizabeth , i thought you didn &apos;t like cheaters .
what a joke , kyrsten already had my vote , but now i hope everyone sees parker &apos;s true light !
john lewis is a disgrace .
facebook live : joining senators hirono , stabenow , markey and senator-elect van hollen in the capitol to call on trump to denounce the tide of hatred he has unleashed across the nation with his deeply divisive campaign .
let &apos;s fight for income equality - which will help all americans and our economy too .
you are bought and paid for by the pharmaceutical industry .
6 / 15 michael beaver , white male , murdered by black male .
what else would you expect freaky frank to say-- he is nothing but an empty talking head .
if that is the case i guess we better be careful that mr. pallone does not violently assault us for asking questions like his associate mr. etheridge does .
trump has a very large following of all minority groups , so who does rich , white , old ms. warren think she &apos;s speaking for .
i can only say that an action like that is potentially deadly force , and deserves an quick , appropriate , and equal response to prevent injury and / or damage to police officers and public property !
from the new york city chapter of the national lawyers guild : _ breaking news – judge orders protesters be allowed back in park with their belongings _ by admin , for immediate release : november 15 , 2011 http : / / nlgnyc.org / 2011 / 11 / 15 / press _ rel _ libert /
booker = rx = $ $ $ $ $ $ $ 😡
i have a guest coming into town from san diego who would like to attend .
the current , retiring head of the cia has stated that he &apos;ll do everything possible to block trump .
debbie , did you congratulate the msu women &apos;s basketball team on their big ten championship ?
and yours about hispanics aren &apos;t racist craig ?
thank you , senator klobuchar , for the willingness to listen to any good idea .
trump doesn &apos;t need you , your ugliness or your a hate-filled propaganda !
debbie we are looking forward to seeing you and john in 11 days on the 21th of nov . , at the festival of trees and are proud to honor you both for all your hard work !
latino , native american , and african american voters in new mexico who favored kerry by two to one were five times more likely to have their ballots spoiled and discarded in districts supervised by republican election officials .
you should be protesting and speaking loudly against it .
people need help with meds and food .
it is my sincere hope that the democrats obstruct everything he proposes just as repugnicans did to my president for the last 8 years .
donald trump is scary for me .
i know , i know ... but the democratic party has some work to do .
so , sen. warren , you &apos;re arguing we should vote hillary clinton in november because , &quot; hey , she &apos;s not as batshit crazy as trump ! &quot;
very well said jon .
unfortunately , senator wyden has sold out to corporate interests .
is anyone looking into why the orlando shooter &apos;s dad was standing right behind hillary at s dnc rally today ?
amy , we love you ! ! !
amy for president -- 2016 !
happy new year , senator casey and staff !
i &apos;m sure frank pallone &apos;s jewish constituency would have a real hard time being &quot; tolerant &quot; of frank pallone &apos;s promotion of an organization who &apos;s logo is a swastika .
thank you so much joe donnelly
i beg you senator warren , voice your open support for senator sanders now before it is too late .
don &apos;t hold your breath , amy .
the best students can hope for is a currency collapse .
you are so good amy !
thanks a lot for keeping the high prescription prices mark !
thank u cory booker
i am very happy to hear that boston is recovering .
hillary wants women to sign up for selective service .
lets go kamala you got this we need you in that office
and to you and yours al !
mike is also running against rick larsen .
amy ask north dakota !
and may a big oak tree fall on your dumb ass
i notice there has been not one comment in reply to all the queries as to why she voted no on bernie sanders &apos; bill .... shame on you ms. shaheen , shame .
isn &apos;t it wonderful how trump can turn every thing that happens into a nasty , bigoted response for his base ?
warren for president 2016 ! ! ! !
they bomb airliners killing innocents and use poison gas killing men , women and children , bomb and shell civilian neighborhoods .
mrs warren , thank you for your thoughts .
andrew sprang , i would expect one who made your statement to understand when someone is talking popular vote not electoral votes .
i think the court got the vote right , but is it just possible to think they got it wrong and still think that hobby lobby is a good company ?
thanks for being an advocate for our women in uniform and a leader for reproductive justice !
thank you so much for advocating for mental health .
i &apos;m so glad she &apos;s relieved .. now my husband and i have to decide whether we pay our rent and buy food or pay the tax for not being able to afford health insurance ... if we could afford it we &apos;d have it ... but hey ... we &apos;re screwed ... glad she &apos;s so relieved
happy birthday from ohio
no different in nj !
ty sen. debbie , we wish you and yours a happy and blessed easter also .
the only thing truthful and sincere about dick durbin is his first name
and i &apos;m sure some kkk wing nut will find a way to both disagree and call me names which will only prove to further highlight the horror of the situation .
dear senator , thank you for your service .
thank you , patty , for going to bat for all the little guys !
i think ew hates successful people and wants everyone to have exactly the same life .
the diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders , fourth edition ( dsm-iv ) classifies psychotic illnesses as &quot; psychosis due to general medical conditions &quot; , and &quot; substance induced psychosis &quot; .
tax increases , deficit increases , lacknof support of womens rights .
hillary lost cuz she sucked , not bc of russia
being a true conservative i do not care for trump but to see here that warren says trump incites violence hits me as a pathetic joke .
but you will feel so safe there knowing no guns are available !
the american people who are desperate for cheaper healthcare needed a hero - you chose to keep being a corporate hack and voted against the best interests of the people .
yes amy , you go girl .
bernie sanders will take trump out
come on lizzy get over yourself .
ron , i am so proud to have you as my senator .
warren for potus ! ! ! !
in discussing gun reform ( which i agree with ) , you talked about &quot; crazy &quot; people not being allow to get guns .
what about your vote agains cheaper prescription medicine ? ? ?
your former cpa , sherry jackson , needs your help .
there will be no justice for minorities with jeff sessions .
your full of crap , kirsten
canadians look pretty healthy to me .
consumers have a right to know what food products are gmo or not .
&quot; in the 1920s industrial philosophy of henry ford , and father coughlin &apos;s fascist doctrine in the 1930s , producerism fused with antisemitic attacks against &quot; parasitic &quot; jews .
i think debbie and sander should leave with him .
i think you already are a senate leader , amy !
lyin &apos; liz and her line of bs
hi niki tsonga , please sign the mcgovern and frank s lettter to president obama to lead the multilateral action for tibet .
thank you-
thank you for standing up for equality and against bigotry
jeanne thompson-raney you got it right .
happy birthday and thank you for your work in congress .
senator blumenthal - is janet woodcock , md , director of fda guilty of medical malpractice ?
i wish you had joined john lewis in protesting the inauguration .
thank you , senator wyden , for standing up for all americans .
why am i not surprised debbie
i don &apos;t recall how many interviews i saw where a woman would vote for any other woman .
mr. schumer , it is really time to declare this regime an enemy of the state .
al , please ignore the haters .
give he &apos;ll earl
we need a progressive economic policy .
i love elizabeth warren but i support the pipeline too .
&quot; senator elizabeth warren ; you need to come out now and fully endorse hillary clinton .
my outrage against vw is on par with my outrage when i heard you sided with a minnesota company ( swans ) to get pizza to be classified as a vegetable for school lunches .
watching your over-the-top reaction on tv it reminded me of a scene where someone was trying to steal andrew jackson slaves .
we support and applaud you congresswoman !
you are awesome amy ! !
go , senator franken ! !
people with mental or emotional challenges are not &quot; disabled &quot; colleen , they just have to deal with realities a bit differently than others .
thank you , for everything you do .
thanks , amy , but i &apos;m wondering if mylan &apos;s penalty will mean that they greatly reduce their price for this and all other drugs that are greatly overpriced .
but this has been an unforgettable year of police violence toward black people .
yes elizabeth warren you are by far the best out spoken senator going for us .
you had ample opportunity to back and even join with sanders and you would have led a coalition of devoted progressives and set fire to the electorate .
yeah , that &apos;s nice nancy .
so proud of you , and so grateful to have you in the senate .
thanks for always looking out for your constituents debbie
only corporations and banks get bailouts .
so proud to have been able to vote for you !
what our rep keith ellison is doing to stop race based genocide in libya where black people being hunted , hanged , lynched , and tortured by the so called &quot; tnc &quot; militia supported , propped by obama adminstration + rep ellison &amp; cbc and many other so called libs excluding rep jackson of il ?
he needs to do more , al , this is just a token , but sends a message and is definitely a step in the right direction !
thank you for that commitment to work hard .
since you seem privy to information that us &quot; regular &quot; people seem to lack , explain this for all of us : you claim that drugs sold in other countries , but made by the exact same drug companies , might be a safety risk .
so endorse bernie elizabeth .
you have repeatedly voted in favor of corporate donors and lobbyists .
no more donald ... thank you elizabeth !
nearly half of wisconsin voters were denied a reliable hand recount , largely in under-resourced communities of color , the very places voting machines are most likely to fail .
greetings for a grand day to you and yours , as well !
colleen - when &apos;s the last time you owned a mortgage banking business ?
celebrate strong women !
i love what this said when i selected like : &quot; likecommentshare chronological you , bernie sanders and 44,267 others like this .
what the hell is a nazi lowrider lol racist people suck !
i like that bernie is concerned about income inequality and he talks about what &apos;s wrong with all of this i get it but what is he going to do about it ?
bye bye patty , couldn &apos;t come soon enough you sell out
with all due respect , elizabeth , what she has going for her is that she &apos;s not donald trump -- that &apos;s about it .
the kkk actually backed hilary .
how many tens of thousands of annual deaths in the us due to gun violence is a contribution from the nra to a congressman worth ?
democrats - obama federalized all student loans .
al you &apos;ve become just another warmongering corporatist , dying to fulfill the hegemonic cfr agenda of world dominance !
umm , donna , i don &apos;t know where you got that amtrak is run by the government .
i owe my current level of interest and knowledge ( waaaay better than it used to be ) in politics and current events to jon stewart .
every gun in the hands of criminals was once owned by a licensed gun owner .
get off your back , elizabeth warren .
kind of like your position on more gun laws .
blacks continue to this day to be disproportionately disadvantaged by mass immigration policies , pushing more of them into unemployment and welfare-dependent poverty .
so glad i left ny so you don &apos;t represent me .
like some former comedian turned elder statesman i know ... ... just gotta figure out who your audience is , and how to reach them ( whether they &apos;re already on your side or not . )
trump scares the hell outa me !
thank you senator amy klobuchar
very well put and clever also .... gets the readers attention ... something about todays fillibuster rules &apos; needs pruned &apos; so also new laws seeking to come thru can at least get some attention , , , , we could forseeably become more progressive
it takes real courage to face the nra and insane right wing of the gop !
thank you , rep. bonamici !
good for you , kirsten , says this wac veteran and retired army wife .
thank you for looking to protect us from unsafe pharmaceutical drugs and please continue to look for a safe way to lower the costs of the real ones .
let &apos;s get the president to &quot; come out &quot; for some gun control , if anyone can get his hear on this on , its you madam attorney general .
please explain to us just why you dems won &apos;t treat everyone the same .
female veterans united for you tammy duckworth
watch this video , the parents met and fell in love in minnesota .
thank you for your service to ct. i appreciate that you have written to explain your decision , but this is not an election that should be normalized .
( especially with reauthorization of the higher ed act this year )
what you said at the senate vote against gmo labeling , made me rethink who you really are .
hey chuck do us a favor and stand up straight when you talk to drumpf and stop genuflecting this peice of shit ...
instead she could of catapulted bernie or # jillstein .
thanks for voting on the record that you &apos;re not a progressive so we know for 2020. the prescription drugs are just as safe in canada as they are in america .
where is the money coming from frank ?
they really tired to destroy you kyrsten and couldn &apos;t do it . ! ! !
amy , you &apos;re going down .
you &apos;d be great if bernie wins nomination and especially great for hillary that will help with transition of bernie supporters !
keep fighting for us , senator chuck schumer !
happy new year kamala d harris
trump has been a democrat his whole life and has given the clintons countless sums of money .
warren continued to quote senator kennedy , who led the case to demean and destroy senator sessions .
as far as protesting goes , i did that on november 8th .
speak up patty !
make bernie sanders the voice , and dems the chorus , and make it seahawk loud .
i don &apos;t live in oregon anymore , but i &apos;m very happy my home state has the best pair of senators in the country - because sens .
senator schumer , thank you .
cory booker , you seem to only be a progressive when there &apos;s no money involved .
has the senate pass equal parenting time for fahter rights ?
carper is a scam
please enact sensible gun control , that bans military-style weapons and provides better tracking of guns and their purchasers .
as usual the order of the day is chaos , yes old chucky is the minority leader that could , , , , could cause trouble , yes open wide for chuckie .
she &apos;s unfit for the job !
hillary can bite me .
we need to make sure that bernie sanders becomes our next potus so that we the people can work with him to bring these and other much needed changes to our political systems .
thank you elizabeth warren for fighting for what was right .
mrs warren , i loved you once .... my feelings are a little mixed up now .... you gave us hope that a progressive agenda could grow and thrive in america , but you stood by while the establishment threw everything at us and damaged if not destroyed the progressive movement .
louise slaughter ignore the pathetic trolls on your page , they have no life if they have to watch the feeds in order to attack you and call you names , feel bad for them , sad lives they lead , ignorant lives .
she &apos;s a true expert about protecting americans from injustice .
&quot; conflicts of the past instead of the realities of today &quot; kinda like the failed drug war with cannabis illegal only due to politics , please use your logic and rethink your support of prohibition .
happy thanksgiving cheri
the austin va clinic is so incredibly empty .
this is why bernie needs to win .
rt @ politicalticker &quot; massachusetts takes aim at federal definition of marriage &quot; - http : / / tinyurl.com / nwr744 -- points out that not allowing same-sex marriage denies state from getting medicade payments for those people
chuck - either acquaint yourself with the 10th amendment or reaquaint yourself with it .
best dem choice is , unfortuantely , hillary .
i never here of anyone dying in canada from non abuse of prescription drugs .
thank you patty for all that you an d all you are doing for us unemployed .
thank you for standing up for working families &amp; our michigan farmers .
yas elizabeth
senator murray , thank you so much for all that you do !
rip , marge , and thank you ! !
i love him , but he &apos;s acting like our drugs approved by the fda are 100 % safe .
us pharmaceuticals release a new drug every month with 15 different side effects that can kill you .
box 802 , slc , ut 84101 ) jlp1997 @ msn.com ---equality under all laws protects men , women and children , let that be our goal for humanity .
racism , sexism , and homophobia are not &quot; different opinions &quot; worthy of understanding or embrace , ms. sinema .
http : / / documents.latimes.com / proposition-8-gay-marriage-unconstitutional / so happy for this .
thank god we have your strong voice that will be a struggle for you in the next four years .
frankly senator durbin , i think it best for you to just sit down and not say a word because this is what we get from you democrats : http : / / blog.lowincome.org / 2013 / 07 / 12-shocking-facts-poverty-in-america.html # .um0zcbauj90
claire admitted she knew majority of missouri voters did not want h / c but she voted for it anyway .
cry me some crocodile tears chucky .
and just get the run around in mental health clinic
we don &apos;t doubt the sincerity of democratic senators who questioned the nominees , but it is starkly clear that the leadership is not mounting serious opposition .
then why the hell did you ( she ) vote against bernie &apos;s bill ? ? ? ?
professor warren : you kicked ass !
while trump is definitely not my candidate of choice he did not invite any violence .
you read my post , didn &apos;t you kyrsten sinema ?
loved your testimony against sessions , but detest your vote against americans who deserve affordable prescriptions .
it does , however , mean that there are a lot more worthy women to name the bill after - unless you think that lilly ledbetter is the only woman to suffer gender discrimination .
she &apos;s dying .
merry christmas , and happy holiday seasons for all our sisters and brothers .
that makes infinitely more sense than sanders universal free public college funded via a 1972 tobin tax .
medicare negotiated drug prices .
may also seems to be cry about my big paycheck month ... maybe you need to ask all those senior citizens in your district that may be eating catfood if they can spare a dime or two
donald trump is neither a racist nor a narcissistic person .
your strength to stand up for civil rights , economic justice and protecting mother earth gives us strength ! !
we have all been exposed to flint water !
your fake tears are as fake as your whole argument
jeez liz have a chill pill .
michigan rocks ! !
yes , senator dick durbin all of this , but you also have to fight for our public education system .
https : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = ggfitmotsok bernie needs you !
keep voting for bernie !
might that have something to do with the $ 385,000 or so big pharma has given you since 2011 ?
thank you senator for addressing this issues !
senator bennet , please vote no on sopa and pipa .
go easy there , here a seattle fan but enthusiastic warren supporter .
decent arizonans will always refuse to live in fear .
show larsen we won &apos;t vote for representatives who smugly refuse to represent their constituents !
yesterday &apos;s event was tragic and senseless event by an evil person .
this is why i &apos;m so glad you &apos;re my congressman , earl .
i am grateful , senator klobuchar !
elizabeth alinski
the fact that calfresh recipients who don &apos;t qualify for financial assistance aren &apos;t eligible for job placement or training assistance despite being unemployed doesn &apos;t help to remedy the real problem or help to eliminate the need for assistance .
john lewis is an anti american traitor racist pig just like maxine waters .. the demo cult is a terrorist organization .
try really really hard to make gun control work .
maybe someone will be motivated to be a producer so we don &apos;t end up like the roman empire best motivational speech ever !
cinemark theater , where the shooting occurred , has banned weapons at all of their theaters since at least 2009. violation of the aurora city ordinance is punishable by up to a year in jail and a $ 1,000 fine .
keith , thank you ! ! !
furthermore , your constituents , those whom you serve , are also in strong opposition of mr. bannon to any position of authority as his history of alt-right , white nationalism ( supremacy ) and misogyny have no place making decisions for our nation .
# feelthebern buddy .
go tigers , go debbie !
yes , thank you , sen wyden !
thank you for your service keith .
citizens united did not change it , it just clarified it : in general usage , a human being ; by statute , however , the term can include firms , labor organizations , partnerships , associations , corporations , legal representatives , trustees , trustees in bankruptcy , or receivers .
chuck your an idiot .
we &apos;re proud americans voting blue
all the points in your comment are so obvious to any critical thinker that it amazes me that so many people miss the point so badly .
you are such a profound presence and a terrific role model for women ~ bravo !
i know for myself , the last thing that i will be doing is watching the inauguration .
duckworth for prez .
thank you , senator gilllibrand , for fighting for our service members who have been victims of sexual assault .
you are mistaken unless you mean his presence incites democrat supporters to violence as its been shown that those are the ones causing those disturbances at his rallies .
everyone always wants to protect the cops but damn sure no one wants to talk about protecting the community from power hungry unaccountable cops .
drumpf couldn &apos;t get elected dog catcher
work hard for this , amy .
hey , its a rifle association .
richie must have a guilty conscience .
or even better , keep spewing racist remarks !
al parecer la rutina de elección será la misma .
eleanor holmes norton ( d.c. ) rep. eddie bernice johnson ( texas ) rep. barbara lee ( calif . ) rep. john lewis ( ga . ) rep. betty mccollum ( minn . ) rep. jim mcdermott ( wash . ) rep. gregory meeks ( n.y. ) rep. beto o &apos;rourke ( texas ) rep. chellie pingree ( maine ) rep. charles rangel ( n.y. ) rep. cedric richmond ( la . ) rep .
you lie , frank .
elizabeth , given everything you say about trump , which is spot on , why not make your endorsement for the democratic nominee now ?
furthermore alton was a child molester felon who was a gang member who was fighting cops with a gun with reach .
you should show your character and officially back bernie sanders ! ! ! !
texas loves lloyd doggett !
thank you tim kaine for this wisdom !
i don &apos;t understand what all of you who don &apos;t support the idea of anyone being able to marry the person they love no matter what their orientation are afraid of or angry about .
this is unacceptable behavior by an elected official .
thank you for you mr. blumenauer and the principled representatives left in washington .
african immigrants are denied employment for a variety of reasons and discriminated against .
senator warren if there is anything i as an individual can do please let me know .
dennis , posting that same hateful message repeatedly isn &apos;t going to magically bring anyone over to your side ... just saying .
appoints bannon for strategist .
i am deeply concerned when i listened to interview on npr with a women correspondent from the mideast and a russian correspondent from spudnik group , and start a shorting match and tell her its non of anyone business about trump holding in russia and american would do great things together .
thanks , joe , for helping to make life better for moms around the world !
i &apos;m sorry lizzy but i didn &apos;t hear any death threats .
don &apos;t let them into oregon .
trump needs a mental health evaluation
stop class discrimination
how about a law whereby perpetrators of this kind of mass violence be tried as domestic terrorists and they get the maximum possible sentence in supermax or gitmo , with no possibility of parole ?
lol ( : come on kamala !
we are counting g on you elizabeth to be our voice and since i live in massachusetts and voted for you i have ever confidence you will do so
keep up the good work , senator harris .
come on senator murray , give us some real reform , not sound bites !
thank you , we need you .
little bit of a double standard amy ?
it is so important otherwise so many of us seniors will be on the street begging for food !
equal pay for women
i didn &apos;t even bother calling your office because i know you are a wise man peter .
a nisqually indian and champion of tribal treaty rights for 70 years , has died in his olympia , wa -area home .
this was a misstep , cory .
we need support from ethical .congressmen and women .
the appointment of bannon is extremely disturbing , thank you for taking a stand against it .
sorry , congresswoman .
shame on wall street
we love you &lt; 3
take the big city vote of portland and eugene out of the equation and gun control will not be approved in this state .
disgusting people , can &apos;t get the picture of these poor dogs out of my head , and they are not just &apos; meat &apos; cows and sheep aren &apos;t captured from families and have to endure long hot conditions crammed into small cages before a long tortuous death .
trump is going to have your ass .
thanks for all you do , jackie .
trumps people are counting on you all to run to him as you are not happy with clinton or divide over bernie .
rick , are you planning to make the president put back all the money he took out of medicare and tricare ?
your bs crocodile tears were a joke !
as a mom to a child who receives services under idea , thank you senator !
if the democratic party is so full of integrity and promise , why are they railroading bernie ?
then we must vote for bernie .
old school montana dem !
keep their feet to the fire debbie !
it is the upstate ny people that have tears because you suck !
in researching this i &apos;ve found that there has been a quiet multi year radicalization of young white males .
voting trump and i &apos;m born from massachusetts
senator durbin , as one of your constituents i am very concerned about the overwhelming influence of money in politics today .
sad day for democracy .
schumer 2016
voter suppression anyone .
thanks for speaking &quot; truth to power &quot; elizabeth ( how telling that this phrase has been so misused &amp; maligned that it &apos;s diluted almost beyond * its &#91; use &#93; &quot; former power ) .
elizabeth warren is a person who could be an amazing president and they want to demonize her to the trumpettes in an attempt to neutralize her power with the people .
thank you kirsten gillibrand
thanks senator gillibrand !
love ya amy , you restore my faith in good americans .
how long are the democrats going to beat this dead horse ?
i am a heterosexual , married woman .
yesterday corey booker and 12 of his best friends gave you 13 reasons to walk away from a sinking ship that has no intentions of righting itself .
the people seem to be following bernie , you may want to reestablish your thinking , imho .
it &apos;s law in mn .
joseph the bible has more admonitions for heterosexuals than homosexuals ...
minnesotans do not want anyone trapping and hunting our wolves .
thank you for showing your support that can and is a difficult decision for people to make .
this is how you lose moderates rick .
today , i told a republican constituent in san ramon how luck he was to have you as his congressman !
wtf chuck
no one deserves hatred .
anyone who would actually be against her is against women , the middle class , the poor , and all disadvantaged .
everyone deserves a living wage not just those who work in federal jobs .
well i didn &apos;t vote for warren either so i don &apos;t care for her tainted opinion .
trump is not even in office yet you fear mongering alarmist witch burning infants .
mario cuomo was / is / always be the best democrat and governor ever to me .
if you really want to beat trump , you know what must be done : endorse bernie once and for all !
thank you for hearing the voices of the people you serve--not just the corporations .
thanks , al .. you rock !
she &apos;s made her decision .
free speech looks good ith storm troopers lobbing tear gas at citizens and shooting them for excercising their free speech rights .
disgusting - so happy to have you amy klobuchar and al franken representing minnesota - keep up the good work !
warren basically said she endorses sanders indirectly !
great job patty - like your approach to the &quot; cliff &quot; .
happy turkey day debbie
stand strong , cory booker !
early voting , same day / on site registration in the world greatest democracy would be a better use of state of mississippi resourses .
we will need your strength , tammy .
like your vote against the people for big pharma ?
happy birthday for all you do you really strong woman dear i love you
i &apos;m voting for bernie and supporting his campaign as best i can .
we are also so lucky you survived .
trump trump trump ! ! !
many thanks to sen. warren for acknowledging and supporting sen. sanders !
thank you , sen. wyden
you can &apos;t slam big healthcare companies and big pharma while taking their money and voting in their favor , it doesn &apos;t work like that .
dear liz , if u had only partnered w bernie early on we wouldn &apos;t hav to worry about the donald , or hillary for that matter ... u 2 r the only &quot; honest &quot; pols !
keep up the great work representing minnesota and americans in general !
government worker female progressive ideology shooting , progressive man flies plane into government building .
i moved from oregon because of the liberals .
we got your back senator jeff merkley
great teacher and all my former teachers in nigeria too ,
amy , you are always on top of the game !
hillary is worst ! !
i have no retirement left , i am homeless after chase foreclosure , no credit , state of michigan wants all of the unemployment paid back for which i was entitled when i was unemployed
thank you amy for being our voice !
i am not crazy about hillary , but i can &apos;t believe trump is the best the republicans have to offer .
save us , senator warren !
bernie beats trump by double digits in the polls !
this is why we love you ❤ ️
quinn , who boycotted obamas inauguration ?
elizabeth warren , you are my hero .
i wonder how many of you worthless bernie toons actually have a job and contribute to society - the only reason your pulling for bern is hes offering free everything youre nothing but worthless leaches begging for big government to take care of you p.s nothing is free dipshits
thank you for co-sponsoring this act .
be more of a bernie sanders type a guy and not such a pelosi lap dog .
so proud of sen. warren and speaking her mind .
so the tpp will do what for our labor laws ?
thank you for helping to keep us going , senator booker 😊
lyin lizzy is why colleges are too expensive .
the only politician from my state i donated to last year : ) if i had more i would donate to bernie sanders , he &apos;s my hero ...
hey frank , i been scrolling up and down in here but i don &apos;t seem to see where it is that you came straight out and wished everyone a happy easter .
down with brown !
dear u.s. senator al franken , i have been a devoted fan of yours since way before your election to congress .
colleen makes an error that &apos;s characteristic of the right wing : she confuses economics with morality .
i wonder if mlk would be proud of your decision to support big pharma instead of the people who can &apos;t afford their medications .
now you know who really needs your help is the minnesota orchestra .
tennesseeans will vote against their best interests so long as they &apos;re kept uneducated and ignorant .
how can you support such a regime , but then all you care about is amy and amy and amy .
no colleen , i won &apos;t take ny times &quot; off my list . &quot;
regardless of how i feel about hillary clinton and the dealings she and her husband have had in the past .
absolutely kirsten , at last the voice of reason within a group that most of the time the word &quot; reason &quot; does not apply .
and remember the governments versions of assault rifles are automatic / machine gun , unlike the single shot semi automatic civilian versions sold to us .
why does elizabeth sound like a child talking ?
thank you congresswoman slaughter .
thank you , tammy , for your service and sacrifice and for continuing to fight for and support veterans and their families .
priorities usa is not endorsing the democratic party ?
thank you senator merkley for supporting the people of the great state of oregon that need your help getting unemployment extended again .
again , i thank you for all of your work on behalf of the people !
don - no one is taking away your guns , okay ?
this comes from a woman that took a half million in contributions from the drug companies
rather have trump than hilary any day
tears are easily faked ...
hillary or bernie for this great countries commander and chief ?
disturbing how openly racist and sexist people are now comfortable to be .
frank , you need to sit down and shut up until we throw you out of office in november .
thank you for pressing this .
i &apos;m proud of my congresswoman !
it &apos;s about this simple , we the people wanted u.s. senator bernie sanders but you shoved hillary clinton down our throat .. you built that .. now own it ! !
go chellie go ! !
the vikings are not cool , however amy is ! !
you mean , the drugs produced by the pharmaceutical companies here , in the states , who donated to your campaign ?
demand hillary clinton raises the minimum wage to a living wage !
let &apos;s all expect respect of public education and organize ourselves on facebook &apos;s &quot; e cubed alliance - expecting educational excellence &quot; !
the electoral college was president in this matter because if you look at the majority of the counties in minnesota they were red .
it &apos;s about the office and a peaceful transition of power .
we don &apos;t have the money kirsten !
the road ahead for the dnc is not bright .... but pressuring bernie to endorse someone he has little / no faith in is not winning his supporters &apos; votes .
please elect someone like steve bullock the party needs the white working class democrats and bullock bests represents them .
looking for excuses to feel smug in their hatred .
i appreciate your passion for tm justice .
please do all you can to resist this illegal executive order and restore democracy to our nation
i want my senator to call for action - rescind the appointment of bannon and his ilk .
@ suzanne - you couldn &apos;t be more wrong .
not buying this crock of shit excuse .
frank - are you exempt from obamacare given that you chaired the committee that wrote the original house bill ?
canadian medication looks to be much safer than what the us may have under a trump-run fda .
bernie our only hope .
at this point , bernie is only helping trump .
thank you for trying to protect women &apos;s rights .
chuck , if you spent your own money as freely as you squander the taxpayers , you &apos;d be in debtors prison .
as a lifelong resident of california and one of your constituents , i strongly urge you to be on the right side of history by boycotting the inauguration .
if israeli women can help defend their country , why shouldn &apos;t american women ?
call , write , text , shout or do whatever you can to let senator schumer know that his job is to protect americans not people from outside this country .
how much did pharmaceutical companies contribute to your campaign ?
please use the use the full 30 hours for debate on trump &apos;s cabinet nominees .... using the full 30 hours of debate time will prolong the confirmation process and give trump less time to implement his harmful agenda .
thank you , senator schumer , for your service .
thank you , derrick for you kind words .
they are not protesting peacefully .
so corrupt franken , if you truly wanted to defeat trump you would nominate bernie sanders .
dream on ms warren .
hey frank , how much did you charge us ( the tax payers ) for all your little stupid mailings last year ?
schumer as a jewv you should support israel or be thrown out of office .
rep speier confuses the issue , by starting her statement with a reference to semi-autos and then finishing it with a reference to ak-47s which are full auto .
i am disappointed in you senator klobuchar , for not standing up against a racist , sexist , anti-semitic bully .
i believe in you hillary !
beautiful .. merry christmas cory !
your work on womens rights is fantastic .
we are counting on you too senator wyden - don &apos;t let us down
he preached not raising middle class taxes ... im not sure about ur check but mine is def lighter ..... i live in nj our guns laws are tight enough !
help us elizabeth warren !
but elizabeth , you have to stop supporting israel , which is so horrible , and antithetical to all that we should be working toward .
answer is nobody does , boeing has the best pay in town .
go shake up the house , kyrsten !
pretty sure it &apos;s the democrats that are on the news every night in violent protest .
one of the reasons i voted for ms murray is she worked with paul ryan .
how about bernie as president and elizabeth as vp ?
no refugees in minnesota amy .
it &apos;s time for all democrats to come together and fight for hillary to become president .
warren is a co conspirator with hillary who is a wolf in sheep &apos;s clothing , obama was coming of the anti christ hillary is the arrival , if elected , she will not only destroy our country but it will far exceed that ! ! ! ! ! ! !
good for you amy - keep up the good work !
debbie , do you follow patty murray &apos;s work in the senate or our state ?
i agree senator murray .
@ bernie sanders
this is not a government that cares about the mentally ill. please , debbie , please do what you can .
keep pushing back louise .
dear senator amy klobuchar , i am very disappointed to hear that you may be supporting senator roberts &apos; undemocratic bill that violates the 10th amendment and would strip states of their rights to label genetically engineered ingredients .
in major studies in the past decade high gun ownership and especially concealed carry directly correlates to a reduced crime rate in the same geographic area .
these grounds include serious health matters , moral or criminal matters , as well as security issues .
chuck knows .
democrats have 56 members in the senate .
i don &apos;t recall any trump supporters going to a burnie or hillary rally and inciting riots , fights or blocking the first amendment rights of others
what can we do to ensure that ellison is the next chair ?
let &apos;s not forget what ms warren said about herself .... lmao she &apos;s a joke
and hillary actually carries out the threats
you typed &quot; i won &apos;t dignify or normalize those threats by standing by at his ceremony .
hilary for example is an un-american hateful witch .
amy there is no glass ceiling .
please , please , please elizabeth do something tob
i am so proud of you for standing up ( again ) and calling out on all that bs , patty !
governor , i recently move to va from mn .
a factor analysis carried out at the glasgow caledonian university found that among the big five personality traits , low agreeableness is the strongest correlate of the dark triad , while neuroticism and a lack of conscientiousness were associated with some of the dark triad members .
thank you congressman bill pascrell , jr . , for your strong words .
cory booker is delusional if he really thinks that people don &apos;t understand what he has done , and why he did it .
you forgot about all the civilian workers who live in el paso but work at white sands .
rep. blumenauer is not even close !
btw - at that time , her older brother was an electrical engineer at minneapolis honeywell aerospace - worked in same area at honeywell as where my husband was working .
my husband takes a medication that costs $ 10,000 a month .
trump &apos;s appalling appointments and decrees must be opposed and strongly !
what about actively sinning by voting against lowering drug prices for all americans ?
it usually means democrats will be willing to throw more children into poverty to appease the right .
the generics then should cough up $ $ $ for the development if the new drugs .
we urge you to please boycott and do not attend trump &apos;s inauguration
canada has pretty high safety standards cory .
you dont mention anything about regular working people who do have insurance or the elderly , and the elderly are the ones who take mor medication then us younger people .
i &apos;ve heard rumors about a sporting event going on at the same time as the advertising super bowl .
well put senator warren .
she is a better choice the rep ellison , who is qualified but not as well rounded as ms estrada .
&quot; when canada brings their drugs , they &apos;re not bringing their best . &quot;
the dems have an opportunity to counter 2010 &apos;s &quot; red wave &quot; in 2018. do not let &quot; business as usual &quot; with the dnc drop the ball on that .
how long will you wait to get it that lgbt equality must be passed now .
love you amy but its a ballpark , metrodome was a stadium .
idiots like ed markey are what &apos;s wrong with the democrat party .
but warren lives like never before !
amy for vp !
blue cross of mn sent a letter saying they spent all their money on covering health benifits .
oh amy your so wonderfull , i just get so .. well you know &quot; hot &quot; when you stick those feathers in your ....... opps , hat .
staff : hey folks , thank you for sharing your thoughts with us .
and the only violence is coming from the anti trump people .
no mow corporate dems !
tu elizabeth ! ! !
if you cannot fight everything trump and his cronies attempt , please , get out of the way .
senator brown has a problem with stating his true position on important issues and is on the wrong side of too many important national issues .
stop this corporate greed !
i assume you oppose pipa as well .
ms mccaskill i just found out that you and i were born in the same year !
excellent , patty !
shut up you hateful witch ! !
... i have an idea ! , why dont we elect immigrants instead of guys like you chuck ?
i pledge to leave the democratic party if you are not elected dnc chairman .
senator klobuchar , you rock !
senator , i implore you : please consider taking up the mantle of progress and hope , and represent those of us who truly believe in those values in 2020 .
marry me , elizabeth warren !
earl ... step down ... you &apos;re way off dude .... go hang your hat and tie somewhere else .... your gangs in portland is terrorism .... strong arm those folks and set the example !
i &apos;m in upstate ny just assure americans their freedom anybody wanna talk crap message me freedom of speech
trump is attempting to stage a coup !
why wait elizabeth warren ?
thank you for standing up for mothers rights everywhere ( or their right not your be mothers ) i wish you were the woman that had decided to run
unfortunately , this type of violence is normal in the middle east .
you are parroting right wing talking points , adam benjamin .
thank goodness you are fighting for all of us !
neither a racist , homophobe , xenophobe , nor sexist , senator .
so you and your kind better hope your false sense of superiority is spendable towards mortgages , college tuition , food , gas , etc ...
happy birthday enjoy your day and many more to come .
and obama abandons more americans .... frank biggs , a contractor with sallyport global , told wnd through a skype instant message that he was transported from balad to baghdad and was communicating from a c-130 preparing to take off to dubai .
a strong statement that builds on his inaugural address in support for lgbt equality .
sorry dems , you lost by a landslide , electoral and popular 😊
thank you- we need you ! !
it didn &apos;t go far enough to break up big banks
thank you now work on something for the city of rochester ny .
kudos peter .
great statement tammy !
have you taken over $ 477,000 from big pharma since 2011 ?
please boycott the inauguration and thank you for all you do ! !
you love democracy so much the accept the results like we do .
democrat senators kerry , mccaskill and schumer negotiated a deal with the iraqi government to sell oil to bp and cnpc for $ 2 , so they can supply israel and china with cheap oil ? ? ? ? ? ?
best wishes brian
this is a forum for ew supporters .
these are not all facts and i have seen some untrue things about sanders also and i won &apos;t even comment on hillary .
so proud of our mn senator !
thank you from oregon .
the conditions were atrocious - bad chemical smells , over 100 degrees in summer and unsafe equipment .
claire is one of the best senators missouri has had in my memory ( 40 of 50 years ) .
endorse bernie then
please get more people on your team , senator !
rick , i greatly admire and appreciate your support of nas whidbey island .
i can &apos;t believe how many people are supporting the racism , sexism , and truly violent nature that is trump !
i mean elizabeth warren &apos; s piece .
we r doomed , moving to canada
i &apos;m a nj republican and wish you represented nj .
you , sen. warren , are not a strong , ethical , or compassionate leader .
i am a registered republican but have always voted democrat for you including this past election and with what your saying about trump is very discouraging for me .
senator schumer , i appreciate your compassion and your stand against the ban .
please expand on how adding 200k unskilled refugees will help working families .. perhaps when the raoefugees attack illinois families , the economy will be the least of their worries .
voter id has got to be pushed before 2018 election cycle .
woke up with a grateful heart .... god bless you ron !
this hate and bigotry has to be stomped out now .
you represent new york city : not my new york
they do not advocate for the rights of union members .
you dam well know this wont reduce gun violence
thank you patty murray and maria cantwell .
you &apos;re kickin &apos; ass and taking names .
i so thank you for your strong and sensible voice for women .
it &apos;s just so scary
thanks debbie stabenow
proud to have you as one of our ct senators .
that &apos;s not tears the erosion from the salt water .
i &apos;d walk the march if i could though .
republican thugs kill democracy
because people like elizabeth warren are in office , and everyone is sick of these politicians ..
wuv u elizabeth !
&quot; cut it out &quot; vs &quot; break up the too big to fail banks &quot; # feelthebern
this is the kind of crock that makes me hate congress ! ! ! !
please don &apos;t support the tpp .
senator booker , i hope you are getting the message from these comments !
drug companies which make billions off of the sales of these drugs surely can be required to dispose of them safely and without undo expense to anyone else .
i agree with your stance , jackie .
you were elected by the people who support bernie sanders .
african americans and other americans will protest loudly using the dollar bill .
we are waiting to hear from rick larsen , please let him know we want this to pass !
if the fda is at the root of that abysmal safety record i would suggest you find a better excuse to hang your hat on than safety of the canadian pharma industry .
good luck with running for president in 2020 ( and that is what is eating you up ) - what goes around , comes around .
i don &apos;t live in the us either and find this man quite terrifying .
as a prosecutor , amy should be well aware of something the courts call precedent .
thank you for your service senator chuck schumer
i liked the picture that u posted years ago of yourself in the high school band ... oh wait .... i found out later that you deceived the voting public by posting a photo of your identical twin sister in that picture and lying to the voting publc that that was you ! !
shared from rs - &quot; everyone knows trump fired the acting ag when she refused to enforce his illegal muslim ban .
to bad we have the worst mayor in nj and won &apos;t know what to do except collect over time he isn &apos;t entitled to for walking around and doing nothing .
no , that was months ago , this is well past imminent this is dire and awful and a nightmare congressman jared polis !
i would hope the other democrat senators such as warren of mass and brown of ohio follow your lead .
senator franken , don &apos;t you think it &apos;s time to listen to the american people ?
sports has way too much power in this country , and in minnesota .
tammy , i knew a duckworth in jr high , 54 or 55 , any relation ?
thanks for all your hard work patty ... keeping education a priority !
they are all unfit 😢 look at this https : / / www.facebook.com / lisaaregal / posts / 10154065134235060
it &apos;s clear you want to share your opinion of dislike about patty murray ... but can you articulate why or how you or your candidate would do it differently .... without resorting to nastiness ?
proud to have met elizabeth warren at umass , dartmout ...
kirsten is a liberal , nothing else expected .
patty please explain your stance on rejecting lower rx costs .
and if more towns passed such laws could we not effectively ban gmo &apos;s throughout the country ?
i &apos;ve given up on the dnc and the democratic party .
i &apos;m so sorry to hear that jackie .
frank , are you hoping that a civil war breaks out in our country ?
keith ellison please look making a law that can help change the police training and culture to be more like european style policing .
hilary clinton found that out in a very hard way .... wah !
trump is dangerous and will ruin the country .
with that grammar , it &apos;s obvious the congresswoman was educated in a government school .
rick &amp; mary , please give me a &quot; shout-out &quot; when you are next in mineapolis-saint paul.b burg
people like her makes me proud to be a native !
trump is an idiot and i don &apos;t see him as my president .
according to the fbi , hammers kill more people than guns .
i see that you are a client of bill ivey and global cultural strategies .
we will have primary candidates to replace all democrats who supported tpp .
thank you jan schakowsky
i &apos;m with you sen. warren .
no talk about the overall oregon public interest ( not the economic interests of the city of cascade locks and its citizens ) will persuade anyone .
alan brady , you are full of more merde than cynthia shaheen and 100 elephants ... combined !
many of the dnc members happen to be lobbyists .
thank you , kirsten i hope your fellow senators fallow your courage to call it is .
happy b &apos;day tulsi gabbard : )
happy birthday mr kennedy you are sorely missed by all .
that &apos;s right us taxpayers ... no , not the corporations and not the ultra rich ... since they don &apos;t pay taxes ... no us middle class folks .. that &apos;s who ... its so simple , yet people just don &apos;t get it
and schumer , did not hear a peep out of you in 2011. maybe because the pres was a dem .
trump won because you were a coward .
knowing you as my representative , not my preacher , i &apos;m always proud of your statesmanship , just as i have been proud of our president .
why give your super delegate vote to hillary when 76 % of the state democrats voted for bernie ?
i am still surprised , after 40 years of trying to follow poitics and voting , that so many people continue to believe it is ok to use other people &apos;s efforts for their own advancement and support .
amy denby clark god bless elizabeth .
frank you are a power freak and not interested in the private citizens of district 6 but your own political neck .
yes , breaking a 1925 treaty , prohibiting the use of poison gas is bad , but so is violating the express terms of the un charter , by attacking a sovereign member state , absent authorization by the security council .
we miss you here in michigan .
( 3 ) regarding the use of weapons , generally , why are chemical weapons more of a concern than biological or nuclear weapons ?
nice way to promote unity and great way to show our children how not to respect our electoral system .
bernie plan for us is to increase our debt by 18 trillion over the next 10 yr , so we are at 19 trillion now and in 10 yrs add 18 trillion more plus we are in debt 500 billion every yr add it up 42 trillion .
it is important that the real facts regarding the voter id in mn be known to all .
the people of new york thank you ! ! ! !
go to canada with rosie and whoopi , please .
i totally agree with you amy , about joan .
the problem was you supported that hillary be in it should of been bernie .
well said senator amy .
thank you for voting for the violence against women act today and being one of the honorable members of the u.s. senate that passed vawa 78-22 .
the good senator , president obama and sen. gillibrand are grossly misguided .
this isn &apos;t the holidays and we &apos;re not your uncomfortable relatives .
strong , intelligent , dedicated women like you make me proud ! ! ! !
uninformed , or you stand for backdoor gun control .
it hurts my heart that women are still treated as second class citizens !
senator schumer , do not be remembered as the franz van pappin of our times .
and i thank you senator warren for helping us to see this historic day !
rep. earl blumenauer ( ore . ) — wrote a jan . 29 column in the huffington post explaining his decision , saying the constitution &quot; vests the responsibility for foreign affairs in the president . &quot;
we &apos;re lucky to have you .
bernie sanders says , that he &quot; heard &quot; that betsy &apos;s family may have donated as much as $ 200,000,000 .
elizabeth is spot on .
dear amy , i &apos;m waiting for you to run for president .
i will not except hate and bullies and going backwards in time against women health and every thing else we have fought for its a disgrace , human rights for all types of people is going to be in jeopardy .
kudos , senator booker .
you are an embarrassment to most oregonians except for maybe salem eug and pdx and we know what they are .
cataclysmic violence .
congratulations .... so very proud to have you there for us !
we shouldn &apos;t need to reimport drugs made here to get them cheaper
help them obtain justice through righteousness , not by lewding and violence .
start reallocating funds from sanctuary cities to mental health programs .
show us the dead canadians , cory !
i &apos;m a married , gay , hindu , indian-american in nys and look to leaders like you to help us overcome this darker moment in our history .
trump &apos;s words are harmless .
oddly enough those angry protestors that are inciting riots mostly wear bernie sanders shirts or clinton shirts .
let &apos;s ban rocks .
everybody who supports trump here you go 🖕 🏽 🖕 🏽 🖕 🏽 racist fucks
that &apos;s how we put racism in the box .
i &apos;m a supporter because harris is a great human .
thank you al for all you do !
a wonderful teacher passed away early this year with cancer and if you want to know who good of a teacher he was go to &quot; remberbering mr brown &quot; and read from the kids , parents , grandparents and friend said about him .
well said elizabeth and to all of these people who spew hate and ignorance i guess the truth really does hurt
my dear patty , &quot; what was the most positive result of the cash for clunkers program ?
elizabeth warren - why have you been silent ?
you are fabulous amy .
i &apos;m sure the people with diseases , illnesses , &amp; injury who need their medications to survive and are already financially strapped would be willing to chance it with * unsafe * canadian drugs
earl and staff .... impressive !
trump is a clown .
stop spewing these racist arguments , there not true .
the 1994 &quot; assault &quot; weapon ban did nothing to reduce firearms related violent crimes .
please help stop this ms. murray .
hold his feet to the fire elizabeth !
senator cory booker , i respect you a lot , but i cannot accept this .
disclose will only take away your privacy ..... big brother , that &apos;s debbie
without health no pleasure can be tasted by man ; without liberty , no happiness can be enjoyed by society .
miss debbie .
happy birthday 🎉 🎉 🎉
i &apos;m ashamed to be from maryland and that you hold office .
wishing you victory and success tammy !
great news , earl .
keith ellison tells me you &apos;re the head of the scandinavian caucus .
happy birthday senator warren and many more ! !
sensible gun laws !
these drugs might not be safe !
happy holidays to you also and thank you for all that you do for the people of minnesota !
this woman had a child in the car .
please keep fighting against her appointment .
i truly hope you will move quickly to redeem yourself by standing with bernie on every single issue he is fighting for and never choose corporate puppet masters over him and his progressive base , ever again .
hunters can use spoons and rocks if they feel blood thirsty for dead animals and wildlife .
get out of here with that , this isn &apos;t about racism it &apos;s about separating isis from the refugees who truly need help .
you &apos;re a tireless , fearless advocate and must know you have our deepest appreciation for everything you do .
if a million berners show up in philadelphia on july 25 the people inside the convention may be educated as to whether the &quot; will of the people &quot; is for 99 % of them or the &quot; owners &quot; . # dropouthillary # feelthebern # dropoutdebbie ! # bernieorelse !
i hope will will not be attending the inauguration .
you go kirsten and tammy !
i am not a fan of trump but he is sadly more credible that warren .
i &apos;m glad true patriots like senator tester want to give working montanans a raise in pay , and to tax the filthy rich so we can get good jobs building roads etc .
dear èlizabeth warren , speeking of &quot; silence is no virtue &quot; who do you indorse for president in the democratic primary ?
my primary concern here ( on rep. pallone &apos;s facebook page ) is to debunk right wing lies , distortions and misrepresentations .
hillary is a liar .
as a woman how am i supposed to accept a leader who is against me ?
i also want to thank you for having the courage and compassion to stay home on inauguration day .
time to give support to bernie sanders--remember , you are suppose to support your constituents .
do this state right ms. harris and go after criminals to the fullest extent of the law .
happy veterans day tammy .
😐 😐 😐 🤔 🤔 🤔 😒 😒 😒 you worked hard to have this result , earl .
ok ... so now will you advocate for the same right for siblings who live together ?
i love how all the people who are supporting this bigoted racist ignorant man are ..... white men .
thank you so much for all your sincere caring and hard work on our behalf .
nope , she wants to add more immigrants so unemployment gets even worse .
that is so encouraging , amy .
congressman sherman , thank you for your leadership on house resolution 752. now , we need to get the resolution to the house floor so that it can be voted on .
our politicans need to get control of medicare and medication costs please !
inspiring words for scary times !
certainly won &apos;t be brown .
many on the right and some on the left believe the struggle for equality by those of african descent has been won .
is the fda being strong-armed again by members of congress , as was the case when frank pallone pressured the fda to approve an implantable medical device even though it was found by the researchers and scientists to be unsafe ? ?
and also , chris , you &apos;re wrong .
disclaimer : student loans have risen to 1.2 trillion dollars , that &quot; s trillion with a t. the iraq war cost 3 trillion dollars , that &apos;s trillion with a t. for-profit overpriced unaccredited loans make up 10 % of all student loans , but account for 50 % of all defaults .
you are useless anyways , you are another reason i switched from democrat , to vote for donald trump for president
senator bernie sanders for president ! !
i do not want returning to park tower apartments on march 18th that i will continue into anger management against housing employees in point periods , tell your local news recommendations .
chuck - this is our moment in history .
but i hold my resolve and am still pissed at the dnc and the house democrats that were total @ $ $ hats , with their disrespectful behavior yesterday .
so proud of my ct representatives , standing up for people &apos;s rights to safety , rather than the gun lobby !
you voted against a bill that would reduce prescription drug prices for all americans .
happy easter mrs. stabenow
it &apos;s a wonderful feeling to be proud of the people who represent you .
# notmypresident please fight for us .
i celebrate your decision and your grit .
if you &apos;re upset that nothing is helping homeowners rebuild in nj and ny after the storm , track down your local tea party operatives and let them know you &apos;re pissed off .
jew race baiting won ; t work anymore you democrats wore that trick out .
there are many shady things about trump and his associates .
wrong elizabeth .
yes , like those above ... please do not attend the inauguration .
isn &apos;t it a bit early to be campaigning for 2020 ?
as a retired teacher of 37 years , i thank and support you senator gillibrand .
run ron , please do us a favour and run !
so why did you vote against bernie sanders &apos; bill ?
1 / 2 full 1 / 2 empty or is it the damm glass is too big ? ? ?
cory , please know we love you .
6 / 5 laura bachman , white female , murdered by black male .
( i am a hillary supporter and hope that she adopts and articulates these clear economic stands . )
the only violence i &apos;ve been seeing lately are protesters at the trump rallies .
meanwhile , you voted to continue high drug prices .
walker disrespects hard working wisconsin women !
his ass needs to be in jail !
love you corey booker !
we might all regret this but the democratic party better take note and come back to a party of the people .
seasons greetings and warmest wishes for a happy 2012 !
a true hero of both minnesota and our nation .
thank you for your voice , senator booker .
thank you for youre inspiring speech , hillary clinton !
doggett has always been a class act
this dialog needs to be engaged without lobbyists dictating the conversation for any particular group of mental health professionals .
well said , here &apos;s a women who loves her country who believes in our democracy and respects it , i just wish everyone would .
and a very happy holiday to jill and you !
# makeamericagreatagain &#91; &#91; sticker &#93; &#93;
the wetterling family is truly amazing .
it does guarantee more innocent women and children will be slaughtered by isis !
i don &apos;t think barrack &amp; mickelle or bill &amp; chelsea &apos;s speeches can save hillary if justice can get the air time from corrupted media time for each speaker like bernie and jill the same as the others and all
not to mention his hatred of mexicans , muslims , and the disabled .
i wish you the best in your fight against cancer .
keith f thompson , ms ayotte gets just as much grief from me .
rip sgt scobie ...
amy , thank you and thanks to our amazing president for all your hard work and commitment to the people of this great country .
reasonable gun control would make it harder for the unstable to get guns .
the care is so much better , easier to get appointments and access benefits .
sorry treve but what we need in the senate is elizabeth warren .
dear senator patty murray , as a mother who has sent her son off to middle east and who has returned i am against any action .
thank you for your conscience and standing up for our democracy .
you are appreciated ... all the way over here in san diego .
and with your vote in favor of the big business pharma .
trump is our nominee !
she also has kkk supporters .
dear mr. schumer , as senate minority leader please make extensive use of the filibuster in the upcoming four years .
jeremy - you don &apos;t understand how the senate works ?
i remember when flora macdonald stayed an extra couple of hours to help one of her constituents .... that was one great lady
you are amazing amy !
deeply dissapointed elizabeth .
put down the koolaid earl .
i appreciate your comments , u.s. senator elizabeth warren .
it &apos;s the right that refuses to address gun violence and their &quot; thoughts and prayers &quot; are shallow words .
dnc
thank you senator , please vote no on gorsuch , and any and all trump nominees that come before you , for any cabinet position .. unless the name is garland .
medicaid funding just got more while the middle class keep flipping the bill with higher co pays , higher deductibles , diminished care specifically worse for woman &apos;s health issues .. its a disaster for the majority of american stakeholders
a vote for hillary is a vote for sharia law .
you &apos;re getting pathetic with your condemnation of every appointment president trump makes .
love what u said elizabeth
thank you for your commitment and dedication to supporting and fighting for your constituents .
this gun violence is a national disgrace and an international embarrassment .
well done congresswoman .
did you just refer to hillary as a &quot; girl &quot; ?
the appointment of steve bannon is just the beginning .
our friends lena echols and jackie hawthorne are attending the reception !
noooo , elizabeth warren .
take &quot; african-american &quot; or &quot; black &quot; and replace it with them with woman and female and replace racist with sexist and you have the democrat &apos;s answer to any challenge to hilary .
please work to protect social security too .
keep fighting for the middle class !
ye fucked the red skin .
apologies , senator kaine , i am not there yet .
thanks for your words amy .
i will vote for you if you run in 2020 !
love amy too .
thank you for not attending our inauguration .
we don &apos;t want a rise in the right wing nationalism .
really elizabeth warren ?
# feelthebern go bernie
bless you for your strength and your wonderful voice of reason , elizabeth .
michigan cannot afford this .
you worthless boycotters remind me of the representatives that boycotted lincolns inauguration because they were for slavery .
thank you for what you do for minnesota and people around the world .
hylton v. united states , 3 dallas 171 ( 1796 ) pollock v. trust co . , 157 u.s. 429 ( 1895 ) brushaber v. union pacific r. r. co . 240 u.s. 1 ( 1916 ) ..
let &apos;s elect more snl sages to public office .
wow elizabeth wwparrppp
all your laws yet there is still violence in the world .
take a page from the winning playbook and fight trump every step of the way .
now they were faced with this tragedy and having to experience unexplained hate and violence all over again .
however , &quot; no virtue in silence &quot; also applies to your silence on the current campaign for the dem nomination .
do you choose to remain silent and , therefore , tacitly approve their actions ?
i have always been impressed by amy klobuchar - she does her job in a non-partisan way for the good of all the people .
so very ironic coming from the woman who champion &apos;s against the 1 % then supports the woman who is in cohorts with the 1 % .
as a resident of central oregon that is good news indeed .
you have have worked tirelessly and will leave a wonderful and consistent political legacy for the people of oregon and the nation .
oh wait , your a hypocrite , who exempted himself from this wonderful boondoggle .
thank you cory booker 😃
&quot; &#91; 1 &#93; given the opportunity of ten full weeks between the election and the inauguration to divest his business interests , mr. trump chose instead to announce , just nine days before inauguration , a wholly inadequate plan to step away from operations , but not ownership or income streams , of the trump organization .
but there are so many children fighting cancer and all kinds of life threatening medical conditions .
unless of course , you want to take personal responsibility for each american murderered in the name of your weak ass liberalism .
al save the asian carp will you please
i put myself through college by working on weekends , holidays and over the summer and graduated without debt .
oh my , the world will end because you &apos;re not going ... don &apos;t worry , you wont be missed .
minnesota is lucky to have such a fine representative senator franken !
he has been my rep since i moved back to ma in &apos; 89--i will miss his representation .
the term &quot; king kleagle &quot; is apparently a kkk title for the leader of an entire &quot; realm &quot; or u.s. state .
plus he was rejected by rebublicans for a judicial appointment for racist remarls .. also public record 👺
drumpf ( not a typo ) has issued gag orders against several key departments ; please let us know how to best support you to fight that as well .
and you need to stand up to big pharma &amp; neoliberalism .
tell me jeanne how do you feel about your boss using kids as pawns ? ..
you must put your faith in the systm - in progress - no matter how much you think it has failed you ; we are still moving forward .
i urge you to support older women &apos;s health by supporting social security and medicare from budget cuts .
we can require that gun owners keep their guns and ammo locked up to prevent easy access to guns .
an al - this is islamic terrorism - you liberal democrats have so much blood on your hands
he is much more dangerous than all of the cabinet nominees combined !
thank you for your words , senator .
nestle again !
all you libs need to including thag piece of shit schumer need to take your asses to europe plenty of refugees there for ya they will enjoy raping you and your dughters probly even schumer while the gang stomp your husband &apos;s and son &apos;s !
thank you for continuing to fight for us : 0 )
this is the reason why so many of us &quot; new to politics because of bernie &quot; supporters didn &apos;t vote with the ballot ... official wa dem page : caucus faqs , first paragraph : http : / / www.wa-democrats.org / page / 2016-democratic-caucuses-faq
shut the fuck up schumer , you pussy , and do your job .
please weigh in on the monsanto bayer merger .
senator warren - you are amazing !
proud to be a new yorker tonight !
it is time to acknowledge the mental illness problem within our society .
if you , leahy and durbin are for it , we know it &apos;s garbage .
brian must win for hawaii to win .
you and rev al , what a pair of crooks you both are .
we are powerful when united .
bernie is our best hope to defeat trump
you hold both qualities of bernie and hillary , the democrats love you .
we &apos;re talking about allowing americans to buy their prescriptions from canadian pharmacies -- not china or mexico .
let &apos;s see .. paris jewish sector , jewish neighborhood , jewish kosher store , 4 jewish people murdered ... and they call it random and not by name .. ? ?
snyder is a snake .
i just watched some news from aisa on the cable and all they could talk about is how they won &apos;t be able to maintain their &apos; status quo &apos; with their economy if the dems remain in power .
so glad you made it , best wishes littlecountrydj , see you next year at the 2013 cherry festival
not going to forget mr booker .
your hope for 2020 is dead in its tracks .
precincts across mn last night passed resolutions condemning senator klobuchar for her vote yesterday with the republican majority to protect her biotech / big ag donors from laws passed in vt , ct and me to protect their citizens health by requiring mandatory labeling of foods with gmo ingredients .
u go elizabeth warren , hope your our next v.p ! ! ! !
hbd liz !
louise , i have been a fan of yours for years , and i did not vote for trump , but he is going to be our president and as such deserves the respect for that office and a peaceful transition of power .
they are pathetic at best !
echo the voice of wa and support bernie sanders .
she is among the very best democratic senators we have !
that &apos;s why i appreciate senator warren .
this is very good and i &apos;m so proud to have both you and al on our side , amy , but there is still more that needs to be done .
pixie holbrook / public school teacher of 40 years and oh so proud of my colleagues .
just wish the democrats put up someone better than hillary .
thank you , congressmen yarmuth !
medicare needs your vote and guidance to enable bladder cancer patients to access blue light cystoscopy .
thank you very much and you can count on all 5 of my union famiy support in november .
guys , don &apos;t get so butt hurt , it &apos;s a football game , what matters is warren watching super bowl 56 from the white house .
the dems are a good minority party given their skill and whining and crying but they cannot lead .
i am grateful for my social security .
i &apos;m a wa voter that &apos;s nothing but very , very happy with tuesday &apos;s election !
you are not going because trump is white .
you sound like one hell of a bully yourself , senator !
senator murray : this pm , congresswoman barbara lee was ready to object to 50 republican electoral college votes that a group of lawyers found violate state and federal laws .
i still don &apos;t see your name on the list of those that are boycotting the inauguration .
not big pharma &apos;s money where your mouth is .
bless you , chellie !
time for democrats to fight for their constituents or get out of the way so those constituents can find representation rather than collegiality with right-wing extremists .
thank you for your service and sacrifice , tammy !
thank you , senator brown , for all you do for the people of oh , and the rest of the nation !
thank you for keeping my partner and i unsettled .
klobuchar as senator .
gmo labels in new york state .
chris lauria terrifying .
sabrina you are one scary person and i feel sorry for you .
go women !
michigan resident &apos;s mother is dead because of trump &apos;s muslim ban .
lol i were thinking you describing hilary clinton for one minute .
mrs. warren , then i would challenge / encourage you to accept the vp nomination .
neither hrc or trump could manage that task .
guns don &apos;t kill kids , people do .
appreciate it rick , however she stood for everything you are against ...
truly amazing how the repugs trolls can &apos;t get the facts straight .
he will be in michigan in the immediate future .
thank you for speaking out against having a white supremacist advising our president !
will there be an option for the locals to buy their utility infrastructure in the future ?
democrats must unite and fight .
you are a big disappointment , where is your compassion ? what kind of person doesn &apos;t extend a hand to those that are suffering and need our help ?
the concern in the medical community is having fresh marijuana available for juicing as a medication primary or supplemental and recognised as such by the medical community and employers .
al franken , my new email address is billheller7289 @ yahoo.com and benson heller on facebook .
loss of small banks means loss of loans to small businesses , therefore loss of job opportunities .
thank you , patty , for your hard work !
obama-clinton state department took a six-month hiatus from processing iraqi refugee requests in 2011 , a move not widely publicized by the media at the time .
thank you , good senator .
am a u of m fan , but was rooting for them .... still bleed maze and blue though .
bravo , senator warren !
i &apos;m so glad we have you as our senator !
thanks for doing the right thing beto .
i happen to be a gay male .
hi debbie could you stop the stupid things snyder is doing thanks
manny minnesotan &apos;s love and are proud of al .
hrc was a terrible candidate forced down our throats by a party held captive by the clintons .
oh claire the biggest political fraud of all time sits in the oval office .
i wish only the best for hillary .
we can offer humanitarian assistance .
wall st , big banks , war contractors , big oil , corrupt security agencies ... they are running the country .
have fun doing a damn thing without the support of bernie and his supporters
preferred would be warren-sanders 16 , but i &apos;d settle for sanders-elizabeth warren
my cousin is lucky to have you as her representative !
i cannot imagine after all we been witnessed and heard , some people still participate in trump &apos;s inauguration to congratulate him for the presidency he doesn &apos;t deserve .
become an informed american - schumer lies through his teeth - read the executive order for yourself : https : / / www.whitehouse.gov / the-press-office / 2017 / 01 / 27 / executive-order-protecting-nation-foreign-terrorist-entry-united-states
thank you , rep. keith ellison .
old joe was a bootlegger and a crook on wall street .
sen. klobuchar for potus ! ! !
what would have to happen to dissolve the electoral college ?
so why weren &apos;t you at the inauguration ?
mental health issues can manifest in all manner of violent behavior utilizing any object .
senator gillibrand , as foolish , counterproductive , and despicable as the executive orders on immigration and refugees are , there is a line that has been crossed that demands an extraordinary response .
are boxer and pelosi okay ?
amy , first of all i am a nd resident who lives north of fargo .
thank you senator kaine for fighting for children with disability .
thanks amy for all that you do ! ! !
this is a cannot worms , you &apos;re going to regret letting those crooked pharma lobbyists write this bill and attach your name to it ..
tulsi , we love you but we don &apos;t believe the dnc anymore , they represent corruption ... after what they did to bernie we now know they don &apos;t care about the people .
which is why she is now in england to study as england is still a non-muslim country ( which is under attack to adopt sharia laws as the u.s. is ) .
the fda needs to triage this to the top of their priorities , and give the people an accounting of what they are doing .
please senator gillibrand , do not vote in favor of me devos .
what action will be taken cory booker ?
i am so proud to be a supporter for kamala harris .
debbie , i support you in full with my votes , but you are playing the partisan blame game .
tulsi calls it like it is .
well done nancy
defeat ir amy many people feel betrayed by harry reid when he did not fight to get the votes in the first place , when he would have ! ! !
though , i think public education has already &quot; failed &quot; during the implementation of common core-which , if i &apos;m not mistaken , ms. gillibrand has decided not to rail against .
mahalo for voting no
joseph biden &quot; banning guns addresses a fundamental right of all americans to feel safe . &quot;
mr big pharma himself quoting franklin .
hello amy , i hope you can make it to this years twin cities 20th annual oscar experience !
senator booker , you post these wonderful inspiring quotes and messages but what is congress actually doing to stop this ?
mr. pallone made a simple statement based on the truth .
true minnesotans and americans .
it also shows the irresponsibility of the press as they keep promoting this false narrative inciting violence and chaos ... this situation shows how people are allowing emotion to drive their decision making .
i hear wisconsin needs your help pretty bad about now .
that kind of placating makes me happy trump did this .
don &apos;t hold back , elizabeth !
may i suggest bernie sanders ?
why would you not vote for our pharma to get in line and stop gouging the american people ?
i think bernie will start to focus on down ballot as soon as he has the nomination .
mondale , the bod , stuart smalley , plane crash test dummy , and now amy , on here puffing up her chest about more of the same .
representative keith ellison i hope you are taking a similar stand !
but women have there problems with pharmaceutical drugs and depression drugs .
president obama showed respect for all of us .
thank god .... turned down for insurance before this due to my previous knee surgeries .... al franken for president !
can you please write a statement on why you accepted over 300k from pharmaceutical companies then ?
you have such class , elizabeth warren .
if you want us to believe pharma $ $ $ didn &apos;t effect your vote , donate the money they paid you to a fund to help people pay for their medications .
we need to rescue our country out of this very deep debt so , ms warren , what are you , really , willing to sacrifice ? ?
sounds like your are the one full of hatred and insecurity warren .
at least one champion is left .
i like how these politicians dismiss the polls when clinton is losing , but promote them when they show her winning .
shut up jim , seriously there were thousands of peaceful protesters and a small group of stupid people ... but hang on to that why don &apos;t ya .
why can &apos;t tea party types cite facts ?
and it &apos;s only one week in 😢
i agree with you , nancy .
big pharma needs the money so they can line your pickets .
losing to a woman .
thank you patty for your support , i &apos;m still in shock that the election went to trump , i have some faint hope in the electoral college doing the right thing .
as much as i admire you , you need to do your part : endorse bernie sanders before it &apos;s too late
i proudly voted for debbie and obama .
we need cheaper prescription drugs ... : (
your vote for hillary will be the last straw .
thank you , senator tester !
gerry ramirez constancia limas
you definitely just proved you are against minnesotans with your vote ! !
emma brown reports : &quot; the five-page document produced by the council for national policy calls for a &apos; restoration of education in america &apos; that would minimize the federal role , promote religious schools and home schooling and enshrine &apos; historic judeo-christian principles &apos; as a basis for instruction .
thank you cory booker for clarifying your position on this issue of critical importance to the american people .
violence is not the answer .
congratulations amy ! ! !
thank god for women !
amy also acted in high school while attending douglas county hs !
you work for us and not the drug companies .
senator klobuchar i voted for you as a county attorney and a senator and will again .
i am truly grateful you are fighting the fight , elizabeth .
and thank you from all of us .
thank you , sen. shaheen .
always did like lloyd doggett .
ahh , cory booker &apos;s quote of the day .
malachi mojica sanders and trump are on opposite sides and nothing alike , in any way .
there was a hearing on this resolution september 14th brought by congressman alcee hastings .
the protests are valid and she needs to earn our trust , but when he said vote hillary he meant it .
in virtually every field that women choose to enter , they can expect to earn less over their lifetime than their male counterparts .
how do you expect a budget when ms klobuchar continues to vote in favor of authorizing and expanding militarism ?
it is excellent to see a politician who believes that the voice of the people is paramount in this country , and that corporations should not be able to simply buy a political seat for someone essentially on their payroll .
their inaction is what is causing the democratic party base to lose faith , to fail to show up at the polls .
with you , al .
thank you , kirsten , for your leadership on many levels to make this happen .
the converging fossil-fuel-threads underlying the trump presidency are painting a dire picture of our future .
fight for us cory .
thank you for making me proud to live in oregon .
frank pallone jr. is a standup guy .
and forget friends or family trying to help a mentally ill person .
get to work , rep sinema
your proud ohio supporter melissa wynemia kritzell
main strength of super power us lies in misguiding common people only .
&quot; ( but ) there is no evidence trump took any part in , or knew of , their racketeering . &quot;
your the best cory .
thank you soooo much , amy !
whether its thru mental health improvements , tracking purchases of ammunition etc .. ( duh ) , or being more direct in the way we deal with the jihad .
i used tammy as an example of how to run a race multiple times when discussing elections with my 14 yr old autistic son .
so proud to be a minnesotan today .
it &apos;s not easy being a gop memeber these day when democrats keep winning and they keep becoming more obscure .
thank u al !
we can not expect excellent outcomes without excellent staffing ; and when standards are not met the facility and staff are penalized and reprimanded .
if we do , what happened in paris will eventually happen here ... stop this insanity al franken
change the rules amy .
josh was speaking from a script not from his heart or gut , he sounded like a programmed robot .
students didn &apos;t sign up for heald because they had a gun to their head .
pretty sure canadian drugs are safe .
thank you , such a sad day .
i have been a supporter of yours for awhile and was proud when you started the week testifying against sessions .
25 lgbt related homicides in nyc for the year 2012. half of which were transgendered .
don &apos;t get me wrong , i don &apos;t believe hillary is any better .
i for one don &apos;t want to work with a convicted rapist or pedophile near children !
are you going to vote hilary if she is the democratic leader ?
if you are in austin on saturday , please join the 20,000 + women &apos;s march at the capitol .
keep fighting the good fight for us , elizabeth .
now let &apos;s start on the unemployment rate , and paying all workers a living wage - say , starting at $ 15 / hour .
i am thankful to be represented by strong democrats in the senate and the house .
i hope you endore senator sanders soon !
have a great easter rep. larsen .
senator warren , you are exactly right .
@ mario - those were bogus allegations made by right-wing hoaxters .
and why did you vote against importing cheaper medicine for ill patients ?
please get behind hillary and help us ....
so proud of you jim himes .
trump is not of sound mind .
why do you work so hard in opposition to the will and interests of the people of new york state ?
even though the vote was non-binding your actions are proving you to be a friend of big pharma before your own community .... i recommend donating any remaining pharma money to a low income clinic .
seems to me they made us women look less intelligent , all in the name of political satisfaction because their candidate did not win an election .
why were they suspicious in his view , according to the ny times account ?
thank you for your courage in speaking up for oregonians as well as all americans .
you are correct cory .
you never focus in middle class solutions rick .
i volunteer at the international education center in minneapolis .
what evidence does kirsten gillebrand have that suggests that betsy devos is not for strong education and safe schools , or is it just that betsy is a trump nominee ?
way to go van hollen ! 😁 👍
while i was in wi training , i had to come to minneapolis to find a black hairstylist , so i rented a car and drove over on a saturday .
i hope you consider what mistreating someone as popular as bernie sanders may cost you at the polls .
what a privilege to work on this campaign for the only working man in the us senate , the farmer from big sandy who understands and looks out for working people .
thank you congressman cleaver for your stance and support !
so , mr. schumer , are you going to lead ?
thank you for your support and advocacy for women rights
never thought id be agreeing with ms. warren , and im pretty sure i still wont be voting for her candidate , but # nevertrump
we must not allow hate , racism , xenophobia , and bigotry to control our country .
hillary is an ass wipe also
tell me , congressman pascrell , how is that affordable ?
i do not consider president elect trump a sane person .
please please fight hard and fight often ! ! ! !
thank you , senator wyden , for taking this stand .
# indicttrump # notmypresident
thank you rep ellison and may allah bless you while giving you the strength to continue fighting for the people !
as a 2 time breast cancer survivor , thanks to mammograms , i thank you so much for supporting this legislation , amy .
please senator bennet , vote yes for the tax bill .
right back atcha , kamala : - )
i too agree that a marriage is between a man and a woman .
way to go elizabeth warren !
what make trump so different ?
amy for first female president !
elizabeth , stop sending me email that you are with her ( hillary clinton ) .
and that is why i continue to support you , senator !
this death and the suppression of public expression affect all of us .
bravo , mr. schumer .
or is big pharma just paying you off ?
how often do we her about police stations being shot up and multiple officers dying from gun wounds ?
dear bill , as you well know , paterson nj was the birthplace of the american industrial reverlution.small towns &amp; cities alike have to once again pick up the flag of domestic manufacturing and showcase our quality workmanship.small manufacturing companies are the life blood of our economy .
i &apos;d be more apt to use it frequently than a springfield to ny which is already in place .
i had you pegged as one of the good guys .... turns out you take kick backs from drug companies &amp; screw the poor too .
i await seeing legislature with your name and amy &apos;s name on it that shows mn can still lead the way on important matters .
i admire you ms. warren , but i have no confidence in that man as the president .
you are a real champion for sick americans .
turn coat mccaskill our democratic senator in mo who trashed bernie for hillary just voted to fast track tpp .
i don &apos;t remember any republicans boycotting obama &apos;s inauguration .
shove yourb ugly head up your ass .
gosh gee , why oh why is rush attacking educated women ?
if we want peace we must project peace .
should run bernie deusche !
and , yet again , dear elizabeth warren , you withhold your enthusiastic endorsement ofthe finest candidate for potus , hilary rodham clinton .
thank you for all of years of service mr. brown .
you have no idea how reassuring it is to know we have you fighting for us ❤ ️
wow , the desperation from the democrats is really over the top !
they are allowed to place exorbitant markup on drugs and pass it on to the public .
social justice up the ass .
kyrsten sinema , both side are not to blame for this as you have indicated .
all agency &apos;s need constant monitoring too !
my name is aj janssen , and i live in cottage grove , mn .
she has made minnesota proud of her accomplishments .
mn embarrasses me .
the middle class is who moves this country and the world forward ! ! !
you should back the majority of your state with endorsing bernie sanders .
go beto
hey debbie who are you backing in the gov .
keep fighting for working families !
louise you forgot about a child &apos;s right !
you are my hero , jackie !
trump is trying to stop coming into the country , thanks to you , in a flood unvetted .
you were fantastic this morning ( and everyday ) you make me proud to be a progressive and a woman .
senator bernie sanders ( i-vt ) when money buys power we can no longer call this democracy .
as far as right to work ( starve ) just take a look at the states that have enacted this anti worker and anti middle class legislation , there standard of living and wages suck ! !
i thank you mr. booker for taking the time to answer everyone .
thank you for working on this .
sounds like amy takes after her dad .
i am a recently retired special education teacher from new jersey who has chosen to now live in the beautiful adirondacks .
and if he doesn &apos;t kick his ass elizabeth .
good for you claire !
bannon got him elected .
dear , madame sinema , i &apos;m writing to you and i hope that you read this message .
peter , are you afraid that trump won &apos;t love you ?
and do you mean like voting against bernie &apos;s bill to lower pharmaceutical costs ? ?
tim kaine you are an embarrassment to the old dominion and you have once again misrepresented your opponent .
strong plays for the dems tonight !
hang in there mark , we need your form of leadership to bring some sanity back .
someone is gaining financially or politically in trump &apos;s cabinet , or trump himself , from this blatant disregard of where those that have actually attacked us came from .
please explain , mr. booker , why you voted as you did regarding the pharmaceuticals from canada .
nice , amy , that you touched all those bases ... i &apos;m sure they appreciated your visits ...
don &apos;t count bernie out just yet
it &apos;s probably a good thing joe walsh never served in the military - at the very least he probably would have been the recipient of a &quot; blanket party &quot; or two .
elizabeth warren what has this looser done ?
you make it an easy choice to vote your sorry ass out of office .
i do not care how much donald trump denounces white supremacy , the kkk or even the alt-right ( repackaged racism ) .
we don &apos;t need to explain yet again about women &apos;s bodies or anything to do with how pp works .
happy as i am about this turn of events , no college student should have to pay 8 , 9 , 10 % interest rates on their student loans .
sen. schumer , concerning your speech at the inauguration , it was not booed by what was said , the boos were for the messenger who told us basically that you would throw up roadblocks at anything the president purports to achieve !
i &apos;m a mom of three , paying on my husbands student loans while attending uw pulling out my own loans to finish school .
his jewish son in law is jewish in name only i fear .
~ mark ------ player : domestic abuse intervention programs ( daip ) - &quot; domestic abuse intervention programs creates innovative community-wide interventions to end violence against women and help men who batter change .
but i &apos;ll take comfort in the fact that as a woman i am still represented in the senate and that someone is standing up against t. thank you , sen. murray !
where was tv personalty chuck when then president obama did it ?
pot , kettle , elizabeth ?
for a chronic pain patient like me , more activity means more pain and more pain means more need for an opioid medication .
very well put mrs warren .
senator wyden , it &apos;s time for you to speak up about newtown and our country &apos;s horrendous number of deaths by gun every year .
you , al franken , can justify this ?
&quot; as public citizen noted , the bill &apos;s passage &apos;comes at the expense of patient safety by undermining requirements for ensuring safe and effective medications and medical devices . &apos; &quot;
mentally ill does not mean the same thing and unstable and violent .
this isn &apos;t about eating meat , and which animal is superior .
if you &apos;re fearful of what &apos;s to come join the resistance and be productive and peaceful in your protest .
many of the workers are abusive to human beings .
senator chuck schumer , https : / / m.facebook.com / story.php ? story _ fbid = 654265404770041 &amp; id = 100005597623240
don &apos;t be a politician be someone who gives a shit .
if that &apos;s not inciting violence then i apparently need to open up a dictionary .
by elizabeth warren and rosa delauro may 11 , 2015
elizabeth warren for president with michelle obama on the ticket 2020 ! ! !
team trump make america great again
bernie excites the base to turn out , hillary doesn &apos;t .
stop lying nancy .
as someone who i was a major fan of before this election cycle your progressive views are beginning to feel like hollow rhetoric when in the biggest moment in this movement &apos;s recent history you have chosen to sit on the sidelines .
clinton and all of the progressives ( both parties ) are deliberately and intentionally de-industrializing america ; it &apos;s part of the u.n. &apos; agenda 21 &apos; plan , and clinton and gore are scamming gullable americans all the while they laugh themselves to the bank .
inauguration needs to be held off til this is completed .
am all for the comments you make elizabeth warren but lets come back down to earth , ..... the greatest democracy on earth ?
where were his tears and outrage when kate steinle was murdered by an illegal who had been deported 5 times previously and lived in a sanctuary city , or any of the others who were murdered by illegals last year ?
stop accepting money from pharma and wall street and you might be credible .
hi love you !
it &apos;s not often that i agree with senator warren , but i respect this eloquent , dignified and honest statement .
right now they are doing good work resisting the trump agenda , but we need collective , relentless pressure on them to ensure this continues until trump is out of power .
class act , i &apos;m so proud to call her first lady .
how can tea party representatives look these brave civil servants in the face ?
protesters like ashley judd and madonna are disgusting role models as well as all the so called women who were upset with trump for saying he could grab a crotch , yet these are the women who let little kids carry fk u trump signs ?
senator warren , i &apos;m glad you will fight your heart out against the donald .
amy , explain that your party nominated a bad product , plain and simple .
please fight the appointment of sessions as ag
nothing in any dnc email for helping veterans coming back from the mid-east .
i don &apos;t care which , since with right wing noisemakers it &apos;s usually very difficult to tell .
thank yuo usa &lt; 3
thank you so much for supporting this wonderful program ! ! ! !
you , cory booker , are part of the problem , not the solution .
there are many natural cures out there not chemical big evil pharma who kill more people in this country then anything .
thank you for these wonderful words , senator warren !
and bernie looks like such a good way to avoid them all together , hillary and trump .
today we still fight for income equality .
you &apos;re taking a huge , cartoon sized l on this , cory .
how do you dare remain silent behind your walls on this issue and then post this ?
you may wish that women &apos;s rights won &apos;t be pitted against religious rights -- as do i -- but unfortunately , that &apos;s not the reality we live in .
even media and factors along with money , is corruption , by super -pacs !
eid mubarak to you and to your family
boycott hobby lobby .
i &apos;m grateful to have you representing me .
this guy has a documented past of mental illness .
it &apos;s time for democrats to wake up and realize that trump isn &apos;t here to do damage – he &apos;s here to make sure we don &apos;t suffer the same perilous fate as the once-great nation that led before us .
you should listen to your constituents , 72 % of whom voted for bernie , and to the people of this country , and support him as well .
best of luck representative sinema !
we have high student loans and starting pay is very minimum and would be hard to continue forward if all we are paying interest and nothing towards the principal .
our family wishes you and yours a very happy thanksgiving .
follow john lewis to some action against gun violence--please !
please vote no to intervention in syria .
3 ) raise minimum wage to $ 10 an hour on companies that make $ 500,000 or more .
a great holiday gift for democracy !
when will dayton and the democrats begin to deal with real problems like unemployment , racist discrimination and poverty ?
the same may be true for their youth program , which has provided jobs to hundreds of camden kids , and their community gardening program , which brings fresh fruits and veggies to our city &apos;s people .
we need campaign finance reform .
repeal the medical device tax betty .
for the last 8 years obama / hillary have nothing but kill the middle class / 94m not working , 20m house holds of 4 and nobody works .
say no to missile strikes or any military action , senator murray .
guns and knives are the chosen tool of violent criminals .
thank you for all the good work you do for the people of oregon !
most of us independents will # neverhillary # bernieorbust # dropouthillary
thank you for your inspiring integrity and commitment .
mahalo nui loa senator mazie k. hirono .
thankful to be part of john &apos;s district - wishing well and congratulations to you debbie .
she thought her girl hillary would win !
i think you al should support this idea of banning muslims until the water becomes more clear .
but watch out , like lloyd says he &apos;s about to do something else .
keep fighting the good fight , keith !
warren was silenced when she started getting personal not just reading the letter
elizabeth , you go girl !
i don &apos;t know the full extent of your politics but please be a bernie advocate .
so endorse sanders already ...
thank you for your support , rick !
elizabeth talking facts .
and then factor in the electoral college .
elizabeth warren , we really need you and others like you now .
there are always choices to make , and if better choices spring up at the right time , progress in human development can be made .
dear mr. booker .
sen. kamala harris !
please protect our country and world from trump &apos;s hate !
if not , then it &apos;s time to vote in someone who won &apos;t accept money from big pharma .
they overwhelmingly chose bernie sanders as their nominee for president .
trump is a narcissistic mysogynistic racist machiavellian !
you are bought and paid for by big pharma .
thanks amy , you &apos;re awesome !
i know you &apos;ll fight hard , but i despair for our nation with that ( excuse me ) jackass in charge.so much hard won progress could be lost !
thank you for continuing to work for the good of the people .
looks like he might be a presidential candidate in 2020 .
if you &apos;re serious , right now , make a public declaration to refuse any and all financial support from big pharma .
sanders &apos; 16 !
al is a freaking idiot .
thank you , mrs. shaheen !
so immediately the left gun haters assume ( remember the adage about assume ) he must mean they will use their guns to stop her .
warren buffett , in a recent interview with cnbc , offers one of the best quotes about the debt ceiling : &quot; i could end the deficit in 5 minutes , &quot; he told cnbc .
thank you from texas kirsten
amy , you &apos;re fantastic !
so im sick of the &apos; just blame bush &apos; mentality , lets hold current politicians accountable and throw them out of office , especially these lifers like schumer .
she is a rock solid pick for vp , no matter who our democrat candidate is .
poor democrats your feeble minds are so brain washed you think the democratic party is all for the bettering of the country .
i wish the power would go off all over the country during the inauguration .
for this is the reasoning that all of the greatest minds have stated that we will be doomed to the same fate for all of our own people , simply because we accept hatred of another species as a right .
folks are suggesting michelle in four but you can break the glass ceiling for those young girls crying during hillary &apos;s concession speech today .
my heart is in boston today .
your participation in hillary &apos;s corruption cost you reelection 2018 as well .
senator kamala harris , thank you from a new yorker who is proud to have you representing our sister state of california in these frightening times .
thank you rep. debbie .
thank you , robin powell
i voted for you kamala so you can fight for us ... trusting you you have big shoes to fulfill
the majority of your district &apos;s residents appreciate your assessment that this bill was drawn to prevent short cuts to the refugee process , as a matter of safety .
thank you dick .
i wasn &apos;t going to support trump but then i realized all the groups that hate him hate me too !
so obviously privacy goes out the window as it seems business owners / bosses have access to what services we as women get through our health insurance .
jonathan murray works at the providence school department .
right now in 2010 , the wealthy are already wealthy -- and getting wealthier -- corporations have made record profits and have record cash on hand , banks have record amounts of cash on hand , so where are all the jobs the obscenely wealthy are going to give to you ?
democrats are always breaking ranks with their party to form extended coalitions ... or democrats are always playing the victim when the republicans are in control of governing .. when will democrats step up and fight ? ? ?
there are 3 million strong trump opposers on facebook &apos;s pantsuit nation group - it might be the start of organizing for 2020 .
dead is dead - we haven &apos;t raised a hand against the thugs killing thousands in the sudan or somalia - are the deaths of those women and children somehow not as tragic ?
but we live in downtown phoenix , and we are pretty democratic here .
their plan is to make it look like they are smart , keep the person in bondage , put them on psychiatric drugs and collect psychiatric drug money .
if people in the democratic party are smart , they will draft you to run in 2020. a beacon of light on the horizon to look for .
and you , mr. larsen , are part of the problem ! ! ! !
best floor speech i &apos;ve ever heard tonight , elizabeth .
you speak as if you know sen. franken well , yet what you say shows us that you don &apos;t know him at all .
cory booker my sister lost a son to wilson &apos;s disease .
we &apos;re women .
39 eastern block countries have prohibited gmo foods and growing .
so did schumer
his passion for allowing a woman to drown while he swam away to save his own sorry butt .......
senator klobuchar , thank you for standing up for all students who are trying to change lives through education .
congratulations ocean champion congresswoman chellie pingree !
we are a foreign service family , so we deeply appreciate your commitment to us !
as a member of wa-7 , i thank you for representing the majority of wa-7 by boycotting the innauguration .
senator wyden , i agree with you re : steve bannon .
congratulations , so proud you are my senator
that way it is a natural right and can &apos;t be taken away by big government politicians .... like amy
but it should include investigating whether trump and his companion were complicit .
no virtue in silence .
i can &apos;t believe you voted against bernie &apos;s ammendment .
dear representative dan kildee , thank you for giving me your attention to my correspondence .
do bad things happen on the internet , such as piracy of copyrighted materials ?
we &apos;re with you patty !
because the assaults weapon ban in ct and in co when the columbine tragedy occurred worked so well
patty deserved to win .
i urge you , with all the urgency of my being , to act .
here is another good example of the need for stronger gun control .
aaa trys to stop deaths caused by cars ... nra want more firearms therefore not stopping more deaths by guns !
what can be done to hold dt and steve bannon accountable ?
trump is using the same con .
i am not for this , i am for women &apos;s rights and equalities , but it is bad enough when men get captured let alone i can only imagine if a woman is captured what kind of heart strings will be pulled .
meanwhile one of hillary &apos;s top vp contenders want to deregulate banks .
as a retired educator in a rural area i am frightened at the harm she can cause for our children .
and both amy and al voted against an amendment to end it !
she is just scared of her super pac not getting what they want .
ms klobuchar , if you &apos;re counting on supporters of senator sanders to back hillary , i think you &apos;re in for a shock .
thank you ❤ ️ feeling so hopeless , but you &apos;re reminding me that just because the outcome wasn &apos;t what a lot of us wanted , it doesn &apos;t change who we all are .
you should &apos; like &apos; the congresswoman kyrsten sinema page .
medications for seniors especially have gotten totally out of hand and we need help from you and al .
they objected to paying for two forms of the emergency morning-after pill and two kinds of intrauterine device ( iud ) .
i believe progress is progress , regardless of how poorly the bill was thought through .
in 2015 , the los angeles times recounted brown &apos;s ugly attitude , reporting , &quot; brown has his own checkered history of demagoguery about refugees . &quot;
i am deeply ashamed of you , jim cooper !
chicago , illinois : tightest gun control laws in the country - 500 murders last year .
you mean the john lewis who lied about this being the first time to boycott an inauguration ?
debbie your awesome !
your vote to block refugees makes me embarrassed to be a californian .
have a happy holiday &amp; keep up the good work !
there are drugs imported to canada ( or to the us via canada online clearinghouses ) that are * not * protected under fda guidelines .
please join elizabeth warren in taking big bankers to court .
i was really proud to see vt is one of the few states where our legislators have not taken money from the nra .
bill , are you telling me that pallone should only concern himself with one issue ?
my lgbt community mourns the loss .
love your democrat spunk
mr albert i think you have the wrong thread .... i happen to think patty is doing a great job ... our veterans and service members thank her daily ! ! ! ! !
in addition every german college student anywhere in the world is eligible , depending on his family &apos;s finances , for financial assistance under their bafog program .
which , if you paid attention , she lost by a landslide and will continue to lose !
and the only candidate set to work for &quot; affordable college , accountability for wall street , healthcare for millions of americans &quot; ---- is bernie sanders .
frank , are you that unhappy with czar obama ?
keep fighting keith !
but happy thanksgiving to you and your family kirsten !
thanks dear amy for have that , , &quot; whale &quot; heart ! ! !
it &apos;s just too bad that it is a candidate as divisive as trump that is scaring the establishment so much .
booker &quot; 20-20 &quot; !
i hope it surpasses the avalanche of misogyny , racism and hatred his campaign was based on .
&quot; i was under the impression we had 3 separate branches of government &quot; -sen. sanders , this week
awesome amy and good luck
hey peter , mitch hunt here , why is there not an immediate investigation instituted ?
every woman has the right to choose what to do with their bodies !
&quot; one of the largest dangers of dog meat is the spread of rabies to both animals and people . &quot;
we &apos;re ready to build on the energy of wisconsin with even bigger events nationwide , powerful new ad campaigns , and plans to engage millions of new people inspired by what &apos;s happening .
if trump incites violence why were people rioting to protest his rallies ?
represent the interests of the 99 % and switch your vote to bernie .
we should not normalize this circus .
the strength of american democracy is shown most clearly through the difficulties it can overcome .
there is a an extra long sleeved clasping mental white jacket waiting for thecondon dumpster .
terrible policy senator donnelly .
i served usmc 1968-1975 and us army 1975 -1994. i am 63 and looking at retiring again from the school system here .
merry christmas ms. meng and family
thank you for everything and congratulations !
i can &apos;t believe anyone would side with senator joe donnelly .
every day bannon sits in the white house , he undermines the most fundamental tenets of our society .
no , you are owned by pharma .
the wall street bailout didn &apos;t help us small business owners , but maybe just maybe this might .
twenty percent plus , of the senatorial district are the senior citizen population ; and , democrats are demanding an increase of 32 % in the minimum wage while senior citizens living on social security received a 1.5 % increase .
thank you , and please work with my senator , michael bennet on this , who received a bitter email from me as well .
ok , so they voted at their polling place in pa and then drove hours to get to their polling place in oh and if that even happened why would you think it was a vote for hrc rather than some person voting twice for trump ?
when the protest went to looting shooting then yes this kind of action needed to be in place to ensure it wouldn &apos;t happen again .
dale prokosch , rick larsen has been supporting the military in every way , so pls stop calling names and be constructive .
maggie .. wishing you a wonderful birthday and year ahead !
let us take a break from the historical and current racism of the democratic party to expose union influence on their hate .
are you only going to work with democrats or will you reach out to others as well .
thanks for representing minnesota !
thank you senator for all your tireless hours .
either renewal and rebirth with mike lapointe or reconsideration of your premature announcement of your superdelegate vote .
help us get gogglebandz manufactured in the us , and more importantly , in new york state .
as someone who works in the field of prevention and advocacy for vicitms of domestic violence ..... thank you so very much for all your work in getting vawa renewed !
senator amy klobuchar you also represent minnesota and we have fared better than most states and don &apos;t need these extended benefits .
i try to support you senator booker but you are a corporatist democrat and your wing of the party has destroyed the party .
senator booker , thank you !
the democratic party is a disgrace .
i &apos;m with matt wheeler - go ny20 , we &apos;re proud of you kirsten and we &apos;re proud of mr. murphy too !
we can create conditions that nurture stronger child-parent connections - known to be critical for mental wellbeing and social behavior .
senator shaheen , will you represent us by not going to the inauguration ?
thank you for always looking out fur us , amy .
al franken as well .
joe , we need you to start protecting us citizens and not the nra .
it is the liberals who are preaching hate through voice boxes like al sharpton .
thank you senator emanuel cleaver ii for voting against devos and in favor of our children and public education .
couldn &apos;t be more proud of your hard work on this issue , rep esty !
i am honored to have the opportunity to attend a gathering tomorrow afternoon in worcester ma to help with elizabeth warren &apos;s election to replace scott brown as united states senator representing the commonwealth of massachusetts .
judging by the caliber of trump supporters comments on this thread , i am extremely worried about this country .
so , what you &apos;re saying is that if bernie gives you money you &apos;ll vote for him ?
turning it around from your own personal loss to the comparison of republican efforts to ban planned parenthood to non-existent efforts of democrats to ban halliburton was brilliant .
stick with us jared we admire you !
his &quot; basket of deplorables &quot; just kicked your privileged butt.stop blaming bernie , jill and johnson supporters .
you and your mother have my respect , i lived your life in reverse , my mother walked out of my life , i thank my mexican immigrant grandparents that allowed me to become the 81 year old proud and humble woman .
if legally regulating guns was actually successful ( to understand my doubts consider how terribly we &apos;ve done with drug prohibitions ) then i suspect we would simply see an uptick in bombings , poisonings , bludgeonings , and stabbings .
sanders - warren 2016
but i feel hopeful knowing we can count on you to push for gun laws that will make our country and our schools safer .
so do something about it corey booker !
this morning , obama &apos;s state department released a report to congress that absolutely skewered hillary &apos;s decision to host a private email server — even after hillary and her senior staff did everything they could to derail the investigation .
label gmos , please .
go out today and help elect hillary !
from pittsford , ny , thank you for fighting against this .
stop trying to normalize this .
dear senator klobuchar , on march 1st minnesotans went to their caucuses to make their voice heard .
women need this place for other types of women &apos;s health care not only abortion which is the right of the women to have .
i &apos;m sorry corporations are not the people .
thabk you john , thank you will and especially thank you patty murray for doing all you do for your consituents .
rip nancy .
thank you for speaking up about this senator wyden .
bernie / warren 2016 ... this is what america needs
speaking of staying quiet too long , how about supporting bernie
of course you are speaking specifically about the black lives matter protesters whose only purpose was to disrupt and disrespect in racial overtones the rights of those inside the auditorium ..... right ed ?
elizabeth please change your mind and step up and help this country move into a more just and a country we can be proud of again , if trump get &apos;s in disaster will follow .
is this your ass talking ?
thank you for your continued service to our country tammy duckworth
vote debbie out !
your mom is married to my cousin andy .
it &apos;s so cool that you share the same birthday with another hero of mine : cyndi lauper !
i &apos;m afraid elizabeth is delusional
we will not be with you physically when you &apos;re urging your fellow senators to vote against betsy devos , we will be with you in spirit .
i have to hand it to the democratic party for having the courage and the stamina to push this through and ensure its success through many political and technical traumas .
why will sen. maria cantwell and sen. patty murray stand silent on this issue ?
well done kamala .
elizabeth , we are counting on you to keep fighting for us ! !
my main concern is that we are now going to lower the standards to make sure woman can be in infantry mos .
now we have you , senator warren .
btw , i wish tim kaine would review and comment on his opponents record while he served as governor in virginia .
push your fellow dems and moderate republicans to vote your way .
i love you jan .
the gop and you sen warren are the reason we have a trump ( kardashian ) running .
love you tulsi
this coming from a woman who doesn &apos;t even know what her heritage is ? ? ? ? ?
sherrod brown i need your help .
will you and all the super delegates that ignored the wishes of the state you represent ask for our forgiveness ?
nancy , you are correct , people with guns kill people , so do people with gas , knives , cars , baseball bats , oh yeah , don &apos;t forget that people with hands kill other people with ... their hands ! ! !
okay , colleen .
i for one am thankful that we have women like amy klobuchar in the senate .. a great leader who never gives up and serves the state of minnesota with integrity i almost wrote amy klobuchar in but didn &apos;t want to gamble my vote ... but how about next election ?
beautifully written amy klobuchar !
the people need to send a message to cory booker and all other democrats that vote based on special interest .
not to mention all the senseless killing on the streets of chicago
why can we hear a woman &apos;s voice prompting hillary with the word &quot; dozens &quot; ?
why can &apos;t the country adopt the same policy as minnesota a one week cooling down period , it &apos;s a start ?
thank you for your service and remembering that you represent us and not the corporations .
keep it up senator warren ... you &apos;re enabling his candidacy as much or more than any contributor .
everyone has there own opinion .... miss warren views are from a small mind .... !
such an apropos named award for you !
nancy pelosi , dianne feinstein and hillary clinton are going to go empathize and appeal with isis .
and why are you reported as cosponsoring with oren hatch the fast track for tpp bill ?
go get em louise ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
how can we say that we are a country that believe in equality when the american people are not even allow to choose their own president .
his ideas about the need for organizing at local / state levels are spot on .
donald only offers fear , hate , and divisiveness .
trump supporters and hrc bashers certainly do underscore the need for better education in the usa .
do you know the world has gone crazy when nancy pelosi becomes the voice of reason !
folks need to let jared kushner have the codes and advise dt .
senator chuck schumer you take a lot of money from big oil .
boycott all things made in &quot; china &quot; ! ! ! !
tulsi i think you should run for president in 2020 !
president trump &apos;s actions are built on this foundation .
thank you , sen. bennet , for speaking truth to power .
hey chuck do you remember this clip , , , , https : / / www.facebook.com / numbersusa / ? hc _ ref = newsfeed &amp; fref = nf
fantastic brian -- as an attorney working with immigrant dv survivors i know how important vawa has been .
&quot; i wonder if rick even reads these or if this is only something for his interns to do ? &quot;
also how come women rights groups dont say anything about the treatment of women by muslims ?
thanks senator brown !
i don &apos;t think you realize that there is millions of us that will either write in bernie or vote for trump just to keep her out of office .
yes thankyou amy
thank you for demanding action .
trump says if he loses , he won &apos;t concede yet hillary did .
amy , i have met you , voted for you and waved the pom poms for you .
steve harris
so proud to have you represent me
yeah and if you don &apos;t want him in the whitehouse the only way is to vote for bernie
then we move onto mental illness ... most of us have been touched with some form of mental illness .
when can i start helping you and giving you my money to beat bennet in a primary .
somehow white men took over a federal building with guns and were not guilty but native peoples protesting must be forcibly removed
canada is shaking it &apos;s collective head at the stupidity of your country ... the ones voting for trump should be ashamed ! !
why have you been so silent now after your disgraceful showmanship claire ?
its democracy is lost ... the party is broken .
wro g debbie
keystone rocks
most experienced candidate of both sides is hilary clinton .
help the homeless in newark penn station .
keep fighting , betty !
thank you representative carolyn maloney ! ! !
we &apos;ll pay for it with more scientists , engineers , teachers , doctors , writers , journalists , ecologists , and generally better educated people ; all of whom will contribute to a better society .
i am hereby challenging sen. amy klobuchar , sen. al franken , and rep. erik paulsen of my thrid district , to gather all representatives of minnesota , meet together , and come up with an fiscal agreement that equally represents all people of minnesota in washington .
the senate really needs to address ways maryland can bring in revenue .
san mateo / santa clara counties brady campaign to prevent gun violence / million mom march sanmateobradymmm @ yahoo.com
happy new year to you too patty , and to your staff as well .
stabenow and others like her must be getting their briefs directly from those within monsanto itself .
give us a break do nothing schumer .
stay strong and give &apos; em hell tammy .
america doesn &apos;t need a bigot / chauvinist / racist / fear monger as a candidate and it &apos;s time people woke up to the danger of trump and his message .
i think she made the best speach of any 1st lady i ever saw in my lifetime .
senator warren , keep up the good work !
there &apos;s a history of demagogues calling those they disagree with &quot; racists &quot; and using that as justification for intimidation and violence – and that history is ugly and dangerous .
senator schumer , i think you know what you are doing .
i think you emitted crocodile tears .
also , look back 20 years ago when bill clinton said the same thing as trump is saying now about the refugees and immigration issue ..
oh my gosh the things hillary is guilty of and all those scandals !
no worries ... seriously doubt your presence will be missed .
if the president can sign a bill for guns , can he sign a federal bill for equality for all ?
well trump &apos;s eventual nomination shouldn &apos;t be looked at as americans being on the wrong side of history .
is there a law that you could work on also to prevent outsourced recruiting firms from india calling the unemployed and using fake american names and requesting ssn and dob information ?
all should be ashamed that progress has not been made .
unless he &apos;s running for political office , i see this as a blow to the democratic party , even if the daily show wasn &apos;t their official mouthpiece .
i just got a fundraising email from al franken , and it reminded me that i needed to come over here and chew him out for voting for monsanto .
perhaps if drug prices were more reasonable medicare and the va wouldn &apos;t be a target of the gop budget cuts .
i support al in this statement .
thank you , rep. lloyd doggett - a fair and thorough examination is part of the process for a life-long appointment .
way to go congresswoman bass
elizabeth i &apos;m a big fan and would vote for you .
my daughter got her phd this past fall at vt -- and what a thrill it is to call her doctor !
this is a real need-go amy !
i &apos;ve been looking for you to appear on that list , jan !
jesus elizabeth , my fellow democrats are about to elect a woman only a tad ahead of him in favorability .
affordable prescription drugs now !
hillary is history .
the fact that left wing terrorist organizations like southern poverty law center and cair are against steve bannon means that bannon is the best choice that president elect donald j. trump could make .
the president-elect &apos;s behavior in these regards is not a matter of politics , it is morally repugnant .
and , if you see that little weasel , ron wyden , scurrying around d.c. , put him to work on the va stuff .
very disappointed in you , al .
for those of us that are in chronic pain and need meds daily , the new rules are not helpful .
amy , i &apos;m sorry but minnesota is not doing health care well .
the way the south was desegregated was tv showing the protesters fighting for rights being attacked by dogs and shot with water cannons .
c &apos;mon kyrsten , there &apos;s nothing more american than watching nfl football .
please endorse bernie senator warren you are both fighting for the same thing and hillary is at odds with all progressives .
al franken 2020 ?
in california , oil companies are fighting governor brown &apos;s efforts to drastically reduce our reliance on oil .
sorry elizabeth , you turned your back on us and sold out !
if you voted , you played the game , now finish it and support he inauguration .
i &apos;m pretty sure that she &apos;s spoken positively about her time in the part of detroit where she lived prior to moving to the affluent area ( conservative white area ) .
did you ever set foot on a wyotech campus or heald campus ms. kamala harris ?
if they &apos;re based on anything , and aren &apos;t just gratuitous slams , they &apos;re based on right wing lies , distortions and misrepresentations .
at the time , i was a delegate for hillary .
thank you so much for your decision not to attend the inauguration .
how was out yesterday canvassing for elizabeth warren seen about 50 signs for warren only one for scott brown in north cambridge !
vote for what is right and not just because your years as a board member in santa barbara was a far left city .
how can hillary ?
you are great , debbie !
thank you for working with democrats and reasonable republicans .
senator kaine , you would &apos;ve made an amazing , fair , and kind vice president .
i had no idea who you where til you started your &quot; dog catching the bus &quot; dumb ass scare speech !
: - ) yay !
parents , please be an advocate for your child !
right , frank ?
i can get &quot; american made &quot; medication in mexico for $ 15.00 not the $ 220.00 in the us and my insurance even denies my doctor &apos;s script for it !
guinta and romney , both wolves in sheep &apos;s clothing .
way to go , tammy !
elizabeth warren is the best think that has happened to politics in along time .
hillary clinton is and always has been a corporate wall street republican .
now back off tpp .
thanks mr. kaine for your service to our state and country .
they believe women are inferior and can be used by men .
thank you for all your hard work and dedication on behalf of the people of massachusetts and this nation , and many thanks to your entire family for all they have given to allow first paul , and now you , to give so much for your constituents .
but she has all sociopaths and terrorists voting for her now and the worst of them , all her abortionist baby killer followers and her women &apos;s libber friends .
sen. warren , please work with congress to rewrite gun laws and to open the doors for accessible , high-quality mental healthcare .
the dems and that fatuous bleating bitch debbie wasserman shultz got what they goddamned well deserved .
we &apos;re not talking depression or the things most suffer sometime during their lives , but serious mental health issues .
please help us pass erins law in minnesota .
fake cry didn &apos;t work .
you should have run , ms warren .
ban assault weapons
elizabeth warren has clearly won this debate !
thanks for working so hard for the people .... we really appreciate your great contribution !
a moment of silence is to honor the lost and a visible demonstration of respect shown to their families , friends and colleagues .
oops ... coming back to bite you in the ass .
thank you senator kamala harris !
unfortunately 80 % of it is not very good , hence why jon stewart is so popular , but everyone watches him on the internet or netflix , to get the news in an innovative smart way .
how long does murray and the rest of congress think they can spend money we don &apos;t have before everything implodes .
an appointment as this could perhaps gain more support from the progressive base .
please do something about assault rifles , multiple bullet clips , and anything else that will protect us from gun violence .
when a rich mans lobby carries more weight than each of our votes we are doomed to the excesses of the ceasars .
president trump won because of people like you .
michigan state university the winner ! ! ! ! ! ! !
bravo , senator booker .
obstruct everything trump tries , you owe us that !
trump is the best thing that ever happened to hillary .
these riots in the streets are because of hillary clinton !
here is wishing for democrats to have a backbone and confront bills and proposals who reward the rich and corporations for moving out of the country to avoid taxes or worse yet , rewarding them for moving jobs overseas /
thank you for your work senator .
both of our michigan senators supported the reduction in retired military pensions .
thank-you amy please have a safe holiday and keep up the great work you and mr franken do ...
thank you congressman congressman john garamendi for taking a stand against mass shootings in our country .
dear senator michael bennet we face many obstacles with this administration .
go with it elizabeth !
and furthermore , the supreme court decision does not deny anyone anything , it just says hobby lobby doesn &apos;t have to pay for it !
tammy , as a disabled viet nam veteran , i just want you to know how much i appreciate you for your service .
oh , and patty , do tell rahm emanuel that if he doesn &apos;t see fit to worry about those of us on the left , we will not worry about you !
stay the course , senator wyden .
have a fabulous birthday tulsi !
if you cared so much about affordable healthcare you would not have voted against the importation of cheaper prescription meds .
elizabeth , by definition , you are a demagogue .
dear sen. blumenthal , why pick on this one drug manufacturer ?
i &apos;ve always supported wyden .
hello patty and kudos for you , make a big splash patty .
you should only be as brilliant and honest as elizabeth warren .
it &apos;s past time for marriage equality if you ask me ... well done senator coons !
thank you , mr ellison , for keeping the focus positive .
congresswoman , thanks for all you do .
&quot; carl levin &apos;s place in history belongs alongside michigan &apos;s greatest statesmen , &quot; said rep. gary peters ( d-mich . ) , who called levin a mentor and a friend .
wasn &apos;t senator sanders ?
with all this voter suppression blatantly going on , the supreme court would actually do this !
in case you are interested ... the democrats could have passed bernie &apos;s amendment to reduce prescription drug costs last night , but they chose not to .
don &apos;t be a chameleon senator chuck schumer .... support your president or get out of the country ! ! !
from drugs to the environment .
please vote on the cabinet nominees .
i urge you to support the elimination of all subsidies for fossil fuels .
thank you for standing up for reproductive rights .
the result of this fed collusion will be massive corporate and bank profits while senior citizens , pensioners , veteran retirees and fixed income workers will have less money and even lower savings .
congressman ellison , if you are elected dnc chair , will you do everything you can to do away with the superdelegates system ?
we are counting on you , kirsten gillibrand !
and i pledge to support donald trump liz , make america great again , push illegals back to where ever they came from , send the syrian refugees back to syria , and best of all get career politicians like you out of office , fighting for term limits !
elizabeth warren doesn &apos;t know what truth is .
well elizabeth , i &apos;m one that feels the electoral college doesn &apos;t really work anymore it &apos;s an outdated system .
pick a subject that he has talked about what needs to be done that you don &apos;t agree with ms. warren , or you could point out what you have done outside of politics that was any kind of success . ? ?
earl , you &apos;re into some weird legislation .
the headlne tomorrow will be , &quot; rep. sinema discriminates against ugly children . &quot;
the gop and dems need to work on taking cannabis off the schedule 1 list also and make medical pot legal nation wide
thank you rep. larsen for an honest heart felt answer .
i love you elizabeth !
but so far durbin has refused to do so .
senator , what &apos;s the deal with the donations the pharmaceutical companies gave you ?
he did a lot for arizona ... the surrounding communities and with our native american tribes ... he will be missed .
dear rick , i have absolutely nothing against you , and i plan to support whoever becomes the democratic nominee .
two other house members , including lujs gutierrez ( d-il ) and catherine clark ( d-ma ) , have also announced that they will boycott the inauguration .
old men in wheel chairs denied access to their memorial .
thank you elizabeth for putting us in this situation .
monday will be a very exciting game .......
yet you sold out the average american by not voting for bernie sanders &apos; pharmaceutical bill and siding with republicans on it .
go for it , debbie , we are with you on this .
dear congressman alcee l. hastings thanks you from the bottom of my heart for your leadership on this cause !
he is a life-long , pro-gay , liberal democrat who disagrees with the bible &apos;s prohibitions against homosexual behavior .
they say the cost of a medication is due to the amount spent on research and development , but they spend far more on advertising .
i respect the second amendment right to bear arms , but i do not respect the rights of citizens to procure weapons of mass destruction .
oh more children drown in pools every year then with firearms lets ban pools !
do you prefer 105 degrees in az or 92 degrees with high humidity in wash. dc ?
it is time for old dutch to retire .
elizabeth warren came out here !
thank you , senator &lt; 3 !
thank you senator gillibrand .... from nutley nj .
none of them women with them vile nasty signs speak for me .
mr. markey i know you don &apos;t really live in medford , but i thought you &apos;d show up for camera time .
some of the workplace violence terrorist and the boston marathon refugees have proven that our process does not work properly for the current workload .
plus before the aca they covered these drugs and devices .
cory booker : i have the utmost respect for what you do , what you &apos;ve accomplished , and your goals .
let democracy work .
right on , al !
isn &apos;t going to happen , elizabeth warren .
thank you for standing up for basic human decency !
thank you senator jon tester , you are great , and democrats everywhere , thank you for your service to our great nation
quit lying senator about how many illegal aliens criminals .... which includes ......... terrorist ...... taliban / muslim / islam ........... within our country ......... we even have some of their camps here in our state of oregon
stop taking pharma contributions to your campaign and then you &apos;ll be just a bit more believable , maybe ?
we are supporting you and working for justice for trayvon here in northern ca too .
&#91; 54 &#93; while the number of cra sub-prime loans originated were less than non-cra sub-prime loans originated , it is important to note that the cra sub-prime loans were the more &quot; vulnerable during the downturn , to the detriment of both borrowers and lenders .
abolish the electoral vote system .
the nra response to these tragedies has consistently been that , &quot; guns don &apos;t kill people , people kill people &quot; .
&quot; if i was given one blessing from those terrible days , it was losing the fear of dying , the fear of losing , the fear of speaking up .
she is a progressive fool .
i doubt very seriously you will be missed .
you should have respected this state and given bernie your vote instead of wasting it on her .
in both england and the united states , those people most zealous for tighter gun control laws tend also to be most lenient toward criminals and most restrictive on police .
hey senator shaheen you sniveling coward why didn &apos;t you join with the veterans in tearing down the barricades and took them to the white house .
maybe cnn shouldn &apos;t have helped hillary beat sanders and he might be the president today
equal rights for all shouldn &apos;t be so hard .
support the bill to import prescription drugs then set up your safety requirements .
feeling grateful for the 100 &apos;s of millions of kindred souls here , the many millions more around the globe , past present and future saints and prophets , and our mother earth , together we sing as one heart .
sen. schumer , i am hearing that all senators and representatives do not pay attention to emails or facebook messages or even letters .
the people of washington are truly in bernie &apos;s camp ... suggestion ... cast your ballot the same as your constituents ... vote for sanders ...
elizabeth , you are so far removed from reality you can not see or feel the frustration we all have with billions of dollars being tossed around government like nickels .
we hope to be backing you in 2020 !
i hope you will explain why you voted for the tpp trade agreement .
damn cory that was sexy
aka democracy .
proud of my virginia senator !
hillary clinton is a crook a liar and no respect for telling the truth bernie sanders is a communist trump may be a pig but at least he says what all of us are truly thinking .
she can &apos;t fight alone and her fellow democrat politicians are happy to let her do all the work .
new york should be embarrassed by its two senators .
democrat to democrat ❤
thank you to my home state of massachusetts for sending another person to congress who will make a difference !
just got to love that women
i hoped for better from elizabeth warren .
a humane , civilized society has an obligation to provide a national health insurance plan , like australia , uk , germany , france , spain , norway , denmark , ... it &apos;s not killing their economy .
starting medicare august 1. thanks for all you do senator klobuchar !
happy new year to you and your family elizabeth .
will president obama mention how the mental health system was dismantled by liberals and the aclu ?
thank you for all you do every day for the people of rhode island .
thank you for standing up for our american values of which bannon is the antithesis .
mahalo , ms gabbard .
however , what about domestic violence in general ?
oh please betty , get a grip on reality .
but legalization of drugs will not be the panacea you make it out to be .
funny i very rarely saw many facebook posts when president obama was in office .
happy st. patty &apos;s day tammy : )
mr booker i feel that you have a profound impact on our country .
great day i &apos;m glad that mr franken and amy klobuchar are going to represent people in minnesota once again !
kyrsten sinema i &apos;m in dc and stopped by your office today !
i think kerry and frank should have shut up and let the people pick who they wanted to be the candidate instead of anointing markey and scaring everyone else off .
no sane person morns their passing .
fund mental health services !
and the democratic party is handing him the path to victory by unfairly strengthening hillary clinton .
i &apos;m so glad there are senators representing me and my policy views , even if they aren &apos;t from the state i live in .
go , rick !
nancy pelosi is my goddess
thank you , i had a wonderful day .
i hope that you &apos;ll act with integrity and do the right thing in the future when voting on the option of having access to less expensive canadian drugs .
i am proud to call you my representative !
bill meds not working in yet huh bro
you want to stop trump , than endorse hillary .
very disappointed cory booker .
i appreciate your courage and how you stood your ground against hate , bigotry , sexism , &amp; racism .
i am so glad to see you truly are the progressive candidate i felt i was voting for this past november !
thank you for all your work in behalf of all veterans ... my father benefits from your labors ... my entire family appreciates those efforts ... thanks again !
c &apos;mon now colleen .
brilliant and beautifully written
proud moment for illinois .
the connecticut guns were purchased in new hampshire .
stop dividing us along gender lines .
steve bannon is extremely dangerous to this administration .
become a pharma lobbyist like howard dean .
sorry for your loss stephen , thank you for being there today .
i do eat grapes now , occasionally , but always remember the boycott when i do .
people are tired of the corrupt same old , same old politics , that &apos;s why trump is winning .
thank you senator merkley for the work that you do , i &apos;m honestly worried that &apos;s what we will have a politican-induced recession especially if the heavy cuts the republicans want actually go through in march .
liz you did great !
vice presidential candidate sen. tim kaine , in introducing secy clinton wednesday , quoted wm .
keith ellison is peacefully protesting and is being honest about his intentions .
and next i hope to vote for president elizabeth warren someday .
if you like inflation , higher costs of living , and lowered living standards all in the name keeping career politicians like merkley around , you have a great senator on your payroll .
# reopentheindepedentforeclosurereview # retiremccain # foreclosure # veterans # medical # hardship # carlhaydenva # phoenix # arizona # uspolitics # courts # foreclosuremills # realestatebill # livinglies # usslongbeach # trumptrain
what other states do is their business but in washington gun proliferation and gun violence needs to stop .
i guess when you &apos;re a junior politician from the state that &apos;s home to johnson &amp; johnson , endo , schering-plough , merck , imclone , american cyanamid , bausch + lomb , ortho and literally dozens of other pharmaceutical companies , you don &apos;t have much choice .
you better vote for bernie , since it &apos;s the will of the majority of minnesotans .
why haven &apos;t you posted today about your nay vote to label gmos ?
thank you congressman alcee l. hastings from england , uk x
good riddance take both ny senators with you .
it is unfair to make american students compete with illegal aliens students for precious admission slots and tax-payer subsidized student loans !
keep up the great work brian , especially on clean energy and climate change .
ps , keith has has bernie &apos;s back from the get go .. : )
rick , is there anything that can be done about the gerrymandering of districts in pa and wi and a couple other states ?
thank you for expressing yoursympathy with those kind words .
are you kidding me- you voted against sanders bill .
did you know that japan and russia have cancelled imports of us wheat due to gmo contamination fears ?
trump will make america great again , bringing jobs back , building the wall to stop dangerous people and not allowing free entrance of muslin terrorists .
so happy you made it congressman kaine !
i honestly wish oregonians would see through your con .
it is time to look into the fda and ftc , on why so many generic drugs have little to no competition , and why shortages are allowed to occur which drive up prices too ( phenobarbital is one such example besides others ) .
i absolutely love how bernie sanders is campaigning and she would like it too .
# feelthebern or # findnewjob
you say he incites violence , yes he does .
thank you for your service , hard work and integrity .
you know amy responding to constituents is ultimately your responsibility .
5.56mm armor piercing ?
you should have backed a winner in sanders .
he could have stopped trump in ma during the primaries with power , influence etc and he did nothing ! ! ! ! ! … .
at the very least senator stabenow , we deserve an explanation .
amy you &apos;re so funny !
they have figured out that if the walgreen or cvs could important they would go right to china and japan where the raw material is purchased and purchase direct by passing the big pharma people .
minnesota voted for bernie sanders in landslide numbers .
i no longer donate to the democratic party , i only support those who support bernie &apos;s vision .
if you really want to defeat trump , then you need to throw your support behind bernie sanders .
they are looting from this country and they smile at the ignorance of the people that keep electing them .
triple digit premium increases are driving middle class americans ( many of whom are democrats ) to abandon thier health insurance altogether .
banning gun free zones and disqualifying all muslims from owning guns would be a good place to start making changes !
she was right to stand with bernie from the start instead of that sell-out crook shillary !
please explain your vote against sanders &apos; amendment .
please do everything you can to protect social security and medicare for our seniors
shaheen voted against auditing the federal reserve , we now know who you work for .
i am so proud to be a constituent .
due to his disqualification and a lot lot lot lot of interest conflict , you and other democratic party members are the last barrier of usa and the rest of the world .
together we are strong and we will not only survive ; we will defeat this hatred that trump created .
her approval by pence is a travesty .
i believe that marriage should be defined as a religious union between a man and a woman .
this is a moment for women all over the us .
i can still remember my cultural anthropology classes in college ... but it goes beyond that ..... it goes to understanding culture .
and you had better get your shit together .
thank you , for all of our children .
beyond minnesota nice ! !
bernie sanders is for he people by the people .
the republicons don &apos;t care about the deficit they just care about eliminating anyone who will vote against them in 2012. they only want corporations to have enough money and power to buy the election for them in 2012. please fight the republicons and tea bags with everything you got !
is that the dnc is failing miserably .
hateful , intolerant speech , no matter where you are on this issue , is not acceptable or helpful .
here the article : irish sun : isis video shows british child shooting prisoner
you still need to explain to the people who put you in office why you voted against the amendment allowing americans to buy cheaper pharma drugs from canada .
you receive one of the highest amounts of money from drug company lobbies .
because the kkk is behind him ?
heads up she &apos;s anti american ! ! ! ! !
happy birthday , patty , and may you continue to celebrate them as our senator !
please , senator warren , please back bernie .
and i believe they already picked hillary for the seat unfortunately : ( .
jan so glad you &apos;re joining the women &apos;s march ! !
the amount that your campaigns have received from big pharma looks bad , especially now-- old-school , middle-of-the-road corporate democrats are obsolete .
the very fact that you are implying that canadian standards are sub par indicates you have zero credibility on the issue .
while trump is such an idiot as to be recorded , don &apos;t think for one minute ladies that a large number of males in power feel just like he does .
any chance of abolishing the electoral college before the next election so we could actually elect the person we want ?
are eerily silent on the growing police state , let alone the militarized one .
2020 president warren
it &apos;s dieing &quot; bern baby bern
thank you elizabeth for taking up his fight , we need you and those like you !
ms. warren , please keep fighting for us the way you have been .
i can say this much , i am not racist , i am not sexist and don &apos;t incite violence and definitely not a bigot .
please keep up the good fight , mr. booker !
please rick , you did the right thing in 2002 when you voted no on authorizing military force in iraq .
mlk would turn in his grave if he knew how you betrayed him and what he stood for ... you cory booker help the men who rob and who oppress the people .
elizabeth , you &apos;re always the diplomat !
ohio has sherrod so we are even .
yeah right listen to elizabeth warren .
brian keith that is an absurd statement .
tulsi - it is very good that hawaii and america assists other countries in their time of need .
lewis started that pissing match - he &apos;s a liar and a race baiter too .
i appreciate everything you do for me as a woman and as a senior citizen for protecting my own .
&lt; 3 me some jackie speier .
guess you have ties with the pharmaceutical industries ... wow ... you are hurting people ... i though you were compassionate and real ... this makes me and others who really adored you , lose a lot of respect and trust in you .
she was a classy lady !
i will most definintley help relect you ms. gillibrand .
my name is eliot ❤ ️ ❤ ️ ❤ ️ @ eliot
let me no what i can do to help against the nonsense that going on in the trump insane picks
bernies platform is polar opposite .
elizabeth ... &quot; o say can you see &quot; ?
mental health was the problem with sandy hook not gun control .
as a new yorker i can &apos;t wait to vote your ass out .
i wish i knew how to get tammy duckworth &apos;s post off my facebook !
his sexist , racist , anti-free speech treatment of senator warren was loathsome , and cannot be countenanced .
if she wins the primary , i will pencil # berniesanders in .
dear congresswoman slaughter , millions of people around the world have called upon the government of china to officially end the dog meat festival and stop the mass slaughter of dogs all year round in yulin .
we are on social security / medicare , and some of our meds have become unaffordable .
i hope you and amy k are doing all that you can to insure our ss will be around for a long long time .
all these haters make me sick .
but is this &quot; intercept &quot; quote true , mr booker ?
wow hope those republicans stay home or rally around hilary clinton or barney sanders who ever the democratic leader is , to stop trump
franken you have been on washington 5 1 / 2 years now a day don &apos;t hardly pass with out seeing your name must have a election coming up .
thank you for all the work you are doing .
another republican heard from elizabeth warren .
i &apos;ve been living for 13 years with words told to me by my amazing , deceased dad ... &quot; don &apos;t argue when you know you &apos;re right . &quot;
hold his feet to the fire , senator warren .
homes were looted over the thanksgiving weekend , senator .
the man eating kind that sit on the senate agriculture committee with campaigns that are funded by corporate bullies like monsanto and kellogg &apos;s .
i live in ireland and my fear is if he gets to white house that &apos;s the end of us all , he incites so much hatred it &apos;s unreal .
like letting monsanto write the farm bill and voting for it or allowing mining to destroy the northern minnesota water shed .
thank you very much senator merkley .
i think the video will make clear why larsen did not show up .
earl i tried leaving a message on your office phone , but it wasn &apos;t enough time .
i accept the gay society as people but i do not support their right to misuse the religious ritual of marriage when it is clearly written in the bible .
and the war on drugs is little more than a joke .
even women like you debbie stabenow need to be honored .
happy for you sister mary elizabeth ....
i voted for you , so now lets get to business ... new orleans need you , and new orleans east really needs you ! ! ! ! ! !
you go get them cory !
dear senator warren : i love the job you &apos;re doing .
filibuster rule change and infrastructure bank please !
thank you senator brown for fighting for the women of ohio and america .
still waiting on someone to defend their wonderful president for supplying drug cartels with m16s and ak47s , used to kill innocent people .
when we see a vote that seems to follow the money ( all the $ received from drug companies ) we become concerned .
patty , how does expressing your opinion through your vote equal partisanship ?
today wa democrats voiced their overwhelming support of bernie sanders for potus over ms. clinton .
are canadians rolling in the streets from poisoning ?
http : / / hotair.com / archives / 2016 / 02 / 15 / video-schumer-insists-that-lame-duck-president-should-not-get-supreme-court-pick / check out the opinion of chuck schumer , the person who is expected to replace harry reid as leader .
when is the justice department going to really seriously go after wall street and the banks and start arresting these thieves individually .
and the fact that v a and ft bliss would rather have green grass on golf courses than at national cemetery for those who served is shameful
what has she done for ny so far ..... nothing but talk !
native americans are killed by the police at the highest rates .
thank you sen. harris .
so glad you &apos;re in there elizabeth warren .
you are one of my heroes , congresswoman !
but , we democrats need a strong leader .
this will bring the prices down because of competition , and it would greatly cut down on violence in our poor neighborhoods , where dealing drugs is the only way some see as a way out of poverty .
are we just instantly tea baggers to be attacked and mocked by democrats until we roll over ?
language immersion has also shown to tremendously benefit young minds , as they reach the cognitive stage of mental development .
thank you for your honorable work representing us .
these spree killers are not interested in people who can fight back , they want to slaughter unarmed people .
thank you for standing up and boycotting the inauguration .
u.s. senator elizabeth warren - ask hillary and bill clinton why bill called trump and encouraged him to run for president ?
just for the record : only 1 democratic senator voted to block the unemployment extension : ben nelson of nebraska .
fagot made weapon by planet terrorist , individual ( s ) misuse , appropriate action ?
keep moving with it amy
cory booker you backed hillary , you are not just part of the problem you are the problem .
a decent human being and a great representative for all of us !
so glad , debbie , to see your tribute to ariel , very little has been said about his passing on fb , israel really lost him when he had his stroke ,
i &apos;m very concerned about bannon getting a seat on the national security council , replacing the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff .
keep it up tammy !
you had my vote from the primaries on .... go get em kamala
i &apos;m proud to have a senator courageous enough to say no to pipa !
al doesn &apos;t support the gun stuff without reservation &amp; hesitation ? ?
look into monsanto , media moguls and the pharmaceutical companies .
how about changing it to domestic violence ?
funny thing that people are complaining about you not attending , when many of the gop didn &apos;t attend obama &apos;s inauguration .
in the spirit of this post , i cannot remain silent about something to make everyone on this post ( and myself ) comfortable .
happy , healthy , and productive new year to you amy .
i &apos;m a woman &amp; if i feel i need contraception then i can be adult enough to go buy it myself , as i always have .
yet the dnc and hillary campaign stole the primary race from the bernie sanders campaign .
keep working , ron .
you said nothing when they shafted ol &apos; bernie .
thank you # feelthebern
taxation , printing , borrowing ... which one of those is a net positive for you ?
wall st. execs are crooks .
so richie is declaring that he intends to continue ignoring the evidence that the policies he advocates so strongly don &apos;t work .
so sorry for your loss al franken ...
love to you elizabeth .... just no money lol
thank you , senator gillibrand for standing up for what is right !
gmo labeling helps me make my choices .
just remember amy the dems will not be in power for ever .
wilson openly opined that black human beings were inferior and were helped by jim crow laws .
main street voices
thank you , senator for all the workyou do for us in mn and especially to act against violence my it be domestic or sexual .... no one deserves to be violated .
i think we all need to start packing and find new homes in canada or mexico if this person is elected .
here is what happened in texas , this mother was denied food stamps ~ this was preventable ~ what does rick perry do for his state , besides campaign 4himself &amp; execute people 4profits ? ? ? ? ? ?
she is corrupt and stands with monsanto-the gmo empire .
amy , hear us and stand up for us !
el paso is made up of democrats , republicans , an independents .
grand rapids , michigan
instead you let it splinter between bernie and a charlatan who has used every dirty trick in the book to gain the nomination before the first votes were cast and now you say you want to fight trump ?
the peaceful protesters are not what people or the police is upset about .
keep fighting to help those of us who suffer from mental illness .
so glad that you are on top of this debbie
go tammy ! !
wow thank you sen. wyden .
but don &apos;t let trump and his gang steal away the internet .
lane was a great representative for all of us .
elizabeth , melt the guns !
every thinking , feeling person is rooting for you .
anna terblanche
hillary can &apos;t win against trump , only bernie can ..... wake up and smell the honesty !
it &apos;s you who should out the political bullshit aside and stand along our greatest ally and democracy in the middle east .
what about all the people blah blah fucking blah ?
violence is never a solution .
you mr brown are an embarrassment to all ohioans it &apos;s really time for all of you lifelong politicians to have term limits ..
in the 19th century , democrats prevented black americans from going to public school .
hillary is a cancerous corrupt corporate puppet and anyone who supports her is as well .
i love hillary and voted for her !
the claim of &quot; thoughtful counseling &quot; is total hogwash whereas a woman &apos;s right to seek medical care and abortion services is not .
than you , mr. cory .
there &apos;s blood money on your hands louise and it was less than 9 mos old when it spilled .
and you are a moron debbie !
support elizabeth warren !
truth rev cleaver we love our work just work smart as well as hard ; )
i know you &apos;re friends with hillary and all ... but america needs bernie , not another clinton !
i appreciate your leadership , amy !
thank you so much for this post , senator bennet !
the social issue of violence has deep seeded causes that are not as simple as the government declaring war on any of them .
elizabeth warren , this is your fault .
please senator booker don &apos;t stop until there is an independent investigation
trains that burn fossil fuels and the high risk of derailments causing leaks and explosions are environmental disasters .
thank you , senator warren .
i must have missed something , the violence i saw was from anti-trump supporters , you know , the tolerance crowd ...
happy new year to you and yours ! !
trump is none of what she &apos;s describing .
i loved everything she had to say , and how she said it .
schumer , spineless , and un-american piece of garbage .
hahahaha did big pharma pay you to quote faulkner ?
the nra is a domestic terror organization that represents the rights of killers and madmen at the expense of all other americans .
loving me some al ! ! !
why so quiet about that , amy ?
believe me paul , i will be fully engaged when representative pallone is up in 2012 and i promise you that the results of that election will reflect his absolute betrayal of his constituents .
amy .... keep up the good work you do .
blah , blah , blah ..... cory , you lost my support when you sold out to the pharmaceutical industry .
a ray of light in a very dark day .
thank you patty for always working to make life a little better for us at home .. we all appreciate all tht you do ....
i can not tell you enough how proud we are of you , just talked with jay mcnamer the other day , he thinks you are one strong women that we need , and we agree totally , thank you amy for all your hard work and also for your family .
richard navis she said some of the dirtiest fossil fuels .
step up and get behind bernie .
she clearly showed the world she is clueless about all things involving education .
elizabeth , please help us .
a lot of work getting sanders democrats elected on the local level .
hmmm , unions usually not so hot on wall street , but i see some members endorse your pro-wall street work .
if i &apos;m a terrorist and want to kill you that &apos;s okay ?
you endorsed hillary , while your state wanted bernie .
dear senator warren : i live in western , ma and am mighty proud to call you my senator .
i am a med tech and this is dangerous .
americans have been polite , quiet , and silent long enough .
i say bullshit
what are you , senate , congress , democratic party doing about allegations of russia hacking and influencing our election .
bernie has made similar comments .
pain &gt; anger &gt; hatred &gt; violence are destructive .
i am so happy to hear you &apos;re having a change of heart about gun control legislation .
hope bernie run by his own
so , please , make stricter gun laws a top priority .
madam vice president go 2020 ! !
happy birthday please run for president we need you !
anyone who tries to cover up incidents of injustice contribute to the negative image of police officers .
i do not feel as if any of my family , relatives , or friends , to include my self feel dishonored by xeriscaping , as ft. bliss is twice as nice and pretty as when we had green grass .
or funding flint mi clean water problems ?
what about our votes , sherrod brown ?
i was shocked on your vote against importing less expensive prescription drugs .
i don &apos;t see you kristen gillibrand coming up with any solutions in resolving the attack on christians my radical muslims .
please go back and tell your friends at the dnc to run a clean primary next time .
yesterday i spoke for several minutes with an aide , urging you to kick @ ss with your fellow democrats who are opposed or undecided .
bernie sanders for president 2016 because he is the right choice and not bought and paid for .
you mean rick the racist don &apos;t you ?
thank you so much for all your hard work helping folks .
from a vermonter , thank you ... you and bernie give me hope ..
the jews have suffered many holocausts throughout history due to their refusal to accept the values and gods of the world .
what other country in the world is averaging 355 mass kill situations a year ?
well rick does a person need to be a us citizen to vote ?
lapointe for congress !
besides he was al ready on a watch list .
still your vote for tpp will devastate future generations .
the maria cantwell mobile = https : / / www.facebook.com / photo.php ? fbid = 598527763539144 &amp; set = a.290060734385850.68535.289995011059089 &amp; type = 1 &amp; theater
i hope so , cory .
i hope we can one day say the same about you , ms. warren !
i think you &apos;ve been bought by big pharma and i won &apos;t ever forget it .
you do so much good and yet you let yourself be taken in by big pharma $ $ .
i &apos;m sure congress woman anna eshoo , your forefathers are very proud of you , so do your people .
with all the guns in our society , and gun killing images on tv constantlly , how do you propose we teach impressionable children and young adults that guns are not the great equalizer ?
thank you , senator , for your hard work guided by real american values .
what was that your first campaign speech for 2020 ... good luck ... maybe you should file it away until 2024 .
kirsten gillibrand what i &apos;m getting from the news , &apos; fake &apos; and hopefully real is that not only is the # constitution being assaulted by the current administration but that the traditions that have governed the way congress is run are being destroyed and thrown out every single day , every hour , every minute .
our town will be the poorer for your absence , kyrsten !
thank you for your service ms. duckworth !
unless your &quot; discount &quot; card offers 85 % off or better ... it isnt cheaper then my medications on canada &apos;s reputable websites researched and approved by pharmacist accredidation agencies ! ! !
rick &quot; do not drink the cool-aid &quot;
mark burns cleaver .
88 % of stillbirths are caused by drugs which are passed as being safe in animal tests , according to a study in germany .
you give so tirelessly of yourself , not just in office , but spreading hope all over minnesota !
congrats to our new senator !
... go giants and go kamala on tomorrow &apos;s election ! ! !
good going amy .
healthy 20-something here , not terribly in need of insurance , but i &apos;m grateful for it when i hurt myself .
exactly what i have been saying mrs. warren .
a military offensive would incite retaliation and more violence .
you are an idiot nancy pelosi !
so - when someone in high power votes against affordable prescriptions in favor of his campaign donors .... ?
for all of your flowery rhetoric on talk shows and the like , your action to vote no with flawed reasoning regarding canada &apos;s drugs not meeting fda standards seem so lame , inaccurate , so new jerseian , and frankly so republican .
blumenthal fan !
i &apos;m very happy you &apos;re his friend , however , i &apos;m not feeling all warm and fuzzy about him .
we must demand truth in our media , we must hold people accountable for their words and actions , and we must build a strong progressive coalition from the bottom up to fight the koch brothers red tide .
the notion that it was loaded with extras is just not relevant , much as right wingers love it as an all-purpose explanation for whatever .
and i would say its a pay equity issue as 85 % of teachers are female .
this is no victory for women .
it is more than apparent that the dnc failed to listen to its supporters when it came to nominating you for president realizing that you were a better candidate to go up against trump .
go , amy .
cry me a river the rest of you are despicable and your noise and resistance will eventually get you ignored or ousted .
i &apos;m so happy to have you represent nh .
thanks mark pocan
i think it is time for you to come out against the coal trains rick .
( our &quot; next &quot; female president ! ) ... hopefully ! !
i &apos;m not planning to die driving at night into a void where a bridge used to be .
senator merkley - what are you going to do to bring about equality on a federal level ?
i don &apos;t agree with booker or obama on every issue , they are after all just humans , and politicians .
i have so much love and admiration for you , cory booker .
vice president tulsi gabbard 2016-----president tulsi gabbard 2020
john stewart is awesome .
kamila harris had you even read the executive order i think not ! ! !
give corporations incentives for creating jobs stateside please !
you had your chance to run liz .
elizabeth warren , i love you 😍
bannon is far more frightening than trump .
please continue to speak publicly as much as possible about this important voter restriction amendment .
because let &apos;s face it , trump is hardly respectable .
outside church / temple / house of prayer this weekend offer your testimony for patty .
your a blind bat elizabeth warren
encites supporters to violence ?
but ... this week alone , congressman dan lipinski introduced a resolution to celebrate catholic ( private schools ) .
seems you have drifted over from being one of the good people , voting against affordable meds .
btw , after you speak with sen durbin about his differing pay scales you may want to discuss the same thing with hillary .
yes , i also noticed the proliferation of phony you tube videos which popped up supposedly showing &apos; rebels &apos; executing syrian army members and claiming to be real footage .
i &apos;m from minnesota !
so i guess by your example and other democrats - you are not my congresswoman .
as clearly stated , possible &quot; infections include parasites such as e. coli 107 and salmonella ( https : / / awionline.org / dogmeat ) .
kamala harris trump is going to eliminate art programs from pbs and npr .
you are a spineless , two-faced coward , cory booker .
we need some fighting democrats and no more wussie democrats .
i love the electoral college .
keep up the hard work carol ... makes us proud
thank you , jim for representing our interests and doing what is right .
if they really check up on false claims and rip off schemes and pricing on medication insurance would be cheaper
# bernie2016 # debatewithbernie # feelthebern
warren sanders is an unbeatable ticket
congratulations to both you and peter !
a robust .5 % ftt on wall street transactions , to pay for free higher education , universal healthcare , environmental protection , good jobs and more .
where do you stand on those issues , and how can we trust you to promote them when you act as a fear-monger about the safety of canadian drugs ?
can &apos;t elisabeth warren be more predictable ?
if you want our support , you have to do better mr. booker .
you are an amazing role model and keep hope alive for those of us who are scared that we are losing our country to moral turpitude and political ineptitude .
next year walsh cannot carry the whole team in an important game .
no one tolerates the kkk , except several southern democrats like the now deceased west virginia senator and others .
also , am curious why you voted against less expensive pharmaceuticals from canada .
publicly endorse bernie already ! !
the trouble is you and your radical left wing extremists have made work a bad word .. since january 2008 , the labor participation rate has gone from 66.2 % of the adult population to 62.9 % .
a president-elect that bad mouths congressman lewis and hasn &apos;t enough character to honor martin luther king .
thank you for your commitment to justice
most indy pharma lose on these anyway .
the democrats actions will force many of the seniors out of their homes and maybe the commonwealth along with being forced to make a decision to not eat healthy and to eat dog food .
thank you for all your hard work on our behalf .
i hope you can get sen schumer to do so also .
change your superdelegate vote to represent your people please do your job .
elizabeth warren , it &apos;s funny how i found out about u.s. senator bernie sanders because of you , even before he ran for election .
typical right wing argumentation .
no fred , i &apos;ve contributed to sherrod before i was ever promised anything .
hillary will make the appointments .
and yes , let &apos;s focus on the constitution---how about equal rights for all !
thanks , debbie !
couldn &apos;t have said it any better , mr. franken .
really disappointed in you voting to protect the obscene profits of pharmaceutical industry , while thousands die each year because they can &apos;t afford their medicine .
thank you senator casey .
it &apos;s too bad hillary is running against him , guess i &apos;ll be voting for jill stein instead .
lockstep guinta has to go
why isn &apos;t it the violence against everyone act ?
after 45 yrs as a voting democrat i will be leaving the dnc if h * llary is still the nominee after &quot; carelessness and irresponsible decisions . &quot;
at last , in this cold weather , a place for those we know about in our own mn .
montanans are so grateful and proud to have you working hard and representing us on a national level , senator tester !
thank you mr. mark pocan
senator byrd may have been a racist southerner 60 years ago but , unlike today &apos;s tea party lunatics , he saw the error of his ways and recanted .
i support dialogue between opposing views , that &apos;s democracy , but this show of racism , bigotry and small-mindedness is disgusting .
so sorry stephen
please bring equality to the lgbt community .
at a minimum , disallow semi automatic weapons .
loved the three-point compromise plan to avoid sequestration , and really glad that you called big pharma and the health insurance companies on their part in driving up health care costs .
you have done so much patty to see the vetrans as people who have served and sacrificed , who now need us to serve and sacrifice for them .
from the outside ..... it seems like you left bernie , out on a limb .
thank you larry sessions starman @ usa.net denver ( 80224 )
hey brown , it was bipartisan !
cut with the phony tears and stop parading kids on your stage .
just giving ms. gillibrand the opportunity to keep showing others that she will never answer her constituent &apos;s questions .
i vote for amy all the way ~ ~ ! ! ! !
but you and hillary clinton shared the same trait !
please please open your heart to these innocent dogs , that have no say so to get so beat -tortured and eating instead of loved &amp; part of a family .
the girl sitting next to me - who went through the don &apos;t be a jerk class - just blurts out &quot; woman needs to find herself a man ! &quot;
tell the gop to cut entitlements to big corporations &amp; wall street instead of ssa &amp; medicare .
why do you seem to think they shouldn &apos;t be represented by the ny senator ?
thank you for all your good work , amy , including these seemingly little things that make a big difference for families !
mahalo senator brian schatz
i called your office to urge you to oppose sessions and am very pleased that you are early to declare you will vote &quot; no &quot; .
now i ask , when patty murray decides she is not going to run again , is everything she has done and will do in future going to credited to her or is she going to be swept under the rug along with all the good she has done here in washington ?
the road to serfdom , the road to socialism , the road to marxism , all compliments of patty murray and her buddies in congress .
klobuchar is for another 8 years of this great prosperity and great jobs obama &apos;s given us for the last 8 years .
the vast majority of human trafficking victims ( 80 % ) are women .
bless you , for ever and ever , chuck .
i can not figure out why more of the washington elite don &apos;t put their weight behind bernie if they feel the way you do ?
she only spent two decades trying to enact &quot; gun control &quot; without understanding how firearms operate .
he &apos;s our progressive standard bearer , we have to work together to survive .
mrs. warren , all &apos;s good , however ... america is not a democracy ... http : / / www.bbc.com / news / blogs-echochambers-27074746
this would be a good start amy !
back in march when they were first posted palin faced criticism and requests to tone down the violent rhetoric .
they dogged obama every step of the way and i expect the democratic party to do the same , otherwise their small sliver of real support ( the 3 million more voters who did not vote for trump ) will wane and that will be the end of democracy in this country .
this is truly scary to me .
3 } bannon has been nominated for that post in the white house .
so glad for all who fight social injustice !
we need you , earl .
rick larsen--please use your superdelegate vote to stand with your constituents !
portland / blumenauer does not define the 99 % thank god .
i would love hillary and sen. mccaskill to prove us skeptics wrong because that means endless lives are saved and perhaps even life on the planet some day .
joe walsh cannot tolerate views and opinions that are contrary to his .
10 / 30 / 16 rep. john lewis thanks sisters of saint joseph motherhouse in pittsford for saving his life in 1965 more details at : www.rochesterfirst.com / news / local-news / rep-john-lewis-thanks-sisters-for-saving-his-life-in-1965 / 603295541
the passage and implementation of the civil society proclamation and the counter-terrorism law have significantly tightened political space throughout the country , and the rights to freedom of expression , association and assembly exercised by opposition candidates have been deeply restricted .
cory , i &apos;d respect you more if you &apos;d stand up to big pharma and its pricing in the usa .
elizabeth , i thank god for the gift of you in our world .
debbie , you know better .
thank you amy for all of your work .
iam hoping we get a democratic governor.sorry , but i lost all faith and respect for the gop the way they are acting now-on behalf of $ $ $ $ corporate lobbyists.i would nt vote for a republican jackass if i had a choice between a bum on the corner or a republican candidate .
good luck elizabeth , we need you ... we have your back .... brown does not care about women
thanks representative cohen , any injustice needs to be address , because we all benefit , when people fight against injustice change occurs !
i think we should boycott hobby lobby so they go out of business ...
i can &apos;t believe that senator bennet , aka flaming liberal is thinking on this issue .
please support u.s. senator bernie sanders
this is one more step toward the true equality of all u.s. citizens .
we need you for massachusetts in the senate !
thanks amy klobuchar for doing something about ais or mn is going to be lost and tourism as we know it will be gone .
thanks to al franken .
merry xmas and happy holidays to you and yours .
respect must be earned ; the president-elect has done nothing to earn even one shred of respect since he began his campaign of racism , misogyny , hate , ridicule , and fear-mongering .
we also need expose the questionable treatment of african americans in the cjss .
we are in good hands , senator !
thank you senator kirsten gillibrand ! ! !
betty you are seriously wrong on this issue and for our state .
in the san juan &apos;s i gave 4 speeches with q + a over two days and larsen said he could not attend nor did he send a representative .
it is important that they term &quot; domestic violence &quot; be dropped - violence is violence just because it is a women being violated - it ought not be less of an offense .
if they want to be paid the same i better be able to hit a woman in the face if she pisses me off .
( my guess is the right wing &quot; producer &quot; myth is lurking around this , somewhere . )
... being a medford girl i recall mr. markey going to the annual thanksgiving day football game - a consummate politician .
the economy , why big banks get away with so much .
it &apos;s a start , but let &apos;s also ban the sale of assault rifles .
i cried this morning reading the news ... i don &apos;t do that ( normally ) but the tears were running down freely .
people who say why would democrats vote for bernie he &apos;s not a democrat ?
was it delay or haster ( sounds mmore like delay tactics ) who offered $ 150,000 to ghis son &apos;s campaign if he would just pretty please vote for the medicare drug bill ... which benefitted big pharma much more than seniors .
why is a pedophile ring centering around dnc members not being reported on ? ..
we need to take on drug companies who are preventing less costly generic drugs from coming to market and who are fighting the importation of less costly drugs from abroad .
we need more mn representatives in and for our state like amy , al f , keith e , i. pappas , z.dorholt - who work for the people rather than trying to destroy good government
hillary &apos;s pretty good at looking at her speech cheats
she not only voted down bill to reduce costs , she took almost 1 / 2million from large pharmaceutical companies .
the only candidate to win in a trump race is the other anti-establishment candidate , senator bernie sanders !
i say that knowing that today , right now , in new jersey there are in fact several same gender legal marriages !
do you think neil or any educated science teacher can teach our president elect about how the earth and climate work ?
yes , happy birthday !
there has been violence and looting the past 4 days , the start of schools has been delayed a week in the area because of this .
you got this kyrsten .
congressman o &apos;rourke , thank you for your tremendous service to el paso and the region .
slam dunk for elizabeth warren !
nh needs a senate representative that works for the country and the state that elected them ; not for their $ 175,000 paycheck , fancy healthcare plan unlike yours , a retirement plan unlike yours , perks that you never get at your job etc .
stand up for the environment and for our minorities and women .
elizabeth for president ! ! !
this is about donald trump , not a condemnation or judgment of elizabeth warren .
my thanks go out to sen. donnelly for standing up for the best humanitarian values , and going against voices of hate and intolerance .
waa great news *
the dnc did this to all of us .
great commentary by jan and bernie sanders !
great work , senator .
come on tim kaine !
bla , bla bla ... holding the big banks accountable , bla bla bla ...
mr. pascrell , jr. is always support the people loving from of syria what you said is right and the world must act against this barbaian attacks .
david wolfe , you willful ignorance speaks more about you then elizabeth warren .
people that use their freedom to drink alcohol and do drugs are supporting and increasing crime , sexual and physical assault , abortions and taxes .
please release this as an official statement and take proactive steps to pressure trump to rescind this appointment .
thank you , claire , for listening and investigating before voting .
may your vision and heart and inspiring words help us heal .
you learn that redirect from your mistress hillary ?
good job , congresswoman !
don &apos;t let us down sherrod !
excellent to have you kirsten !
doesn &apos;t anyone realize that these mass shootings are not done with regular &quot; hunting &quot; rifles , nor by hand held pistols &#91; of / for self-defense &#93; .
i really hope the democratic party in ma have learned their lesson and will nominate a strong , progressive candidate like senator warren .
why does losing to a girl make it worse elizabeth warren
i hope you &apos;ll endorse bernie sanders as he beats trump with higher numbers than hillary ; many people will not vote for her .
hillary is worse , a president trump is on the heads of the democratic establishment .
slick sinister silent surreal !
differences between the sexes is reactionary propaganda .
congratulations , congresswoman lowey !
why do you insist on bringing a knife to a gun fight every election ?
brian , i just hope that hawaii benefits from it .
she &apos;s fighting .
what they also predicted was lisa simpson coming in and cleaning it up ... pointy haired college professor phd woman wearing a red dress ..... elizabeth warren is our lisa simpson !
stand by it then , colleen , and let others take your measure from it .
sen. shaheen misses the mark with her reforms to higher education http : / / www.fosters.com / apps / pbcs.dll / article ? aid = % 2f20140615 % 2fgjopinion _ 0102 % 2f140619702 % 2f-1 % 2ffosopinion
amy , i truly hope all of you can get it done !
in 2008 , the electorate showed the dnc that they wanted a grassroots candidate , a young and pretty much no name senator from illinois .
keep fighting for our planet .
trump is unqualified and unfit to lead .
you have big tennis shoes and they never wear out .
senator booker - your safety stance on this vote is a load of crap .
earl , don &apos;t forget that even reagan raised taxes when he realized his enormous tax cuts were too big .
not free college paid for by wall street ?
i &apos;ve had great bosses , colleagues , friends , classmates and neighbors that are jewish and have benefited tremendously from knowing them .
that &apos;s close to a bernie endorsement , but i tend to like to go all the way !
just because shes a women doesn &apos;t mean she will vote right .
no surprise that amy loves monopolies , too .
hrc peeps , i know , not in this election .
senator , this is 2015 and justice and science matter , end cannabis prohibition .
vote her ass out ! !
how about voting for lower prescription costs ? ! ?
senator booker help americans because they are ready to be helped .
i can agree with the dnc keeping people poor to stay in power but gop is no better .
there is hope for america ... now lets move from hate to progress
i &apos;ll support you dick .
we will not continue to see the same energy use per person or services provided to each person by increasing the use of sustainable energy methods and improved efficiency in the use of energy .
thank you for helping victims of sexual assault !
flint was the fault of your useless party you incompetent prick
i liked sanders a lot more before he self-invented as jesus .. his attacks continue and i find his efforts incredibly divisive and unpatriotic and they give trump more ammunition against hillary .
dark act / s . 764 ( high-tech gmo labeling ) bill is up for house vote this week - fda and rep. conaway ( r-head of house ag committee ) think the bill is &quot; riddled with ambiguity . &quot;
thank you congressman yarmuth for speaking my mind .
stand strong senator brown !
friend just came back from mexico and she said everyone thinks trump is a big joke .
equal rights must include transgender rights .
mrs. debbie stabenow , why are we not already impeaching him ... that requires the senate not the american people .
absolutely correct , elizabeth !
mr. booker , i believe you have some explaining to do .
thank you for your service and taking care of the people of michigan .
exciting - wow - let &apos;s try depressing .
now put some pressure on kitz to get the oregon web site up .
it is time for democrats to unite with like-minded republicans to fiercely oppose trump &apos;s attempt to install white supremacist steve bannon in the white house .
yes and when senator schumer had the nerve to show emotion our president bullied him and asked to meet his &quot; acting coach &quot; for his &quot; fake tears &quot; .
i fail to see how two loving , consenting adults coming together in the union of marriage is such a bad thing .
instead of setting up a huge commute line for the state of washington from spokane to seattle and seattle to spokane you and the rest of the government is setting it up for portland , oregon to vancouver , bc ?
thank you for the information , congresswoman !
well stated elizabeth , too bad so many will insist your facts are all lies .
but bill and hillary are going ...
which is why i will be voting and / or writing in bernie sanders .
pretty much the reason trump got elected senator .
the world and the us will be a much more dangerous place with trump in the white house .
elizabeth warren is too much of an establishment politician to support bernie sanders .
the republican kkk is in opposition to healthcare , that is sick
i &apos;m disappointed that you , amy , would stoop the tugging on all those emotional strings to paint your republican colleagues in such unfavorable light .
pass the bill , patty !
debbie i totally agree with you : - (
the sooner this transition is made , the better .
congrats kaine - so very happy for you , me , and va ! ! !
i depended on help from food banks and relatives to eat and feed my pets .
when women become equal we will celebrate for now , we fight
thank you for your continued support of diplomacy with iran .
i wish we could eat non-gmo food affordably for the holidays , but because you voted against labeling gmo &apos;s , that seems like a distant reality .
go kirsten gillibrand !
senator sessions is not a good choice and should not be confirmed .
why aren &apos;t you hillary &apos;s vice president ? ! !
proud union member for 27 years ! !
good luck and with you we minnesotans feel at peace .
rock it , liz
senator bennett – thank you for taking such an early and strong stand on guns and violence .
i &apos;ve seen this all my life : police using fire hoses on african americans , citizens refusing to let little children enter an all white school , and now we have people who would &quot; define &quot; marriage as an institution between a man and a woman .
please just stabilize the party and endorse senator sanders
they control the senate remember - half of congress ms warren .
mrs. warren how can you back her when she goes against everything you are fighting for ?
i am glad you are happy ms warren
thirteen mile road repair took three years to complete between mound road and van dyke .
i &apos;ve bought drugs in other countries and have been impressed with cost and quality !
nothing they affraid they will get shot yet they riot in streets knowing that if they get shot it will be made as racial issue they are cowards .
you are a wonderful role model for all americans !
you are doing a great job nancy .
well said - please give your support to hilary
i &apos;d hate for big business to control my internet , especially with comcast being allowed to buy time warner thus reducing the internet providers .
democrats are against trump .
this is awful rhetoric , and sadly typical of our present democratic leadership .
only poignant ( which does not mean funny , for you trump supporters ) you all are so ignorant .
you are both very very wrong .. trump.is awesome and says what everyone is thinking ... the riots are fake .. attempt by the democratic party to make him look bad .. do your research hun !
when i was in my 20s , i learned that women made 64 cents for every male-earned dollar .
regards of color , gender or religion .
senator gillibrand , thank you for taking a stand on this and many other issues .
she is stupid to think hillary would have chosen her as a running mate , as usual hillary was just using her , wonder how much money she gave hillary and bill and how much she helped them raise to put in their pockets .
mr. booker , perfect is the enemy of progress .
hope your mom is healing .
you are against gmo labelling .
chuck did you urge the same in 2011 ?
# feelthebern # womenforbernie so disappointed in you .
i can &apos;t wait for elizabeth warren to join you in the senate ! !
no one ever talked about sexism in depth .
well put senator wyden .
que triste pero es hora de orar p q dios disponga p un presidente que tema a dios lo aprecio mucho don pablo y extraño tanto cariño suyo y de ant adely los amo y extraño muchisimo y que orgullo saber q es un super escritor besos alicia
now i think i &apos;m beginning to understand why you haven &apos;t endorsed sanders .
thank you amy , keep up the good work and save social security and medicare
to recap the last 5 days : * on january 19th , 2017 , dt said that he would cut funding for the doj &apos;s violence against women programs .
i am not fortunate enough to have family that accepts mental illness ( or some bodily illnesses ) , nor do they find ssi or ssdi acceptable .
sen. klobuchar , please oppose any amendment to the transportation bill that would approve the keystone pipeline !
i am not a huge fan of donald trump but i am less a fan of yours .
rock the orange and black , jackie !
please promise us you will run in 2020. help us obi wan warren , you are our only hope !
thank you amy for looking at the highway 14 from new ulm and east .
please vote resistance in every opportunity you get .
&quot; pause maybe necessary &quot; chuck remember that in 2015 ?
brown appeared unprepared and nervous .
sorry for your loss senator franken .
senator booker , as a constituent ( princeton , 08540 ) i am deeply disappointed in your vote on this issue .
it has nothing to do with who won the election , and has everything to do with supporting the peaceful transition of power .
keep on &apos; em senator mark warner .
not even sure about any of the democratic party any longer .
ms. klobuchar , the citizens put you in your office to work for them .
and the bernie or bust movement would rather see this man elected if their candidate doesn &apos;t win the nom .
your a pathetic wimp jim .
brian was so eager to again expose the hypocrisy of pallone he made a keystroke error .
i think it &apos;s being driven by the big money right-wing usual suspects : sheldon adelson , karl rove , grover norquist and the koch brothers ( etc ) .
and , yes , go blue !
jon tester is trying to be responsible in the spirit of compromise , not just for montanans , for all americans .
safety can always be addressed through more action .
thank you for fighting so hard , we support and appreciate you !
elizabeth , you &apos;re more optimistic than me , but we can hope for the best .
wasn &apos;t it about importing drugs from canada ?
i know you will do your best to represent all of minnesota .
i am in transition again after 7 weeks of employment by a company that mislead 5 employees and misused the &quot; stepup program &quot; what &apos;s the next step for finding employment .
senator warren , you still don &apos;t need to endorse hillary or bernie , despite your being continually bludgeoned to support bernie by his true believers .
i admire you ms. warren .
it &apos;s his detractors , clinton and sanders supporters , who apparently will resort to violence if they can &apos;t have they way through the democratic process .
the reason the military offers chaplains is because they always have this falls to the root of the problem with &quot; this is the way we have always done it &quot; i am also a professional that works with clients daily that have mental health issues .
vote republican = more jobs , lower taxes , hotter women # facts
thank you senator chuck schumer for standing up for affordable care ... i really appreciate it .
why did your parents immigrate to america anna eshoo ?
senator murray , it is sad to learn you are unaware of what dyslexic children and their parents face in the way of outright discrimination and neglect in many of this nation &apos;s schools , and sometimes even emotional abuse .
duckworth is a great leader .
happy father &apos;s day to all your dads kirsten !
who is looking into trump &apos;s businesses and possible conflict of interest .
boo for you , and shame on you , rep. polis , for voting against syrian refugees .
i am wondering if some wonderful republican &apos;s were at the ceremony to honor this wonderful woman .
someone should ask ew how much her home costs ?
rip senator , and sincere condolences to family , friends and colleagues .
your a scumbag if you vote for this tpp
a healthy , happy 2015 but most of all peace on earth ! ........ dear elizabeth , why must their be sides ( political parties ) ?
* sigh * following which i would love to see as many years with my gender in power as we have had males in that same position .
would you have agreed to it if hrc had won the ec and trump had won a majority ?
keep up the fight sherrod ( senator ) .
much gratitude , ms. gillibrand !
republicans have always voted to prevent the govt from negotiating lower drug prices .
so happy that you are representing the great state of illinois in the senate .
just called some wa state supers and told them just saw bernie on c-span talking about supers , then asked them politely to please wait till the ca primary dust settles before they commit .
i thought you were from the state of michigan - the state that once upon a time was the auto capital of the world .
thankful for a booker 2020 card !
hilary please stick to talking about &quot; our progressive values .
i have been following your career for a while , and i feel you may just be what will make the right changed come 2020. please learn from the defeat of clinton .
i &apos;m not for trump 100 % but i &apos;m not against him either .... i hate hilary and think she &apos;s a disgraceful joke .... but , , , let &apos;s face it , , none of them really care about us and if trump gets it , he can &apos;t do any worse than obama ....
thank you so much senator murray for standing up for the only women &apos;s health care i can afford ! !
patty , why don &apos;t you work on a senate budget ?
thank you so much , senator gillibrand for your ongoing work to protect the rights of women .
will democrats please stop obsessing over donald trump !
do you really think that you &apos;re a different kind of human being than the refugees ?
unite with bernie and let &apos;s beat this man ! ! !
dt just cannot become the president of our country ... i am so fearful right now : (
another question i have is , wouldn &apos;t striking against bashar al assad &apos;s forces put us on the same side as our &quot; sworn enemies &quot; , al qaida and the like ?
you are one of the good ones congresswoman tammy duckworth .
donald trump isn , t slave world but only slave usa b / c your choose him
senator blumenthal you must vote no on judge gorsuch .
madam president will work hard towards this with the help from congress .. : )
welcome back scott brown .
great great grand child of a boston pol , whatever
meanwhile , keep on truckin &apos; senator schumer .
i feel genuinely fortunate for the excellent representation that you and sen. klobuchar provide for our state !
hold strong kirsten
thanks for your hard work on our behalf senator .
i have vowed to work with ceasefire oregon to advocate for sensible gun reform and legislation .
keep up the great work , congresswoman !
thanks for raising the taxes of working people , thanks for shitting on the constitution , thanks for indebting my grandchildren by giving half a billion to solyndra ( your campaign bundlers ) , and thanks for supplying semi automatic rifles to the mexican drug cartels .
hopefully all your colleagues adopt the same attitude !
for that i salute beto
i want to meet senator warren before i die .
we are becoming so 3 rd world in our treatment of woman in this country
thank you , senator g
ha ha ha ... elizabeth warren is a class act , but trump is not .
speaking of &quot; doing the right thing &quot; , how about speaking out about the evil tpp abomination ?
abolish the electoral college , it &apos;s antiquated and unnecessary .
for those of you who think mental illness is the root cause of evil , think again .
i &apos;m doing the merkley dance tonight !
lots of protest going on in your response , very interesting indeed .
please stop this horrible social experiment before more innocent students , teachers and staff are helplessly murdered .
echale ganas senadora harris ! !
so basically , tough cookies snowflakes !
ms warren , you are clueless .
amy you are a great leader ! ! !
it makes me so sad to read these ignorant comments in response to senator warren &apos;s post .
save the crocodile tears for someone who believes your line of bull .
tell &apos; em bout it , ms. duckworth !
trump is no joke , and he polls strong against clinton .
al you scare me more than any terrorist
democrats are not advocating for semi-automatic qweapons to be carried concealed at political rallies ! !
mark f - i &apos;ll await you reading the crime stats for az and prince william county and tell me that immigrants cause an increase in crime .
no elizabeth warren that would be our current president .
is not bringing drug prices down , especially when it is for under insured and uninsured people .
sorry , nobody in their right mind will respect the result of the electoral college voting against the peoples choice and wellbeing .
warren for the white house !
remember the women and girls of america are watching what you and other democratic women and men in the congress will do in the next four years .
once again , you &apos;re just making sh * * up , betty .
everyone is so fortunate you are in the senate , and even more fortunate if we are new yorkers .
dear super delegate .
i wrote to you and am so happy with your decision !
not sure elizabeth warren gets to name the leader of all republicans .
hold him to it , liz !
i am voting trump because i worry about my children and grand children .
oh yes , what did you do to try and convince governor snowstorm not to allow safe fracking in upstate ny .
vote congressman rick larson out and vote for this man instead .
if that &apos;s the appropriate venue for congressman pallone to extend the concern , so be it .
i ask that you take a stance in protest of this inauguration .
thank you for being the one standing up and saying no to these asinine picks .
i just called the senator &apos;s portland office to let him know that i support his denouncing steve bannon .
trump is a p.o.s.
your words inspire me so .
so al , why don &apos;t you endorse the candidate who wants to * expand * social security , bernie sanders ?
sandy sounds like she &apos;s related to jimmy hoffa or michael forde .
maggie hassan will continue that tradition .
hi chuck , i just got a letter from u.s. senator bernie sanders saying that you were one of the 15 senators who voted for pompeo to head the cia .
how about stating wa facts ?
i chose heald because i felt welcome immediately walking into the school to check it out .
please stop approving of trump &apos;s unqualified and dangerous cabinet choices .
thank you congresswoman kelly for a job well done in giving us the up to date notice news about what &apos;s really happening in congress .
i thought mr. trump &apos;s speech was rather awkward , but , i thought the whole event was awkward .
please keep fighting , we are all grateful for your efforts .
thank you so much patty murray
time for serious talk about gmo labeling , yarmuth .
currently living in new york , i consider myself a citizen of two great progressive states .
really good work , elizabeth .
thank u claire mccaskill !
thank you , senator warner , for your courage in standing against the nomination of senator sessions .
these people are entertainers - bernie g ... laughable .
warren is a jack ass !
senate brown , cause both parties to work together and get american in order !
this is the right stand for democracy .
thank you hillary , for all the laws you broke and all the death you caused .
steve bannon &apos;s life work has been , as you say , to foment racism , anti-semitism and other forms of hate against minorities .
elizabeth i love you and all you stand for , but for heavens sake stop only bringing up trump .
you &apos;ve come along way rick , since us playing one on one in the old arlington gym .
just endorse bernie sanders asap !
tammy , i &apos;m in australia but i &apos;m a fan of yours .
hbd rip
pretty much every single serial killer and person who kills their entire family is a white heterosexual male .
it &apos;s never been about cops safety .
commander lisa groves from post 111 in west virginia will be stopping in morton on her way back home .
jess sessions , a avowed racist , for attorney general .
thank you for standing up for the families of newtown and other countless tragedies as well as your constituents who , though untouched by gun violence , want to make our communities safer .
another bill allows a doctor to omit any information ( lie outright ) to a women regarding the condition of her baby if the doc .
al , you really don &apos;t know what you are talking about
your conscience is in the toilet with big pharma .
are you happy now---teapublican actions and words matter and they have now incited violence and angered americans who are tired of their anarchy , lies and misinformation campaign and obstructionism that there have been shots fired at the capitol .
thank you congressman van hollen it &apos;s easy to spot the comments who don &apos;t have any solutions .
you are a true patriot and the epitome of class mrs. warren .
my sister is a nurse in kalispell and has contributed so much to that medical community .
conservatives ... rewriting the definition of bigotry , one act of bigotry at a time ...
.sitting for an end to gun violence in the u.s. no citizen needs an assault weapon or an automatic weapon of any kind .
we know that warren has distrust for clinton ( bankruptcy bill flip flop ) .
you keep fighting for the haters .
merry christmas congressman larsen .
have a great vday tulsi .
really , mr. franken , a card , a visit , or a telephone call may be a better idea .
i &apos;ve met her many times when she has helped my clients through rough patches in their lives .
yes he will be missed .
sanders for president , warren for vp !
at one time , bromine was even used to make sedatives , but then the fda banned its usage in sedatives around 1975 , as it was found to trigger a whole host of psychiatric disorders .
your voice is strong and powerful , please speak out and endorse bernie sanders .
so thank you senator gillibrand keep fighting for us .
let &apos;s start by putting civilians on conduct review boards with local police departments and switch cops to a shorter work shifts .
criminal prosecution for injuries and deaths caused by owner &apos;s unsecured guns .
go warren and happy birthday , mr. president .
dear senator warren , please prove your commitment to the best future for america by formally endorsing # berniesanders ! !
so far everyone he &apos;s chosen thinks like bannon .
does it make a difference whether it comes on a pipeline or warren buffets train ?
hey tammy if your in town on nov 30 , we are ending native heritage month in schaumburg at the trickster art gallery with a concert at 7 pm to 10 pm i hope you can stop by for a minute or two .
&quot; hobby lobby is willing to supply 16 of 20 forms of birth control .
amy once they get some there will be more .
2020. gabbard / sanders
i &apos;m sad and ashamed when i see democrats voting for big pharma over the american people .
come on people really , guns kill people ?
barack &apos;s endearing respect for women .
molesters , mass shootings of elementary schools , adhd , refugees , religious premonitions , in place interrogation and unusual punishment , etc .
so this state and country is all about equality ? can &apos;t wait for my bank account to match warren buffets ! ok i &apos;ll settle for bill gates .
all you jewish democrats kill me .
you &apos;re the worst actor in history .
i want to feel good about the donations i made- please explain this vote to us , your supporters- you sponsored this bill- we need to know , jim : http : / / daily.represent.us / theres-something-absolutely-insane-happening-house-right-now /
thank you thank you for standing up and being a leader in the senate and speaking out against sessions !
this will show true unity to john lewis .
hey , we &apos;re just doing the same things you assholes did to us for eight years .
thank you , congressman richard neal !
this idea of one boston is hopeful , but i don &apos;t believe he can do it and i have my reasons .
amy , when you decide to run for president , i &apos;m gonna be there , in the trenches , handing out flyers , knocking on doors .
the electoral college system is antiquated and corrupt .
liberals who spent the last year bashing trump as a fascist but praise the fascist castro .
tha k you chuck schumer for showing leadership in this dark time for our democracy !
it &apos;s unfortunate that we only have to rely on jon stewart and the colbert report for fact checks .
from sea to shining sea bernie &apos;s lovelution
current adoption laws and policies here in mn degrade those who are affected .
what s vile , wretched woman .
wake up senator richard blumenthal and senator chris murphy .
firstly , using such diminutive language perpetuates the lack of mobility females have in the professional world and secondly , hilary clinton is no girl .
it &apos;s crazy mark .
we know you will serve illinois well .
get lost goofy warren .
thank you for your tireless fight for the rights of us - your constituents .
last weekend protesters stated to the media the only way their voices are heard is through violence .
brown has focused his campaign on national issues , also blasting president barack obama for his handling of isis , illegal immigration and a host of other issues - shaheen , meanwhile , has questioned the former massachusetts senator &apos;s move into new hampshire .
please vote against the redirecting of tax payer money to the construction of trump &apos;s wall .
thank you so very much for all you do and the generous amount of time you give , &quot; we the people of maine &quot; .... we are so , so fortunate for your representation ... ty : )
senator warren makes a valid point regardless of whether you support her endorsement or not .
much aloha to you ~ !
the feds are not the policy changers for these kinds of matters , the states are--with smart and savvy state reps such as yourself earl : ) thank you !
it would also be great to hear more from you regarding senator sanders &apos; policies
muchas gracias senator schumer .
# bernieorbust https : / / medium.com / @ grforsanders / this-is-what-will-happen-at-the-democratic-convention-fe7328739c4 # .8kftef55j
hey chucky boy ! !
we must as a country commit to making access to healthcare , education , safe places to live , healthy food and a living wage accessible for all , and guns less accessible .
i hope you choke on that silver spoon , right after you pull it out of your ass .
dt is nothing but a narcisistic , self aggrandizing carnival barking charleton .
&gt; 2nd amendment rights remain intact .
just printed out both democrat &amp; republican ballots for hamilton county ohio - i was curious as to why donald trump &amp; bernie sanders names are listed first on the list presdential candidates of each ballot while the rest are listed alphabetically .
i am grateful that you are my representative .
al franken , you &apos;ve been a wonderful representative for your state and your country .
i would love to actually hear a response from patty that wasn &apos;t layered in political mumbo-jumbo .
tell me kirsten gillibrand and chuck schumer where was your demand for due process , your standing up for civil liberties – for the citizens in new york being gang stalked by our american stasi / first responders / radicalized neighborhood watch groups ?
i &apos;m not even from california but i &apos;m happy you &apos;re there fighting for what is right !
when i heard you were a hilary supporter i wasn &apos;t happy with you .
you rock , elizabeth ! !
the democratic party may bury them self when the want to dig up the truth about anything !
thanks for the memories mr. hastings .
i appreciate the effort al , but maybe it &apos;s time to take the &quot; tax &quot; ( as defined by the scotus ) and give medicare for all !
happy new year mrs warren and keep fighting to bring sanity government .
sen. cory booker ✔ @ senbookeroffice today @ corybooker met with nj women &apos;s rights advocates to discuss path forward for defending # womensrights under trump administration view image on twitter
sadly this comes as our neighbors to the north undo the right of gay and lesbian marriage ... sigh
&quot; they &quot; should stripped of their lethal weapons of mass destruction ... a pen and a prescription pad .
hillary , in her campaign relaunch , reset , rewind speech yesterday said that her candidacy was &apos; in the name of everyone who has ever been knocked down but refused to be knocked out . &apos; &quot;
we love you , amy ! ! ! ! ! !
shame on you tammy , get your facts before running your gums !
we need your smart , insightful and kind leadership .
mental illness is certainly part of it .
year percentage multiplier amount of deduction 2013 1.20 24,000 2014 1.15 23,000 2015 1.10 22,000 2016 1.05 21,000 2017 1.00 20,000 2018 .95 19,000 2019 .90 18,000 2020 .85 17,000 2021 .80 16,000 2022 and beyond .80 16,000 several things are obvious in the above .
stop whining al .
but if i get a tattoo and discuss my bi wife i &apos;m just a sexist straight guy .
i am glad hillary is a champion for our kids .
guns violent is deeply impressed in our nation .
i shall ponder it ... as long as all couples are treated equally according to law ... then the marriage ceremony would be according to your faith , or not .
elizabeth ... run with bernie ! !
thanks , senator !
you &apos;re an optimist ms. warren .
really the greatest democracy in the world ? ? ?
chuck , you lost my vote .
it is our chance as american to help the syrian and bring peace and democracy in the area .
where was your respect ms warren ? ? ? ?
we are onto you dems who are neoliberals in disguise .
thank you so much , amy , you are doing a great job !
to gary shooltz fuck off idiot sincerely a retired teamster union member ! ! ! ! ! ! !
please run in 2020. really .
from women &apos;s rights to voter &apos;s rights , to the ability to make a decent wage in 40 hours that they can live on , to the education of their children , and the care and wellbeing of their parents .
it separates main street from wall street and government avenue , both fake liberal havens and strongholds .
shouldn &apos;t the headline read sen warren goes on unprovoked pms rant against donald j. trump , republican nominee ?
thank you for being my senator who i feel i can always count on to represent me and my concerns and not for betraying the people who voted for you .
transparency in government is the # 1 issue for me , and your support of the disclose act and commitment to overturn citizens united are the main reasons i support you .
agree with you , tammy !
thank you for your great work in the senate and for your amazing energy and intelligence .
they steal guns out of homes or buy on the black market .
thanks patty keep up the good work , you still got my support
i think you democrats need therapy so you get over this stigma you have .
mr. schumer tell your fellow democrats to show up and do their job !
love elizabeth warren .......
i don &apos;t see any solar panels on frank pallone &apos;s roof .
keep fighting for us women !
she sincerely believes in barack and trusts him ..... i feel like i can &apos; take that to the bank &apos; .....
thank you senator , we need your voice in washington !
in fact , after more than a decade of online pharmacy purchases , &quot; not a single american has been reported killed by a medication purchased over the internet from an international online pharmacy that requires a valid prescription and does not sell controlled drugs . &quot;
if the situation were reversed , those people would be rioting in the streets .
jamal &apos;s harris i was part of the integration busing program in the early 70 &apos;s i do not see colors .. in college cal poly athletes were different colors and i loved every single on of them 💝
there is nothing progressive with my initial thoughts .
he voted , during the constitutional convention in 2003 and 2004 , to deny marriage equality for same sex couples .
not for the good people of flint michigan , he couldn &apos;t get the images out of his head about what happens to a soft man like him in prison .
debbie &quot; stab em now &quot; !
your move to change the conversation to one of methods validation , and enlist senators markey , warren , brown and durbin , was brilliant .
3 ) he get charged with fraud in the legal case of trump university 4 ) they investigate the russian involvement and find out there voter fraud or a manipulation of some kind .
peaceful protests go both ways , senator .
love you al .
right on , sen. warren ... we can &apos;t sit back and let this happen .
please work on serious gun control .
happy labor day to you al !
amy , i am so proud of you and i know that minnesota is well represented by our senators .
one of those killed was a mental health professional trying to stop the shooter .
then why have you accepted almost $ 500k in money from big pharma ?
then change the system amy klobuchar that allows injustice at the systemic level .
why did you vote against a bill that would lower drug prices ? http : / / theslot.jezebel.com / for-some-reason-cory-booker-and-12-other-dems-killed-a-1791116094
now call on the protests against our democratic process to end immediately
you need to understand that in most of the us trump kicked ass .
ignore the trolls , tammy .
thank you for your continuing service to the citizenry of virginia and to these united states .
i pray you make the right decision to stand with your constituents for bernie sanders .
we need more women in politics ... not the sarah palin or bachmann kind though .
are u fucking nuts ?
there was no vote for monsanto
chuck for president !
we need an assault weapons ban with a high capacity magazine ban .
and duane , if mn is in such great shape , why do so many people that work in the twin cities , commute from the hudson , wi area ?
this info is right on time we are talking about pollution in my 6th grade social studies class right now .
mahalo brian !
i always thought she was quite a classy woman .
but , that said , unions who contribute the highest to democratic campaigns are never brought into the mix .... i did not hear you tell me what you would actually do that would help us in the middle class .
senator schumer has you right where he wants you , under his thumb .
matt torgerson , all of the mass shootings in recent history have been perpetrated by mentally unstable liberals .
you are so kind kirsten , may the lord enbraces you with his love , care , and protection .
have you joined cory booker , elizabeth warren , and bernie sanders in this ?
how dare you use fake tears to go along with the fake news .
but why was he good enough for hillary clinton , barack obama , john kerry , joe biden and chuck schumer in 2006 ?
keep fighting frank
since you screwed bernie sanders you &apos;ve lost all credibility .
happy holidays to you too ! !
peaceful and lawful protests are in order at this point .
scott brown is so worried about elizabeth &apos;s parentage , he should look in a mirror and see that he resembles a weasel .
thank you senator wyden for all you have done and continue to do .
law enforcement , government , education and investigative journalist turned democratic , hillary rodham-clinton activist .
thank you beto for exercising common sense .
thank-you kirsten !
i am proud to call you my congresswoman .
so sad to see good people like elizabeth warren and bernie sanders debase their morals by promoting hillary .
happy thanks giving to you congressman gerry connolly !
yea in pretty sure there is a place for faith in the democratic party
super delegates rig the system in favor of the candidate they want , not who the people want .
all that sopa and pipa have done , have brought the issues to the general public , but if the us gov &apos;t wants to take down sites that are registered outside her borders , it is a blatant example of extraterritoriality !
hey cory !
25th amendment - unfit to serve .
so proud to have you as my senator and someday president !
please run as a vice president for bernie or hillary then !
honorable amy klobuchar , i &apos;ve been told that handwritten letters are more effective then phone calls or emails , but i feel this request is too urgent to leave to &quot; snail mail &quot; , when our technology allows us the abilbity to make our needs / requests known instantly .
tell them ron .
thank you for fighting for a healthy california environment .
seems like amy is avoiding any confrontation .
senator murray , i apologize for piggybacking on this thread , but your senate contact form has been crashing all day ( might be indicative of how washingtonians feel about this issue ) .
we would not be having this constant fight for women &apos;s healthcare rights if access to birth control , access to affordable women &apos;s health care and reproductive education were accessible to all women .
i am grateful i live in a country that allows me to pursue my dreams of working in politics : )
endorse sanders or this is just hot air .
i &apos;m ready for a progressive revolution within the democratic party .
you really are a hypocritacal ass .
patty murray for us senate .
if you can &apos;t handle this shit , give the minority leadership position to gillibrand and do whatever the fuck she tells you to do .
the rights of the innocent to live must be more important than the rights of a few people with hate or mental illness to own a gun .
there is no hidden motive in trump &apos;s campaign run .
lmao @ the greatest democracy .
ny is in worse shape then wi and you take sides with the unions .. oh yeah because they elected you here , i almost forgot .
and amy ... where do you stand on these attempts to tax medical devices ... which would hurt these busniesses deeply ...
i too am proud to call you my senator .
then why is he winning all over liz your all wet
we need to hit all angles and i think amy works to do that .
the great thing about warren is she could give two fecks about what any poster on this thread thinks .
could i just say i was a women now ( because of gender identity rights ) and get a raise ?
mr schumer .. how does it feel to be owned by goldman sachs ?
yes , strictest gun laws equals the greatest gun violence .
amy something has to be done about the gas gouging .
massachusetts does not end at i-495 !
amy in 2016 !
thanks , senator levin .
you and charles schumer are going to need your beauty sleep .
thank you kurt schrader you have made such a big difference in my life now iam in the process of getting a kidney at legacy thank with my ss !
the oil sands as the company calls it is responsible for fracking which causes earthquakes .
you &apos;re on the wrong side of this issue , and it will prove to be very detrimental to your 2020 run .
thank you , kirsten .
petitioning electoral college electors electoral college : make hillary clinton president on december 19 elijah berg nc 1,069,159 supporters on december 19 , the electors of the electoral college will cast their ballots .
dear kirsten- you are my inspiration !
please come out in support of bernie sanders !
radical islam will never be stopped by words or non violent means .
great speech today debbie !
i feel that the same folks that manipulated the president , the state department and the pentagon can once again enlist the very same in another round of corporate fascist war-making .
you walk on water , congresswoman .
senator harris please vote no on cabinet appointments !
i heard r &apos;s added amendment voter suppression and felony for anyone taking ballots to polls please confirm
i like that the ones on here saying they hate trump are the ones who live of the system and are scared because trump is going to take that away and make you work for it
ps ron wyden , look at the sites getting people to sign up for healthcare .
fuck you , cory .
school funding formula is diff in nj vs cali yet nj taxpayers will be asked to feed cali kids in school .
if can , sing red red wine and discuss how the rap lyrics impact the lives of many hawaii students .
i &apos;m sending continued healing energy to you !
thanks for fighting the good fight for mn , amy !
we should counter that by making ellison the dnc chair .
oh get over it pallone , didn &apos;t you liberals win on the last 2 stupid decisions .
the people of your state have spoken and they overwhelmingly vote for bernie sanders .
one justice suggested the employer pay the fine - she was being snarky , hobby lobby employs 16,000. the 4 types of contraception they object to do not cause abortion .
thank you for what you do congresswoman .
senator cory booker , turn down the money and work for the people .
debbie has always been for the people .
i am with you rep. larsen .
pretty sure that bernie made a trifecta tonight .
in fact , the reason why premiums are lower next year is because sebilius made the case to them that , with the hc exchange , they &apos;ll more than make up for the difference of lower ma rates by having 30 million new customers .
jim did the jobs from the gm plant in linen move to another state what about all layoffs in merks in rahway .
i will soon most likely have to divorce my husband in order to get mn care
go brian go !
please help us unify the democratic party .
mr sanders won the washington state caucuses and got what he was legally entitled too 75 % of the states pledged delegates nothing more nothing less .
you should attend the inauguration out of respect for the office and for the future needs of your district .
it &apos;s unfortunate that the pharmaceutical lobby has impeded your judgement for the constituents of your state .
oh patty thats great news ! ! ! !
apparently nh lawmakers thing they are bigger than the office of president- i know who i &apos;ll be campaigning against in the future
proud of you , tulsi .
race card / gender card / xenophobia card .... typical liberal response
clinton is just as vile as trump , she &apos;s just not quite as insane and has more social graces .
it is sad to see democrats join republicans in pandering to the lowest common denominators , fear and xenophobia .
new york is lucky but the rest of the nation needs you too , future madame president .
trump is a bully and the embodiment of narcissism .
we are watching and looking for real progressive leadership , not empty political excuses .
thank you for your leadership on such an important issue .
i support your respect for the democratic process and your desire to get it back on track .
10 years ago i went through oregon .
hobby lobby offers birth control coverage , and will continue to do so .
we are counting on you ms warren to continue your important work including calling out those that abuse power .
joe lorentzen , interesting suggestion .
we need to help those who are suffering from mental illness so that slaughtering others and themselves as a solution to their struggles .
good choice on casting your vote for hillary over bernie , clown .
i don &apos;t think repubiican-tea party are to happy about this after the money they got from banks , corporations , keystone and koch bros. but it wiii be interesting to watch the rebutie of the tea party castrator joni ernst .
please , we trust in you to hear our voices and to do the right thing in representing our votes to nominate bernie sanders at the convention this summer .
bugger off to the jerks that make hateful , unproductive comments .
bernie is our best hope against the donald !
elizabeth warren start supporting bernie sanders , bernie or bust is a real thing .
the trolls appear to be frisky today .
well then the dnc should have got behind sanders .
let &apos;s talk about how long it took you to endorse hillary .
the unsafe drugs argument--from canada--is a nonstarter : canada is a prosperous , first world country with higher life expectancy than the us .
wa wa wa i got nuggets !
you know the truth frank pallone .. why do you hide it ?
we are going to be taxed , for false science , that progressives blindly follow .
and this is in minnesota
we need new gun laws .
elizabeth warren so are you telling me you are voting for hillary ?
thsnk you , debbie , for all your efforts and hard work to promote a fair and just society , even for these haters who will no doubt benefit from the aca and receive better health options for their families despite themselves .
good thing donald j. trump hammers wall street into the ground .
go home , as jon stewart said .
i have the upmost respect for you and i agree with everything you &apos;ve written , i &apos;m just wondering when you are going to endorse clinton ?
* * for those who want to take action against the trump white house please read and share : ( and yes i &apos;m talking to you republicans as well ) * * depending on how you lean politically , there are probably hundreds of reasons why you feel the need to fight the trump white house .
yes hank , we are grateful for you : )
we have to elect bernie sanders # feelthebern
it &apos;s frightening .
💜 👍 proud to have you as my senator .
sen schumer you left off that that seniors would have to eat dog food and children would have to eat same off the ground .... come on and &quot; get with the program &quot; senator !
scott , in case you were unaware , amy is a us senator , not a state senator .
and trump will kick hillary &apos;s big fat liberal ass .
you really think trump cares if you show up at his inauguration ?
debbie needs to tell us why she let this happen .
gosh , i am going to miss jon stewart !
amy , if you vote yes on reid &apos;s unconstitutional gun control bill , the people of minnesota will vote no when it is time to re-elect you .
we must all stand together and speak out against his hateful rhetoric
but why don &apos;t you take your own advice , richie 27 , and ignore me .
thank you senator for fighting for all of us against those lunatics
people need to visit oregon to get that oregon spring water .. boo hoo nestle
yes and please work to revamp the democratic party who played dirty pool to run hillary .
mn is pioneer in all disciplines - we still have full confidence in vikings !
members , 114th congress majority minority mike lee , utah , chairman david perdue , georgia thom tillis , north carolina chuck grassley , iowa orrin hatch , utah amy klobuchar , minnesota , ranking member chris coons , delaware al franken , minnesota richard blumenthal , connecticut
thank you again senator .
after 31 years together , my wife and i were able to marry in the state of washington last month .
insurance companies and loans from greedy financial institutions ( and for many for profit schools ) have driven costs sky high .
good luck to you sen. kaine .
rep larsen is trying to find a way to get it done
i was lucky enough to accompany dfl endorsed candidate for the mn 6th district ( bachmann &apos;s current district ) , joe perske and was able to sut in the vip section amongst walter mondale , ken martin , betsy hodges , franni franken , steve simon and others !
senator bennet , please suggest things caring citizens can do .
rip senator grams .
bernie or this country collapses
i have ask time and again &quot; what is trumps platform .
you are a great voice for the 99 % .
i decided after living in the us for 25 years to become a citizen so that i could vote against jessie ventura as governor of minnesota and for paul wellstone .
i am sure warren can &apos;t say the same .
this revolution isn &apos;t just about bernie !
unbiased comment : it would seem a majority of the negative comments towards louise are from white men .
do your job and # feelthebern
let &apos;s just get a great candidate for that seat and keep 2 dem senators from ma .
sent aloha salutes .
enjoy trump because hillary can &apos;t beat him without our support .
a sanders / warren ticket would change e v e r y t h i n g !
any input from the mayor of ny or the gov of ny ? ? ? ?
for all you complainers out there : 1 ) elizabeth warren is a senator so she might post something political .
rest in peace , sen. lautenberg .
we proud of all the democratic women .. all doing a great job .
you &apos;re muddled again , colleen .
it is about refugees that we are bound to support per the geneva convention , not to mention human decency .
senator joe , as a rare parent of an autistic daughter , you support means a great deal .
every day is a good day to protest drones at camp.ripley ( the largest military base in minnesota and a coordinating.base with all other bases ) .
thank you , senator wyden , for standing up for the health of your constituents .
keep up the good fight , tammy !
you owe us a damn explanation on prescription medication policy !
you rock e .
i ♥ sherrod brown !
bernie sanders has always performed better against him than hillary at the polls .
hope she play a important role on this issue .
i have contacted my congressional and senate reps about my opposition to steven bannon appointment .
long before i even knew i had to move back to mn to receive extensive health care , i followed your career and posts .
next time , elizabeth , run , don &apos;t just comment .
as one of your constituents i would like to know if you are aware that since april 28th 2011 three michigan counties have passed resolutions in favoer of industrial hemp farming ?
there is always bernie but the elite chose who they want anyway .
i &apos;m very pleased that you are fighting for core democratic party principles , senator !
you were right about crooked hillary being , well ......... crooked all along senator warren !
frank - this depression / recession was caused by congressional policy , the federal reserve , and a stupid consumer .
this is one of my favorite maya quotes .
hey cory thanks you for your vote - you &apos;ve reminded me how glad i am that i &apos;ve left the democratic party .
either big pharma or the people .
call our current minnesota department of public safety commissioner mona dohman .
thank you senator harris for all you &apos;re doing for us .
thanks for taking a stand ( again ) amy !
thank you , senator amy klobuchar ... i love hearing about important work that is getting done !
senator warren you are one of the real people we have in politics , trust me all the folks posting negatively , also believe that ww whatever wrestling is real
instead we get the dlc clinton agenda all progressives are against .
canadians have the same drug standards as the us .
go to hell , donald drumpf , we don &apos;t need a fascist boot on our necks .
happy birthday , mr. kind .
peter , please continue doing your best for oregon , for all of us usa citizens .
what do you strong women of the community think about that ?
even the united arab emirates &apos; ministerial cabinet had listed the council on american-islamic relations ( cair ) as one of 83 proscribed terrorist organizations , up there with the taliban , al-qaeda , and isis .
hillary for prison and maybe you too !
violence begets violence , ignorance begets ignorance .
hillary is just more of obamacrap .
bernie is going to win
those that don &apos;t want equality in society need to take a good hard look at themselves .
this lady is just bat $ hit crazy , i bet she &apos;s stayed up all night thinking up this bs spin 😂 😂 😂
you people follow this dried up prune , she got to be senator with her lies the same way she got the job at harvard , she is the biggest phony on the face of the earth and why hillary would pick her as a running mate is beyond me .
glad you are not attending mr. trump &apos;s inauguration !
run with bernie and help save us from trump !
please don &apos;t be hillary &apos;s vp elizabeth !
thank you mr. schumer for your speech .
ultimately , whether a person is muslim or not , trump &apos;s main concern is to identify these refugees who are migrating into our homeland , and give them an ultimatum to obtain a legal path towards citizenship .
a very sad loss for west palm beach .
amen debbie but why isn &apos;t anyone listening to the middle class ?
thank you rep lloyd
it wasn &apos;t a popular movement .
please support and endorse bernie sanders ! !
i live near ferguson and have talked to families that live near west florissant where most of the problems are occurring .
s.150 latest title : assault weapons ban of 2013 - cosponsors : sen klobuchar , amy &#91; mn &#93; - 1 / 29 / 2013
i have 2 former t party acquaintances who love bernie .
thank you elizabeth warren for all you do .
sorry miss warren i just can &apos;t get past the fact that his supporters think emails or worse than him raping a 13 yr old girl
silence is deafening .
kirsten please help stop this repeated gun violence .
thank you congresswoman julia brownley for your thoughtful analysis of trump &apos;s inauguration speech .
you will keep democrats in losing territory again .
and that &apos;s why you &apos;ve received over $ 385,000 from big pharma ?
al , please run for president someday .
did you miss the statement by warren buffet ?
trump is very good in choosing the worse among a quite large collection of bad people .
lol hillary is the worst candidate possible and i personally believe if you vote for her you need to go to a mental hospital .
but gay marriage is more important ! ! ! !
senator schumer can you help the two iraqi men and their families that are detained at jfk airport .
thank you for being a person with class , compassion and integrity .
all this woman did was say happy holidays .
senator donnelly must be a democrat .
senator gillibrand , we beseech you to act on our behalf !
the bar for frank pallone &apos;s &quot; accomplishments &quot; must be pretty low if advertising a canned food drive is considered by some ( like everett f . ) to be an &quot; amazing thing &quot; .
i &apos;m with kris on this one too .... i &apos;m a republican , local 12 plumber and am excited to support stephen lynch .
i wonder how much money he &apos;s getting from big pharma ?
not many americans are falling for this rhetoric anymore , elizabeth .
it seems we are much more interested in money equality than equality for women .
cept al gore
i saw this morning that both of our washington senators voted against bernie &apos;s amendment .
congressman john garamendi i hope you work to massively rework the aca .
any elected official who does not vote against tillerson should be voted out at the next opportunity .
as long as african-americans &apos; support for the democratic party can be taken for granted , there is no incentive for democrats to do anything , but pay lip-service to a-a concerns , and that only every four years .
i don &apos;t care what your political affiliation is ; i just care that you are intelligent and have minnesota common sense !
thankful for you , too , senator !
the people of va are lucky to have you !
big pharma paid him over $ 300,000 to buy his votes and , once bought , booker stays bought .
i think the main issues to be addressed after this horror is mental illness .
bernie is great but you could have easily beaten hillary .
wonderful .. we can all be proud to have this family lead us !
i can not help but point out that part of what got trump elected was his rebukes of tpp and nafta .
no patty - they talk about the excesses of government , they do not ever talk about solutions .
happy valentine &apos;s day back at ya , kamala !
so wonderful to see you there senator warren .
trump is a budding hitler .
he &apos;s a pompous asshole with zero regard for the hard work of people like sen. lewis .
please support the scientists march on washington ( whenever that occurs : )
great job on the live video chat senator gillibrand !
thanks for looking at the big picture , senator booker .
mark , i really have no idea how to answer that , only because al gore would probably say &quot; its blue cause blue is pretty , and i made it that way &quot; .
yeah cory , you take care of your sins then we &apos;ll listen when you try to quote a truly inspired person like martin luther king .
keep up the good work joe .
happy birthday senator and loretta !
i &apos;m still writing in bernie sanders for president on my ballot ! ! !
let &apos;s also remember that at one time in out short history as a nation slavery was law , women &apos;s suffrage was law , prohibition was law ... etc etc .
chuck as i read trumps accusation of fake tears i thought &quot; this guy he is talking about is of jewish descent right &quot; .
we need concealed carry in illinois and she has been quiet as a mouse on any laws to protect my rights .
thank you sherrod for serving ohio and our nation !
the big question is does senator corey gardner stand-up against bannon or hide his head in the sand while this vile hate is brought upon america .
these republicans obviously do not understand what is written in the constitution of this country , ignorance and bigotry is all they know , # saveamericafromrepublicans # sanders2016
in the weeks between allende &apos;s election and his inauguration planned for 3 november , the cia actively sought to foment a coup in chile .
we can &apos;t go back to the days of back alley abortions , which were often unsafe and unreliable .
the fda cannot do that for drugs made in other countries .
i hope you are still standing with senator warren on this !
thanks to elizabeth warren , companies can &apos;t use your credit score to deny you a job ! !
the people of oregon have elected the best of the bunch , as far as i &apos;m concerned .
spineless senator chuck schumer you need to stop him before he destroys everything we hold sacred .
to those who think pharmaceutical industry pressure matters to me -- it doesn &apos;t .
safe journey and mahalo for all you do !
hillary for president 👍
rick , you got the coolest district in the us ! !
getting prescription drugs is a very popular idea / want / need .
me ayudarías muchísimo si le das click en me gusta a mi pagina angel ramirez para crecer y que se convierta en realidad mi sueño !
thank you for all you &apos;ve done and all you continue to do to fight for the great people of new york !
however , its has been &quot; effective &quot; if you can believe wikipedia : it has dramatically improved the law enforcement response to violence against women and has provided critical services necessary to support women in their struggle to overcome abusive situations
i don &apos;t think big pharma &apos;s money is going to get you re-elected .
tomorrow we will turn va blue !
it &apos;s time for you to rally around bernie sanders if you mean one word of that , ms warren .
besides don &apos;t progressive types wish to be just like europe ?
he is grasping at what the lobbyists told him to say , desperately , desperately trying to explain away his vote for big pharma and against the rest of us .
emanuel cleaver ll .
it &apos;s amazing that you can predict that this country will be in piss poor shape in 20 years due to marriage equality .
love me some senator warren !
thank you for your brave and powerful words !
you should be ashamed of yourself for speaking progressive values but abandoning progressives in a time of need .
keep up the hard work debbie and don &apos;t stop fighting for us !
i recently noticed the resemblance of steve bannon &apos;s thinking to joseph goebbel &apos;s ( hitler &apos;s chief propagandist ) , who said the following : &quot; &quot; propaganda must facilitate the displacement of aggression by specifying the targets for hatred , &quot; and &quot; if you tell a lie often enough , it becomes the truth . &quot;
we are fortunate to have a great governor and two great senators .
how long have we used the electoral college ?
so , since debbie no longer wants to represent michigan in washington , who will we be voting for next ?
our country needs you to remove steve bannon from the security counsel .
i think the people have spoken , mr. bennet .
hi elizabeth , you are still connected and deeply to the redsox nation .
hillary , president for the next , 8 years , say not to conman trump and his nasty russian hooker wife , he is not qualify to be president , she is not qualify to be the first lady .
please join rep john lewis and boycott the inauguration .
have u ever seen a dt protester act like this ?
seems like you sinned silently last night by siding with big pharma over the american people .
the bill doesn &apos;t make any promise for equal pay but it makes it possible to have an open conversation at the workplace on pay comparison and protects those that start the conversation .
we also have employeer &apos;s being unnecessarily cruel to it &apos;s loyal employees here in oregon .
schumer , only a moron would claim trump has made islam angry at us !
nancy said after &quot; listen i &apos;m used to noise , i talk to the democratic caucus everyday . &quot;
i am a constituent and i oppose sopa and pipa
how can two men or two women naturally produce offspring .
keep up the good work congresswoman brownley .
you voted against bernie sanders ! ! !
thank you cory booker ! ! !
so amy .
thank you for taking part in the senate filibuster to pass sensible gun safety laws .
someone forward this to the bernie supporters
thank you so much for saying this , senator .
please endorse bernie sanders sooner rather than later .
i could depend on joe for advice and direction .
to looney liz , each cabinet nominee is the end of the world .
you are amazing elizabeth warren .
why are progressive democrats so weak and gutless , while the slimy likes of lieberman ( oh ct !
amen , senator warren.i &apos;m a yuuuuge sanders supporter .
kenneth , if i &apos;m a corporation would i a . )
stop pretending you &apos;re for equality and sanity , the facts scream how untrue that is !
richie thank you for taking care of my mum .
the problem w student loans is the fact that they are abused .
perhaps after enough feeling sorry for themselves they breath deep and rejoin a society that is progressing into inclusion of all .
every time you posture yourself as 2020 candidate i will be sure to remind your audience .
clinton had the riots in la , bush no riots at all .
same to you &amp; your family , nancy .
can &apos;t wait to see federal funds cut from portland
trump &apos;s &apos; election &apos; was the result of election fraud , voter suppression and criminal collusion with a ruthless , murderous russian dictator .
and your voice would be better served denouncing the riots , violence and absurd protests over a free and fair democratic election .
this isn &apos;t shocking debbie , all know the gop are for this rich buddies of their and for their own pockets .
congressman cohen will you please also post relevant information pertaining to what &apos;s discussed and make available the resources you will be speaking of on a site for those who cannot attend ?
thank you , senator warner , for making the right decision !
im moving from minnesota now .... for sure ! ! !
&quot; there &apos;s no virtue in silence &quot; ?
wiki leaks proves the corruption in the democratic party .
sounds like elizabeth is talking about obama ... 8 years of a man &apos;s narcissism and divisiveness ...
right back at you , al .
way to go seattle times
ramadan mubarak you too .
&lt; 3 &lt; 3 &lt; 3 thanks elizabeth warren , you inspire so many and give us hope ! ! ! ! !
happy kwanzaa to you congresswoman and your family .
# feelthebern # bernieorbust # stillsanders
thanks you amy for all that you do , you are the best .
tammy , you are my port in this storm .
too early to call my friends in san francisco , so i will just say , &quot; congratulation &quot; either way .
senator booker , as a progressive i have always had issues with the corporate wing of the democratic party as have all progressives .
gabbard / booker 2020 !
are you going to latino community foundation event in sept 6 2014 ?
two provisional votes will be coming in from orange county .
u go , girl !
you have done wonderful things for minnesota and i am proud to have you as our senator !
just like in 1968. dnc needs a strong candidate , not a trump-lite clinton .
and thanks in advance for all the hard work that is in store for you regarding our civil rights , climate justice , women &apos;s rights in our state and nationally .
who wouldn &apos;t take some green $ $ its 50 % more cash .
canadians enjoy the same protections we do regarding modern medicine and quality control .
gay activists and their leftist allies told us decades ago that same-sex marriage wasn &apos;t on the agenda .
what the govenor did in michigan is exactly why we can &apos;t afford to become complacent ! !
i wish i can attend but i have to work at 7 : 30 am maybe next time keep up the good work senator jeff merkley and ron wyden .
it &apos;s time for transparency , senator booker .
rep doggett is a standup guy .
this is barbaric , cruel &amp; beyond words of disgusting !
i &apos;m generally not a political person at all , but it &apos;s hard to stay silent and not fearful in the face of some of these possibilities as a woman , parent , and educator .
if he &apos;d had changed is affiliation before he need super-delegates , he might have gotten warren &apos;s and many other democrat office holders .
when we stop forcing students into years of student loans from a college education that isn &apos;t worth what it costs , our country will be sending our young adults to the workplace with an expectation to work for a living .
she now is indicted by the fbi she now cannot be the nominee and the convention is over and sanders is out .
don &apos;t lose track of democratic priorities moving forward .
schumer , you are not for the american worker or citizen .
people and health insurance companies are getting ripped off by these huge pharmaceutical companies .
best wishes and heartfelt thanks from buffalo !
you are a looser elizabeth
u.s. senator jeanne shaheen ask eric holder to remove voter i.d.
patty would like to e-mail you in private of my concerns .
sounds an awful lot like an endorsement for bernie sanders ... you &apos;d be a great vp to his potus .
chad , don &apos;t forget minnesotans voted that down .
you are single handedly keeping me sane rn
please keep fighting , senator murray .
this is scary shit ... wake up senator schumer .. we the people see this https : / / www.facebook.com / israelandersonofficial / videos / 1607952339220006 /
keep these wonderful posts going , we need the hope .
even though i oppose being forced to take generic drugs against our will , i do appreciate you help in negotiating the prices of available drugs and hope it includes some brands that are severely overpriced .
hillary the only one the dnc supports ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
i &apos;m finding more people every day who are shocked at the reality we face with a trump presidency .
i was so proud to see my representative out there !
joe walsh is a scumbag to the tenth degree
senator wyden , i want to thank you for standing against our new president &apos;s selections for cabinet .
clinton or trump we are the ones getting fucked no matter what .
well stated anthony g brown .
well heck , i &apos;m glad you were specific cause i &apos;m planning to watch johnathon demme &apos;s heart of gold with neil young .
isn &apos;t the electoral college there to protect us from people like trump ?
your hard work is much appreciated .
pardon anna , you stand up for immigrants , but you were silent when we created them ?
getting pampered by my husband &lt; 3
paul ... the only &quot; monkey &quot; in these parts would be the democratic party &apos;s organ grinder monkey --- frank pallone .
@ michael - one thing folks can do from out of state is ask their leaders and candidates to hold to the ideals ew has expressed .
what about male contraceptives ?
come on minnesota !
happy new year from the uk elizabeth
u6 for mn is 9.2 % .
senator cory gardner what &apos;s your stance ?
i hope you are not attending the inauguration
look in the mirror mrs. warren you &apos;re backing a president who has taken more liberty away from individuals than any in history .
please endorse hrc senator warren .
thank you louise for the suggestion .
and stop taking money from big pharma ! ! !
hes unfit you must evict !
vote them out along with sniper snyder
once again , thank you , amy ! !
sure there is : bernie sanders .
wow , what a great and busy day , senator !
rip adrianna !
i like senator kaine but you or bernie might have made the ticket stronger .
you &apos;re just as crook &amp; corrupted as bernie &amp; hillary clinton .
a serious public safety issue ... reducing gun violence .
why cant them minnesota gaurds figure out this process ? ? ?
i &apos;m the first to recognize the value of inspiration - but it &apos;s difficult to be inspired when the health of our nation feels to be at risk .
you should have ran for president against hillary clinton and sanders
thank you elizabeth .. you are a class act !
in counties where they have aot , incarcerations , emergency hospitalization , homelessness and violence involving those with severe mental illness decrease .
today , a bipartisan group of senators took a big first step towards restoring this vital safety net for more than 1.3 million americans .
a complete opposite to what the democratic party says they are all about .
i feel proud to be a californian , thank you for speaking the truth and for speaking on behalf of so many women who have endured this difficult procedure !
and look how many state governorships the gop has gained ( even in blue maryland and illinois ) .. statehouses and local elections .
chuck schumer you are not a clown .
can you or your team elaborate on why canadians can take these drugs and be fine but not us citizens ?
rip : )
i am sorry elizabeth but you have lost your credibility .
i don &apos;t know who elizabeth warren is .i don &apos;t care who elizabeth warren is .
i hope he lets go of his obsession with bipartisanship - it &apos;s clearly a dead end - and forges ahead with a progressive agenda .
try it rep pallone .
and the kkk endorsed hillary !
sounds like a congresswoman was turned into a senatorial lapdog of tyrants
you could have endorsed bernie early in the primaries and you and he could have cut a broad swath to the white house but instead , you kept your mouth shut and sat on the fence , watching which way the political winds were blowing .
you go , elizabeth warren .
then you guys should nominate bernie and avoid a republican victory in the fall .
you and the democrats have to get passed your childish tantrums about losing the election in such a historical landslide ! ! ! ! !
give me a break , &quot; amy and al the best &quot; ! !
i love it when people like ew make statements like this , but add no evidence to back up claims .
god bless america and god bless you senator brown .
if only everyone in the world had someone they loved so much as to dedicate their life to him / her wouldn &apos;t the world be a more peaceful place .
u tube : frank barbierri / pam stewart
why do we need &quot; adjustment assistance &quot; if the tpp is not going to destroy our jobs ? ?
i wish you all the best as you continue your work for the commonwealth of virginia
donald trump is unfit to be president .
we send military to defend protesters in libya , and have hilary clinton , and the president himself condemn the violence in egypt , while every single one of you remain silent , while elderly women are abused , unborn children are murdered , and young and old alike are beaten by our militarized police force .
dear mss patty nurray i wish you and your country and your people especially children the best .
this bill would have been nice when i was fighting my student loan company about errant reporting that said i had missed payment and the wrong dollar amount when buying my house .
agree , thanks al .
they have both done so much for the people of the state of michigan .
where &apos;s the evidence that he &apos;s sexist or racist ?
merry christmas to you and your family also , congresswoman wilson .
it &apos;s also time for meaningful action on mental health issues , especially for those who don &apos;t have access to good medical treatment .
thank you for representing us with intelligence and integrity , senator gillibrand !
can you please run in 2020 president warren ?
with over 5 + million cases of new brain injuries between youth ( 3 + million ) and adults ( 2 + million ) each year , however , the average federal research budget for the entire brain injury community is only $ 80 million annually . &quot;
patty , thank you !
personally , i will choose to keep his many positive accomplishments for oregon in mind , as they are many .
i &apos;m sick of the childishness .... if i ever thought about voting for you , or that angry elizabeth warren , or nancy pelosi , i dang sure wouldn &apos;t do it now !
spam fits amy to a t. lots of nothing but what did you expect for a second term , that &apos;s what the first one amounted to .
so get on the bernie ticket now and let &apos;s move forward ! ! ! !
response history enbridge energy partners llp ( enbridge ) reported a 30-inch pipeline ruptured on monday , july 26 , 2010 , near marshall , michigan .
&quot; jim rockford &quot; will be greatly missed .
please use your power to show others the truth , continue to fight this dictatorship and protect us from bannon .
we need your strength and kindness and all of michigan &apos;s democrats and republicans to come together to get trump and his gang out of our beloved white house .
it is interesting , though , to see how some complaints and accusations have simply switched sides , with the right wing now using the left &apos;s arguments from the bush-cheney regime .
no idea where you are looking noreen , but over here brown is winning the yard , and business sign here in boston .
tinkerbell , for president , mickey mouse for vp , bashfull , grumpy , and the other five can fill out the cabinet !
thank you , senator for your unflagging leadership on this issue .
he deserves a fair investigation as does mike brown .
cory our president 2020
clearly sexist egotistical bigoted gop senate .
eliot is a very nice person in their commitment as elected government official in the nation lima february 8 , 2013
keep fighting the good fight debbie , some of us appreciate all your hard work .
elizabeth warren as the first woman president please ! ! ! ! !
mr. kaine , i implore you to do the right thing and secure our borders !
kkk endorced kilairy not trump .
we must be careful ... the men will want their own equality day ... ; )
please check anti democratic party in nevada where they counted before bernie delegates arrived and refused to recount when they arrived and more unfair things
i emailed and called elizabeth warren &apos;s office three times and one time my husband spoke with kate in her office but since that time kate does not return my calls .
lizzy for president in 2016 !
i hope the rest of your counterparts understand the burden student loan holders have to deal with .
why should anyone think you have a monopoly on what the gist of rep. pallone post was ?
how can it be after you help defeat the bills out of california to get the fires logged as soon as possible people should watch c-span more so they can see what your doing to oregon and the logging community you say one thing and do another ! !
beto you had to what you had to do ... the 99 week extension obviously mean more to the long term unemployed than to the employed especially if they are in congress .
while i admire you for opposing sessions , your acceptance of hundreds of thousands of dollars from the pharmaceutical industry belies your weak &quot; but it &apos;s about drug safety &quot; argument .
i felt like tearing my hair out when you didn &apos;t back up bernie , and then i felt like tearing my toe nails out when you endorsed hillary .
voter fraud is non-existent - not just in mn but nationally , this amendment only addresses people misrepresenting themselves not fraud that occurs with absentee ballots , etc .
thank you amy and tim
i want to call you madame president some day ! ! !
so what do those hateful comments have to do with her comments on racism ?
racism is wrong .
thanks sherrod for all you do for this country and congrats maggie hassan ! !
brian schatz , mahalo piha
can we light the capitol blue , please , for may 12th - international me / cfs &amp; fm awareness day ?
and yet , siphoning away $ 37m dollars to use for ny advertisements was ok ?
a little worried , are we ? ... especially when trump picks scott brown to be his running mate .
cory booker voted against lower pharm prices for us .
cory booker , ignore the asshats .
banks run the planet
except for women .
you will get 0 of what bernie promised to you if trump wins .
i believe , but i &apos;m not certain , but this may be the most input the constituents of fairfax county have ever given congressman gerry connolly .
you trump people have just proved , post by post that what elizabeth warren has said is true .
trump supporters even have the gutts to attack a latino professional nba player at a celtics game they got ejected but noone made an official statement about this racist incident !
i fight my own battle for my son with a severe mental illness .
dear elizabeth warren , please begin now to prepare to run against him in 2020. we need you more than ever .
we would all rest easier if they caught the killer of the 58 year old grandmother that everyone loved ; the woman who miscarried her baby due to a gun shot wound , and all the other open cases in minneapolis , 75 shootings year to date .
one thing leads to another , cops get shot dead in retaliation and white people become more prejudice and assume that black people are the problem .
amy you belong in the senate .
thanks for the effort , jon .
kirsten gillibrand : you are also an inspiration and to me and my family .
we don &apos;t need equality of income .
usa today must not have included new jersey in their study .
it has nothing to do with the fact that she is a woman , that everyone that voted for trump is a racist .
if trump can tell it like it t-i-s , so can you ( as it regards planned parenthood &apos;s future ) .
we need a leader to start the process of eliminating the electoral college .
5. misogynist : did you just watch the video of all the trump women who swear up and down that donald trump is the best person they ever met to further advance their careers ?
cory booker you are a hypocrite .
bernie was screwed out of this election .
push for it , senator cory booker !
a bernie nomination !
is the gorsuch comment to senator richard blumenthal another republican smoke screen ?
i do not want to eat gmo foods .
democracy should mean popular vote .
we need to deal with bullying in the schools and workplace and have better access to mental health .
anyone with mental health issues or a mental health history should not be able to own a gun period .
i timothy 2 : 5. i have unabashedly plagarized writings of gifted researchers such as frank gaffney for this article .
a much more effective protest would be to stand and turn your back to herr drumpf .
obama will win however warren will not sorry kids ..
and there are simple and painless ways to fix it , but it involves democrats and republicans working together .
he was such an incredible person - truly an inspiration in my life .
my question has more to do with when you and your ilk , and mr. pallone , will get it and stop blaming everyone but those who are responsible .
for farmers &apos; rights , for the land , for states &apos; rights , and for your constituents &apos; health , stop trying to ban gmo labeling .
cory booker why did you vote no to cheaper drug prices for the american people ?
why did you vote against the bill to lower prescription drug costs ?
as a survivor of 30 years , i want you to know that your work is appreciated and there are many of us who are forever indebted to your hard work and dedication ! !
why can &apos;t the senators from wa be as diligent and on the side of the people like al is ?
have wonderful holidays and new year !
wisconsin is behind you .
estimado honorable representante o &apos;rourke : me da gusto saber que usted esta al pendiente de los temas y asuntos mas importantes de los ciudadanos de su distrito federal aqui en el paso .
the media and democratic party not creating racial and class devides .
&quot; both groups were identified as sponsors or organizers of the baku conference , and both have accepted money from socar .
lmao , fake ass tears , you &apos;re a joke
you can disagree with her , but she has earned the right to be addressed as senator warren or ms. warren .
you should be ashamed for not representing the people of mn any better than this !
the alternative , of coercion through strength — if you &apos;re lucky — is a temporary , artificial , unsustainable victory .
thank you for encouraging us to stand up to the bigotry that trump is trying to institutionalize by bringing steve bannon and his team of henchmen and thugs into the white house .
this presents some serious risks for ordinary people , and opens the door to extreme legislation ( consider walking along the sidewalk , absent-minded whistling a popular song , and being arrested for copyrite infringement ) .
tammy you are the best
we were there to support our granddaughter who is one of the victims of this violent forcible rape which occurred in october .
i hope you read this you fucking coward !
mn nat guard should not budget any $ to lobby mn legislators to stop med cannabis , which they have been doing .
thank you tammy for military service to protect us and for your current service .
happy new year to you and yours , sen. warren .
what do you consider &quot; rich &quot; and don &apos;t fall for the snow job that patty or maria and every other u.s senator is trying to force down our throats .
infrastructure repairs = jobs , we need these repairs and upgrades .
shall we not point out that bernie didnt collect a paycheck till he was 40 ?
keep fighting for our safety and our environment .
so proud of nys !
vote ☆ president sanders the only sane choice &#91; &#91; photo &#93; &#93;
i can &apos;t help but think that if patty wasn &apos;t on the take from the insurance lobbiests we would have had the public option and real reform .. now we get a little more and the insurance companies get everyone !
i know what you might be up against here as the only female senator who hasn &apos;t yet endorsed hrc , i hope this means good things .
in early july of this year i moved from maryland to connecticut and quietly entered the political fray .
so proud that you are my senator .
cory booker 2020 , please be our voice .
happy the court upheld equal rights for everyone !
point being mental illness is a very broad term which includes many diagnoses .
clinton verbally abuses her employees and staff .
nice work al !
you too attorney general harris .
we need you to take action peter .
i applaud you , betty mccollum !
gun control and more help for the mentally ill .....
maybe the cold weather helps produce terrific hockey players ?
referring to trump as a &quot; two-bit dictator &quot; is extremely generous in this case !
if someone has mental health issues then don &apos;t sell the damn gun ( s ) to them !
how do you feel about dapl , senator patty murray ?
ademas a los gobernadores de puerto rico al salir de gobernador la dan una pension de $ 80,000.00 al año , gualdespaldas , auto , gasolina , una oficina , auto ect .
thank you for your advocacy on this issue .
warren , you &apos;re such a cry baby .. get ready for trump to be potus ! !
there &apos;s a new right wing party in germany with total privatisation of all social accomplishments on their platform .
we are proud of you brian .
there is a reason why minnesota is no .
we are so lucky to have you represent us !
which of your civil rights did joe sign away ?
thank you senator for opposing the pipeline !
thank you for what you &apos;ve done for nyers and for gay people nationwide senator .
happy birthday scott ... in november we will have 2 senators from mass .
we see it in the slow but steady acceptance of gay marriage .
one thing i &apos;m always thankful for is all the work you do .
senator warren , i &apos;m so disappointed that you chose to endorse hillary clinton , especially considering your position on giant corporations , wall st . , the koch bros , and so many other things ... it doesn &apos;t make any sense at all .
congrats to all the women of the world .
obama gillibrand 2012 !
congratulations to you senator duckworth !
in fact kiss the american workers ass that goes out every day and works ten , twelve and fourteen hours a day and some work weekends .
hi nancy how are u
even if the drug companies don &apos;t own your vote , you gave every impression that they do .
thank you for taking the stand this person deserves .
you can certainly understand our skepticism given the record of big pharma .
i think we can agree that we at least need a system where people with mental illness can &apos;t get guns .
it is time to see legislation that mandates that any manufacturer of the type of gun used in one of these devastating events be made to pay huge fines and that those monies be used to help those who are impacted by their products .
elizabeth warren should have been one of the democratic candidates .
condemn racism and hatred when you hear it in your close proximity .
oh and bush had a well documented history of addiction with drugs and alcohol .
dear mr. brown , please cast your super delegate vote for senator sanders ! !
may i ask that you vote against all of the prospective cabinet nominees .
# stillsanders # notmeus
i live in illinois but your victory is fantastic !
google the washington examiner article from 2012 that describes the racism &quot; manual &quot; published by the democrats to prolong the hatred of racism in political diatribe .
thank you ms. warren for taking any mystery away from where you stand on the phone issues .
growth and innovation causes the hunger pains to stop -- not more debt .
you and franken are doing it right .
time to organize , speak out , peaceful protest , reenergize the democratic base !
please join lewis and not attend on the 20th , patty !
that the pallone supporter swore loudly in at a senior citizen ?
thank you elizabeth for being the calm in the eye of the storm .
two male senators were later able to read from coretta king &apos;s letter to get it on the record ... this is blatant sexism and childish partisanship .
the pharmacy is approved and checked by the canadian government .
and hillary is okay with murdering innocent unborn babies ..... ironic you didn &apos;t mention that in your post !
deb spencer-axtman - it &apos;s democratic not democrat .
please endorse sanders and be his vp ! ! ! !
protestors were threatening to storm the stage and were promoting violence .
mike lapointe
you &apos;ll never get the progressive vote .
why do &quot; law abiding gun owners &quot; protest background checks so much ?
i think all the hoopla for any presidential inauguration is such a waste of taxpayers money .
please , senator , stand up to the nra and help to lead the fight for gun control now .
&quot; dignity for all , respect for each other without violence , and a quest for justice must govern our work and actions in the days to come . &quot;
don &apos;t forget : address the root cause , male aggression .
keep up the leadership chellie
shameful that you voted for big pharma and against the sander / klobuchar amendment to lower prescription drug prices .
as a former teacher i appreciate what you for us and for minnesota .
the haters are gonna hate .
elizabeth were u silent when the pot was disgraceful enough to be abscent for both scalia and reagans funerals ?
elizabeth warren ............. another freaken screwball liberal
bernie would trounce any republican opponent while hillary clinton leaves us at great risk of defeat .
yes , why did you vote against dodd-frank rule that investment advisors owe their clients a fiduciary duty ?
all drugs have side effects .
sen. inouye first impressed me during the iran-contra hearings in reagan &apos;s second term , holding oliver north to accounts .
thank you amy for your work on this
everyone , please show your support for science by joining a march for science on april 22 - there &apos;s one in minnesota .
he has voted against gun control legislation numerous times and that is one reason i am a very proud supporter of joe donnelly .
al , do you remember the 3 generations of activists from montana ?
senator cory booker , i &apos;ve been watching you for a few years .
it was obvious he could beat trump and hrc could not
this is such bs , pallone should be prosecuted for his outrageous lies concerning the aca .
you , senator klobuchar , are gaining supporters all across america .
right back at you senator brown .
we are lucky to have you senator murray .
im only hoping for elizabeth warren 2020 : ) ) ) ) )
bernie polled better than queen hillary against mein trump .
your marriage is literally only for procreation ?
i hope you are the one to break the glass ceiling in 2020. i am very worried .
protect ssi &amp; medicare - medicare for everyone !
thank you , betty , for saying what so many of us are thinking .
hillary is the devil in a blue pantsuit .
i will write bernie in .
it is ridiculous for hrc too continue !
i would never try to top elizabeth warren &apos;s questions .
it &apos;s time for you to listen to your constituents rick and vote for bernie at the convention .
we are so lucky to have you , congressman .
we need you democrats to fight for us .
wishing you a happy new year debbie , kari &apos;s mom ! !
duckworth 2020 , just remember that brother keith !
move the muslims in with you gerry connolly .
i have a friend with the same disorder in new jersey you should talk to .
you people need to fact check your accusations against hillary !
dear tulsi gabbard , why you did not write any thing yet about your fact- finding trip to syria ?
you are on the right side of history on this one , and we are grateful for your leadership ! !
funny how booker doesn &apos;t care about fda standards when it &apos;s in big pharma &apos;s interests to ignore them ... &quot; ( via patrick lindsey ) gee , cory , hypocrite much ? ! &quot;
it &apos;s bit shameful really that democrats are obstructing as much for a cabinet .
trump is also orange .
it is more important than ever that bernie sanders win the nomination and i hope the dnc and hillary supporters are paying attention to the polls .
your daily police force patroling the streets and on car patrol ought to be an unarmed police force .
mahalo
wish we could clone you , ron .
there is verifiable video evidence that hillary &apos;s campaign hired and trained people to stir up trouble at trump rallies .
every hockey game played by a canadian is played on home ice .
joan smith
natalie kalbakian he received over $ 250k in pharmaceutical contributions who the hell is he trying to fool
i have friends in that boat and recently fought as hard as they could to adopt a child which came from a young single lady .
the point is .... i like how you and hillary never get angry .
illinois is a shithole .
trump is terrible .
now is the time to get strong gun laws in this country .
the 1st ward first and alderman joe moreno wish you a very happy birthday senator durbin .
good job peter , thanks for representing oregonians interests over political correctness !
yay klobuchar
thank you for everything you do .. i am &quot; honored &quot; to have you represent us in congress keith .. : )
wish i could cross the line and move from wississippi to minnesota !
i agree chuck , lowering the payroll tax by 2 % has helped me .
all that is required for evil to flourish is for good people to remain silent .
that being said , hillary must be accountable for all of her actions .
thank you to all the wonderful women that have helped me through this thing called life i love &amp; respect you all
thank you for your courageous service tammy !
is it true that senator murray has accepted almost $ 500,000 in campaign contributions from the pharmaceutical industry ?
we love al in this house .
i love senator letter k. too bad i can &apos;t ever remember her last name .
i am ashamed of all you democrats and your petty , prideful games .
as i recall , w , by executive action , took out the automatic gun restrictions .
more abuse is all , and if you believe the doublespeak of michigan politicians i have land to sell you ...
keep vigilant patty !
thank you ms. maloney .
senator schumer , i am one of your constituents .
ya , cuz the fda only allows safe meds here in the states right ?
go jan. you are my favorite !
if trump is elected that a , erican people deserve what they voted for .
i &apos;m sorry to say that you have been a big disappointment to the party , and i second mike wallace &apos;s support for the idea you tender your resignation as chairman of the dnc .
happy thanksgiving to you &amp; your family , too , jon !
violence is not an optional behavior .
i love you elizabeth warren but i wish you would do something about it and endorse one of the democratic candidates before it &apos;s too late .
please urge your colleagues to take action on this thoughtful , humane resolution before this session of congress comes to a close .
fight the good fight peter .
we need more democrats like you .
love how when trump becomes president everyone &apos;s speeches change .
you claim russians hacked the election which is false but what is not false is someone hacked the dnc and exposed the corruption in your party .
that &apos;s our patty !
blue is the color for nov . 4th .
the stories all of us veterans &apos; families could tell you about the problems with care for nh veterans .
i appreciate your commitment to common sense gun legislation .
give all married couples the same financial rights too .
eager for you to be our next illinois senator .
hillary and you have been such an inspiration for so many people all around the world .
the dead always vote democrat
teddy would have been proud that a lady like liz warren is now has his seat in congress !
let &apos;s not forget that there are the trades and there are many jobs available there , also of note a master plumber is a very good and wealthy position in the community .
i pay $ 350 a month for prescriptions .
kenneth ... you are making the false presumption that every single politician is as corruptible as frank pallone and that is simply not the case .
thank you debbie stabenow for standing firm for the labor force of america .
funny .... it the liberals and democrats showing up to his rallies burning police cars , breaking windows out of businesses , assaulting trump supportes and standing in the middle of highways blocking traffic .
dt is a candidate for president .
thank you for continuing to represent our views on this matter .
why do the democrats and president refuse to negotiate ?
and i question you booker the hooker ... why did you take the money ?
i volunteered there a couple of weeks ago .... such kind and caring people ... and a very neat experience .
anti-muslim and anti-immigrant ideas – – all key tenets making up an emerging racist ideology known as the &quot; alt-right . &quot;
have always admired you as a person with compassion and integrity .
please tell us how we can help support you in this fight , ms slaughter .
ron wyden is a sellout .
thank you , i agree with elizabeth use it against them every chance you get !
this new proposed labeling law will not only negate the vermont law , but any future laws that push for clear visible wording on food labels .
counting on you , chuck !
you have my total support on this debbie stabenow ! ! !
thank you frank pallone jr . ! !
look at the protestors at the trump rallies they demonstrate all they you say trump stands for ?
would be nice to see a more proactive stance on bannon .
elizabeth i have stayed very silent for a long time .
i applaud you rep. lloyd doggett .
please vote no on trump &apos;s nominations .
_ _ _ clinton : &quot; bernie sanders and i will work together to make college tuition-free for the middle class and debt-free for all . &quot;
thank you for all you do cory booker ❤
senator blumenthal you are the best ! !
i &apos;m proud to be a new yorker tonight !
i was so ticked off with joe walsh that i started this campaign to help tammy .
your good work is appreciated .
you need to be held accountable also if trump wins , because you &apos;re acting like a hypocritical politician , by not endorsing sanders .
senator schumer , i &apos;ve been reading how you and all the democrats plan on dragging out president trump &apos;s nominations .
bernie sanders deserves your vote and you darn well know it al !
a much more deserving and honest person than hillary .
you &apos;re the problem peter , not the solution .
please mrs. warren .
defeating trump must be the priority of all hillary clinton and bernie sanders supporters and not just us true blue members of the democratic party .
i am thankful hawaii has some level headed leadership in these frightening times
5 ) snap foodticket users grew from 26 mln in 2007 to 45 mln ( all time highest ) 6 ) student loan is $ 1.1 trln with 17 % ( all tym highest delinquency ) 7 ) qe @ $ 3.5 trln easy money printed to prop up the stock market .
just can &apos;t stop burdening business congresswoman .
bernie sanders is the right choice .
i believe if you don &apos;t support pronatalist policies that include comprehensive fertility coverage , you don &apos;t really support equality .
well hilary cannot beat trump .
bernie sanders is not only the best possible candidate for the presidency , he is also the most electable candidate in the general election .
she was a real sweetheart .and on a scale of one to ten i give you a twelve amy we love you
thank you for your excellent efforts and marvelous example !
i would ask why your opponent couldn &apos;t even think of citizens united as a recent scotus decision that she didn &apos;t like - especially if she &apos;s for finance reform and a tea party candidate ....
&quot; first , we have laws on the books today that ban gender discrimination , and if a woman is being discriminated against because of her gender , she should use the full extent of that law .
get over it liz .
you &apos;re pathetic , resign , go home and allow connecticut residents to have real representation in dc .
also i can a std meds for free but no advise on how to be a good parent or how to give my baby up for adoption !
&quot; trump is bad for america &quot; says the mob destroying police cars , rioting , and waiving mexican flags ...
17 ) .income inequality rank of u.s. : fourth highest inequality in the world.ratio of average ceo earnings to average workers &apos; pay .
get &apos; em louise !
love you amy and love obama .... and everything you stand for !
lawrence o &apos;donnell of the last word is afraid some trump follower will take trump &apos;s hint and try to kill hillary .
beto you are doing a great job !
bear in mind the doors you open when you begin backpeddling women &apos;s rights .
comon elizabeth ! ! !
ten bucks says boner cries tonight proving once again the spotlight has to be on his amoeba sized cranial cavity continually .
great speech this morning maria at wcv !
happy birthday to you mom , too !
i would vote for you , al franken , if i could
i would have preferred warren being the one to make history ...
thank you senator , we need strong voice more than ever !
women will be much more successful with bernie sanders as president , congressman jared polis !
good for you , jackie !
nancy , elizabeth , hillary ! ! ! !
please help press for investigation into trumps &apos;s russian connections .... https : / / medium.com / @ zarinazabrisky / what-fbi-cant-see-but-we-can-ba90701838f2 # .ulj0c23zg
murray has consistently been one of the most solid backers of women &apos;s and veterans &apos; healthcare : if there was something about the amendment that didn &apos;t look safe , that &apos;s not &quot; selling out &quot; to pharm donors .
you want to get into a shooting match and screw up police work ?
elizabeth you used to stand for something .... look at mohammed ali and realize that some times you need conviction to be a great human ... get that egg off your face ...
pallone i am watching the energy and commerce committee hearing on the failed obamacare website taxpayers shelled out $ 375m we want to know the truth not watch you making an ass out of yourself .
but the outrageous profits of pharmaceutical companies stayed safe because of your vote .
thank you kamala for your strength and support .
ron kind does not respect equal rights for unborn women .
re : the farm bill - can you get your friend dick durbin and the other &quot; democrats &quot; who voted to deny ex-offenders ( of certain violent crimes ) from ever receiving snap benefits the rest of their lives - a talking to ?
btw : in a recent interview with ny times , trump said he will not be building a wall .
i &apos;m with you , claire .
so yes , even chuck schumer has said 250k in ny is not rich
any one but another progressive democrat
vawa covers programs and services to all 50 states that assist with sheltering all victims of intimate partner violence , sexual assault , incest , and stalking ( inclusive of cyber stalking ) .
what if this had happened when civil rights legislation ?
yes they are tammy and it is not right !
bernie sanders supporters are a ruthless army of fighters who come in the form of young , and old , darkest to lightest and every creed and religion .
keep representing minnesota , senator !
my point , my friend - wasn &apos;t that the tea party is all white , that would be very white supremacist , but rather specifically to dispute colleen &apos;s claiming that the video art posted was all about the tea party rally , which it clearly was not .
when the vote finally comes up lets hope all the dems , inc. independent bernie sanders will be there .
we , here in wa state .
there needs to be less police involvement in non-violent ( screaming matches ) domestic problems .
you are awesome , amy .
hooray for minnesota .
nice to watch that interview between dylan ratigan and sen. bernie sanders , on the subject of conflicts of interest at the fed , kali .
the lobbyists for the drug companies stopped this during previous attempts .
although gay marriage is not a religion , most see it as a religious institution .
we have made 2 applications one my partner did it for me then i found a job and i wanted to work to continue my studies here in malta where it is more easier to study then in albania .
to everyone afraid of a trump presidency : what have you actively done to prevent this event you fear besides being afraid ?
illinois children need you !
you are better than that amy .
how about we get the advertising for drugs off the tv networks and other advertising venues .
elizabeth warren for scotus !
with pride ... i stand with you anthony g. brown .
first , earl - thank you for the post .
ready to stand for my democracy .
putting steve bannon on the nsc is terrifying .
what would happen if 62 million voters called the national democratic headquarters and demanded the presidential election results be fully investigated for fraud by the gop and the trump for president campaign .
there is no cop on wall street .
disingenuous ass use the hammer in your hand on yourself you jack ass !
additionally , as a person who lays my life on the line daily to protect my community , i am completely against any further weapons bans .
i agree with you senator wyden .
thank g-d for debbie !
dear mr. wyden , you are a back stabbing , usa hating , hypocritical progressive idiot , where was your bs outrage when clinton or obama did the same thing .
can you please quit stalling and openly support bernie , then ?
boston is a strong city ... ty for supporting elizabeth ...
that they have been allowed with little notice shows the undue influence of big pharma .
also , trump has so far seemed so erratic .
introduced jan 5 , 2011 by rep giffords from az , she had 18 co-sponeers !
thank you / mahalo for all you do for us .
seems democrats back riots , accept unvetted immegrants , and are the party to block progress lead by senator schumer .
have a grateful christmas al and franni !
obama voted for the wall hillary voted for the wall biden voted for the wall .
perrin f. disner : ) she &apos;s got this , right ?
repalce &quot; typical white &quot; with &quot; typical muslim &quot; now is it racist ?
i agree with mark e. about the gang violence being grounded more in drugs than immigration .
happy birthday , big oil brown .
guns extend the reach of their violence .
they obstructed for 8 years .
just say his name - the one you seem to be describing in your third paragraph : ) # berniesanders
that would , in turn , increase wage and benefit competition between businesses .
btw : if he doesn &apos;t end his &quot; objection &quot; by 9 a.m. monday , make him perform an actual filibuster .
elizabeth warren is amazing , and contrary to what some of you might believe , a sanders or clinton endorsement is not that simple .
he also founded the forever fascism club in college .
as for the violence , it now appears soros / brock , hillary operatives , funded and operated the anti-trump violent protests
while it has been an issue for debate , the majority of global protesting fear that more force will only injury more syrians .
canadian tar sands oil production , by bp &amp; shell , generates more global warming pollution – in 2003 global warming pollution emissions from tar sands production totaled 25 megatons , and is estimated to reach 126 megatons by 2015 –
back sanders and his plans , and actually start representing the people of your state rather than the interests of those that fund your political career if you want to keep your job .
thank you for all you do patty !
john lewis is a coward and you are one as well .
thank you , senator mccaskill , from a former teacher .
let &apos;s all do more to stop gun violence .
winning the electoral college does not absolve trump of the grave sins he committed , and will commit , against millions of americans .
may israel &apos;s true legitimacy be universally accepted before too many more acts of violence leading to tragedy take place - our prayer .
and she should quit driving that big car of hers before she makes such statements .
wouldn &apos;t it be great if college students could graduate from college , start a career , and buy a house ?
go get them nancy !
thank you , senator murray , for your continued efforts on behalf of the citizens of the state of washington and on behalf of the nation .
condolences to the cuomo family ! ! ! !
now , let &apos;s get sessions and gorsuch confirmed .
will elizabeth warren want that in a vp ticket ?
probably bought and paid for by big pharma .
i march for my grandmother , who was born before women could vote .
i &apos;m grateful to have you as my congressman who understand the real challenges facing everyday people like me .
guns don &apos;t kill people people kill people .
i always say congressman bill pascrell , jr. has always been the best since his days as mayor in paterson ...
myself , fear bernie sanders to the core , think he is the most frightening of all next to hilary .
can you tell the difference between apostates , cultural muslims , muslims by nationality , muslims identifying with islamic denomination , nondenominational muslims , muslim brotherhood , grassroots jihadists , supporters of jihadists , lone-wolf attackers , etc . ? ?
9,563 shares comments &quot; yasss - me &amp; bernie sanders like this ! ! !
trump used the old divide and conquer .
- wait for the mid-term election mr. michael f. bennet .....
please run for dnc chair
thank you patty for all you have done and do !
it &apos;s totally amazing that in the greatest country on earth we end up with the choice of hillary clinton and donald trump as our nominees for potus .
thank you for standing against dangerous policies that encourage bigotry , offend our democratic ideals , and endanger our planet .
the name calling and accusations are beneath you senator .
jacob booker is turning into a greyjoy
you &apos;re using trump too much .
or how about making it a priority for large corporations to respect americans and hire .
thank you , senator claire mccaskill .
all self-respecting women should be completed offended by what trump said .
trump is either a modern day facist or the antichrist .
yeah , so proud the red , white and blue was removed from their uniforms ...
you cry doom and gloom , but trump hasn &apos;t even sat down in the chair !
go trump , maybe granny warren will run to canada with the rest of the jackasses that say they &apos;ll lesve
not a cory fan anymore .
good to know at there &apos;s least one less protester at the inauguration funded by my tax dollars .
cory booker you need to stop accepting money from big pharmaceutical if you are going to retain any semblance of respectability .
yay patty !
tell em &apos; elizabeth !
the characteristic of marginality and exclusion district of santa ana , province of huancavelica castrovirreyna-region is accentuated by the process of violence experienced our district in the late eighties and early nineties .
happy birthday to a rockstar !
happy haunnukah to you kirsten
zoe spoke today ( tuesday ) at the villages in san jose .
behind you all the way sherrod brown
trump is great .
you go senator warren
his hatred of anyone who is not white , rich , thin and beautiful is appalling .
keep up the great work amy klobuchar !
patty , why don &apos;t you worry about passing a senate budget ?
next electin , just two years away , we democrats must campaign as democarats not repubican-lites , we aren &apos;t as bad as they are : instead not what we &apos;ve done , why , and if the gops tried to reverse it make that clear as well .
love it cory booker !
if the company wants to move more oil , they must believe that would be good for business - isn &apos;t that good for michigan too ?
gina , would be a good thing , but all of those folks , mainly , en hunters who just adore having guns and the filibusters who filibust for not having gun control , i wonder if any of the children belong to them or their families .
kyrsten how do you do it ?
i love you elizabeth , looking forward to your appraisal tonight of trump &apos;s acceptance speech .
senator brown you need to work on a new plan on obamacare that you voted for .
lol he does not incite his supporters to violence it &apos;s his supporters who are being attacked get your facts straight pumpkin
thank you to you and sen. feinstein .
knock them dead today senator booker !
amy are you aware of what is happening to lp gas that country people heat their homes with ?
again scary lol you anti trump people are weak .
it &apos;s temporary , mr schumer .
please , cheri advocate for electors to be briefed on the intelligence report before they vote on december 19 .
steve bannon does not share these core american values .
hillary is trying to unite party while bernie is all about bernie ... elizabeth is waiting for the nominee before endorsing which is the fair and intelligent way so as not to divide party ... unite and defeat trump .
i have been a ma supporter of yours for years and now i am so delighted that you and my wonderful congresswoman , katherine clark are connected !
from the beginning i knew that snyder was a lying weasel .
run tulsi run ! ! !
silly games from both parties , one wants to block that and the other one wants to pass tpp .
jackie speier thank you for reaching out for my coworkers and i at vwr trying to save our jobs , you will never be forgotten in our hearts .
i voted for bernie , i have a clear conscious ! !
best of luck for you in 2015
thank you sen. stabenow !
funny how the lady who is now saying to take the militarization away from police also was a big influence in trying to disarm law abiding citizens .
please , josh , decent if you can the israeli occupation of palestinian land and the forced evacuation of palestinians from productinthe rockets you refer to were crude and ineffective .
those of us with an opinion about rep. maloney &apos;s attendance at the trump inauguration might also want to contact her more directly : representative carolyn maloney &apos;s phone numbers : dc : 202-225-7944 manhattan : 212-860-0606 queens : 718-932-1804 brooklyn : 718-349-5972 ( tuesdays only ) twitter : @ repmaloney
this is not good but i am optimistic that dems can retain the seat .
happy birthday , mr. president !
and , it took another 100 years to get the defense of women legislation passed .
happy thanksgiving elizabeth , bruce and family .. praying god &apos;s riches blessings upon you at this time of the year .
rally your caucus , please endorse bernie sanders for president !
glad we have you al miss your humor in the arena of life , god bless you and yours
give jobs to some older social work students to do the link ups .
you &apos;re my hero , elizabeth .
and we need you to bring your a game every minute of every day to protect those who feel real fear right now .
go , debbie , go + keep urging friends !
we didn &apos;t protest and loot and riot and burn cities down .
the cranio facial specialist diagnosed skye with right coronal craniosynostosis .
* * forward this link today : http : / / nymag.com / thecut / 2016 / 03 / women-trying-to-defeat-donald-trump.html ? mid = facebook _ nymag trump &apos;s woman problem : the cost to the gop in races for congress &amp; the presidency 3 must read , fascinating new articles : &quot; .
always admired tim kaine .
assault weapons should be banned !
ignorance is not bliss it &apos;s just ignorant .
everyone here in the orlando gay community has seen and greatly appreciates all the love and support from around the world
if there was ever a year that michigan needed a team to cheer , it &apos;s this one .
only once , according to the surface transportation board , have these laws ever been updated , and that was when the clean rr act of 1990 was created by nj us senator laudenburg .
i agree with you wholeheartedly suzanne
maybe she &apos;ll leave for canada
when you used what you perceived was atypical black human being drawl in a church in selma , al , you know how racist you were being , right ?
there are almost a million blacks in massachusetts but not one representative or senator warren probably should not even be in office
anthony brown , lewis may have walked with martin luther king , but it seems like he learned nothing from the man .
furthermore , some of the senators who didn &apos;t vote for the klobuchar / sanders importation amendment voted for wyden &apos;s instead- wyden &apos;s had better protections , and was less appealing to republicans .
thankful for you , patty .
thanks for your great work , amy .
cuckoo , cuckoo elizabeth warren ...............
rep. yarmuth i hope you get defeated next time .
the electoral college doesn &apos;t vote until december 19. that means that right now about 20 people hold the fate and future of america in their hands .
trump says global warming is a hoax .
however , with the nightmare created by trump &apos;s latest eo on the ban , i urge and plead you and other senators to do what you can to revoke this ban .
yes , let &apos;s get the facts on gun violence .
cory booker , the bill was for the ability to reimport drugs from canada that we ship there already .
we stand with you , senator chuck schumer , but what are you going to do ?
thankyou tulsi it would be great if we could once again be land of the free .
but hillary would be better though ? ?
elizabeth warren is going to do nothing but hurt the democratic party .
keep fighting jan you are great
the repeal needed to happen so now you guys stop messing around and pass something that is good for everyone except the greedy pharmaceutical companies .
get em , miss congresswoman jackie speier
what .... don &apos;t parents have the right to talk to their kids about drugs in their own way ? ? ? ?
tonight the news is saying 2 refineries in mn are shut down or partially shut down , including pine bend in rosemount , which apparently refines 70 % of our gasoline in mn .
i don &apos;t see people walking around with assault weapons on a daily basis and i don &apos;t believe hunters need them to kill their prey .
although i have not lived in massachusetts for over 11 years , i am very proud of the residents of ma for electing this amazing woman .
something needs to be done about gun violence .
this was a trump propaganda move which effected hundreds of innocent people .
really , nancy o &apos;connor ?
my meds are so expensive that they cause me to fall into the &quot; donut hole &quot; every april .
what is so &quot; fair &quot; about middle class workers being burdened even further by this horrible health care debacle ?
you thrive on hate , name calling and ignorance .
thank you , so proud of you cousin pete .
donald trump is unfit for president of our usa ... pamela
rip senator , i was honored to meet him once , a true american hero .
with new buzz words .
you are an embarassment to our state for that post mr. wyden .
4.champcash is india based hundreds 100 percent genuine mlm company .
trump is constitutionally incapable of either respect or concern for anyone other than himself .
this appointment is dangerous and unacceptable .
congrats mrs klobuchar !
thank you for caring about clean energy , senator kamala harris ! ! !
i , and many others , stand with you senator patty murray .
laura , i always thought senator elizabeth warren as a bold progressive .
but hey , a couple hundred grand from lobbyists from big pharma makes the conscience a bit happier i guess .
the problem with kirsten is she for polluting childrens playgrounds !
and the trump picks get worse n worse , just reiterating his ignorance
# berniesanders is the answer !
senator franken ~ you don &apos;t know how much joy it gives me to know that the mere words &quot; senator al franken &quot; are enough to give apoplexy to some ahem political pundits .
thank you and happy holidays !
luckily for me , the state of oregon requires health insurances to offer a portability plan so , through that plan , they were not able to deny me coverage based on my &quot; pre-existing &quot; conditions .
cory booker for president 2020 ?
don &apos;t forget that women &apos;s ncaa play-offs are going on in columbus this saturday .
the cia destroyed videotaped evidence of torture .
trump needs to be put down like a rabid dog but in a democratic way .
thank you for your gracious hospitality and your wise inspiration .
dear sen. schumer , the immigration issue while important is just trump / bannon throwing scraps to the lions ... the real meat is dodd frank reform .
when you sided with monsanto and opposed mandatory labeling of gmo &apos;s , * that * was a vote for corporate control .
cory booker i will reserve judgement on your vote for now until you show us something better , but i have to give you props for trying your best to explain the situation to the people .
thank you for being a positive voice in support of veterans .
thank you senator gillibrand , for speaking up for my three public school children .
we need people like you and bernie now more than ever .
senator murray , i was gravely disappointed when i saw that you and senator cantrell voted against this a mere 3 days ago .
look at jesse jackson calling president trump a great man .
may god blee u patty xxx
so then why did you vote against bernie sanders and amy klobuchar amendment to lower drug prices ?
pass strong police reform legislation .
colleen , there &apos;s nothing wrong with wikipedia as facts .
respect the people and endorse bernie sanders !
thank you , peter , for opposing this .
america will always be strong with strong and smart senators like warren and under the leadership of barack obama , america will defeat terrorism , economic depression as the one caused by the republican presidency , and will continue to be the greatest country on earth ! ! ! ! ! !
the problems were resolved with strong police enforcement .
but ole warren is a democrat so let those tankers roll thru ur city at 70 mph while u sleep .
atlas shrugged nancy
your fired chuck ! ! ! !
i support you kirsten gillibrand
please patty step up or step out .
we hope you will run in 2020 .
he is sick in the head and should be put in a mental facility
so ... support bernie sanders already .. geez .
proud to be a part of this eh al ?
&quot; i would rather be exposed to the inconveniences attending too much liberty than to those attending too small a degree of it . &quot;
thank again for the great job you do for us here in mn .
bernie is the only viable candidate than can beat dump .
how many of you with malice for hobby lobby know anything about how they treat their employees ?
this is the reason our nation has such hate and violence .
respect and love you , john yarmuth !
when is the democratic party going to start working w other protest groups ?
ms. elizabeth warren , as i &apos;m sure many people feel today , i am heartbroken and disillusioned .
i &apos;m grateful to you &amp; your staff , chellie , for all the hard work you do for our district , our grand state of maine , our country .
hats off to you congresswoman frederica wilson
ukrainian citizens are being severely tortured , kidnapped , shot with live bullet fireams and mass killed by war criminals , which is the genocide of people of ukrainian ethnic nationality .
2. advocate stronger regulations on the banking industry .
not buying the argument that canadian health standards are more of a threat to americans than pharmaceutical price gouging .
thank you senator warner - his record of racism made him unfit to be a judge in the 80s and he is unfit to run the department of justice today .
there is no holly blessing of gay unions in the bible .
i saw it , debbie .
thank you for fighting for veterans .
trump &apos;s words vs. clinton &apos;s actions , which is worse ?
this is on the dnc today .
you think hillary is any better ? ?
dt does not represent america .
keep it real patty .
will you boycott the inauguration ? ? ?
instead we get superficial us / them pieces re : liberal elites from the coasts vs. middle america , urban vs. rural , black women vs white women planning to march in dc , it goes on and on .
in fact , a study conducted by langer associated on behalf of ncpa found that a patients &apos; personal connection with a pharmacist or pharmacy staff is the biggest predictor of medication adherence .
it &apos;s funny , when the democratic protesters are showing their bitterness and bigotry it &apos;s always incited by someone else .
thanks patty for helping to put this country on the road to socialism ! ! !
something needs to be done - there are far too many mass shootings - thank you for trying to make a difference !
it has been a repudiation of left wing nanny state politically correct thought police state that hillary would have continued .
and thank you for all of your work for us !
hoping large corporations are doing their part to give back !
for all the likes they have special homes for all yall with lots of good drugs .
it &apos;s democracy , and we need to improve our education and help our population that feel left behind .
so many are directing their words of peace to the protesters .
kirsten gillibrand came to woodstock and stood up for gus high eagle and the unity riders and their families .
eid mubarak brother
we in the new york area have known this for years ...
kirsten ..... i am so glad that you support all three of these important issues ....
booker you better fight like hell against the republikkkan https : / / www.facebook.com / theatlantic / videos / 10154823525748487 /
thanks pete for working to protect our wild spaces and animals .
senator warren thats a nice thought but he will never help this country or it &apos;s people .
the democrats are just as bad , what did they ever do to lower drug costs besides lip service ?
my hope is that this could result in annulment of the election before the inauguration of a pliable sociopath con man as president .
i wish senator duckworth had demonstrated the same support to americans being forced against their principles to pay for abortions , contraception , and to celebrate homosexual marriages by being forced to provide wedding cakes , floral arran men &apos;s and photography against their conscience .
mr bennet .
take a breath al .
a role model doesn &apos;t do you much good when you don &apos;t have a paycheck to feed your family .
at least michigan has two democratic senators who will support this measure .
thank you for having our backs , sen brown !
she &apos;s hardly a girl , she &apos;s a mature woman .
why would native american women be excluded ?
as a liberal democrat and the mother of a daughter with a schizoaffective disorder , i was very disappointed to read the recent statement you signed about the helping families in mental health crisis act .
you are amazing and and inspiration .
there are so many things that could be destroyed by trump i don &apos;t know where to begin !
so you need to run for president ms. warren !
disappointed you did not attend .
i will miss you jon .
hobby lobby provides many forms of birth control .
looks like we have a bit of a disconnect going on here senator , we all know that both you and senator cantwell did not vote with senator sanders .
elizabeth , you are an inspiration to all of us .
it seems so strange to me that representative larsen is being excoriated for following the primary process as it is currently designed .
❤ ️ one of my favorite authors !
i &apos;m just waiting on pins and needles , patty !
booker , we export drugs cheaper than we sell otto people in usa .
elizabeth artis
nice jackie
elizabeth , you are a u s senator .
please warren endorse him !
no debbie stabenow they got it wrong .
that much money and resources invested for * 35 * jobs ?
gfy corey booker .
federal marriage equality
he her awful leadership of the democratic party from 2008 on is the reason we have trump .
booker is one of the top recipients of campaign donations from the pharmaceutical industry , and these donations played a major role in helping him win his 2013 election https : / / www.google.com / amp / observer.com / 2017 / 01 / cory-booker-bernie-sanders-amendment-prescription-drugs / amp / ? client = ms-android-hms-tmobile-us
mr. booker , what about your nay vote on big pharmaceutical ?
senator murray , didn &apos;t you vote yes rather emphatically on doma in 1996 ?
a semi-liberal political-opportunist democrat who has latched onto a few progressive issues , while attached to the establishment and aligned with aggressive war policies ( see : hillary clinton ) .
congrats , your true colors as a corporate whore shine through
please know how committed i am to finding solutions ‎ to the problem of skyrocketing drug prices – it &apos;s a problem i &apos;ve been working to alleviate for years .
a happy fourth to you as well sherrod , hope you &apos;re firing up the grill and enjoying the weather
to bad the vast majority of them were part time or low paying service jobs .... so good job amy
it boggles my mind that people &quot; like &quot; kirsten , then post ugly , nasty comments about her on her page .
where were his tears when kate steinle was killed by lopez-sanchez ..... an illegal immigrant from mexico who had previously been deported on five different occasions .
i worked all over the country for era and women &apos;s equality .
such incidents are represent a high priority safety issue that is of grave concern to me , and many other citizens like me .
jeremy - that &apos;s why i referred to &quot; movement conservatives . &quot;
their perspective on minimum wage and cuts to needed services might change .
that would be in addition to getting bannon banned from an official position .
get with bernie and come up with something you can vote for but don &apos;t let this die , many americans are going to lose their ability to access healthcare in the next years , it &apos;s disgusting .
she and al franken are siding with the gop with their plan to cut food stamps when the farm bill comes up again .
there is no person i fear more in a position power than senator warren , she is a real threat to all world democracies .
excellent amy !
this woman is a delusional dingbat
staff - also joining patty at the rally : reps. jay inselee , norm dicks , jim mcdermott , and rick larsen .
thank you senator gillibrand for being the only democrat right now worth their salt and standing up to this terrible president .
spout your factually inept bullshit and move on , it &apos;s what you &apos;re best at .
elizabeth warren known associate of nazi sympathizer , george soros !
i agree , mr. doggett ; and i have just sent a message to senator murphy for not running away from this issue .
i did not work with any civil rights movement .
i thank you , al .
time to endorse bernie , then ?
kaine , in your interview with chris matthews .
march to polls in 2018 and get those that so cowardly voted yes , outta there !
i &apos;ll vote and donate to mike lapointe and bernie sanders .
thanks senator stabenow .
repugs can be expected to attack all the new deal programs , civil rights .
you do great work al !
if you want to do the right thing for america vote against it , if you want to be re-elected vote against tpp and fast tracking .
and i don &apos;t care which side of the aisle you &apos;re on , what happened in the coleman-franken recount made us a national embarrassment for anyone concerned with integrity in elections .
trump and the clintons are as thick as thieves .
today is a day to remember the jfk years jan . 1961 to nov . 22 , 1963 i was in high school gym class when i learned it .
hillary clinton has a shocking reputation as well .
if he wants gun control maybe he should start in chicago and leave the legal , law abiding gun owners alone .
i am interested in selling the organic produce i grow , i usually grow far more than my family , friends and neighbors can use .
vote hillary and she &apos;ll see that more die at the hands of her wall street supports .
happy festivus and thanks for your sane , funny voice in dc , al .
please get processed foods out of our schools !
we need to know specifically what you are doing to stand up to this hateful and illegitimate administration .
thanks amy for all you do for us !
( 1 ) imd - psychiatric beds were important every time my son was psychotic state those first 13 years .
i &apos;m so proud you &apos;re my congressman .
democrats need to stop bickering and start attacking trump now , both persons .
as a chopper pilot in the us army ms. duckworth exemplified courage under fire .
happy thanksgiving to you elizabeth .
thank you , keith - please keep working for justice !
where is your post on how new york will lose 7 billion dollars all because you want to keep sancturary cities here in our state .
this bill will be a great start to fixing our nation &apos;s broken mental health system .
trump is a demagogue and a charlatan .
sincerely , melissa peterson
i love reading these messages from democratic leaders ... so different from the words of obstruction the republicans shared the last 8 years .
warren actually created the position .
thanks friends of cheri bustos
i have a question for you tammy , i want to help with the backlog in the va for our returning vets .
ron , why did you build this monstrosity with my tax dollars ?
now you can kiss bernie or keith &apos;s agenda goodbye .
thank you congressman hastings for serving the public good , and using you r position to highlight and denounce this .
be happy you &apos;re alive and breathing .
so now , who &apos;s the racist ?
congratulations kyrsten !
sanders has some very well thought out ideas , but those will hurt our economy just as much as the other candidates plans .
keep fighting the great fight i have always been proud to call you my congresswoman from your loyal supporter and friend from san antonio , tx .
it &apos;s going to be a scary four years no matter who gets in .
# bernieorbust # wethepeople # sanderswarren2016 # onlyonechoice # neverhillary
... hey bill , thanks for supporting progressive healthcare initiatives ; and while we &apos;re on the subjuct of worthwhile efforts : a team of 10 scientists has come up with an idea of how to make that happen : reclassify the most harmful plastic waste as hazardous material .
schumer didn &apos;t cry on 9 / 11 .
how many canadians are dying ?
now water is a utility anywhere else , why because i have a well for water not a necessity of life ?
even as a supporter of pallone i could care less if he wished me a happy easter , haloween , or any other holiday for that matter .
and three cheers to you tammy .
contributions to harris 2014 ; re-elect attorney general kamala ... contributions since : $ 468,810 ... san francisco , ca 94107 , special projects / google , 1000 , 2014-10-29 , 2014-10-30. how much of a help is she gna be ?
too soon cory .
mary grimm - i get your point , but i would suggest the folks at the food banks are grateful for the funds .
i learned that there had not been a new class of mental health drug that had been fda approved in over seven years ( this was 2013 ) , meaning that every person in every pharma company working on mental health had been nothing but a huge profit drain for nearly a decade .
the fda is also the same group that stopped avastia from being used for certain types of cancer , thus subjecting the cancer sufferer to almost certain death .
i &apos;ve said the same thing senator warren , can i come work for you ... i feel if america messes up and elects trump , massachusetts might be safer for me .
bottom line : contraception doesn &apos;t cause abortions , it helps prevent them .
now i hope you will also vote no on trump &apos;s other terrible nominees .
agreed wholeheartedly senator warren .
trump probably has been buying their kind his entire life
bernie can &apos;t even win the majority of democratic voters .
we are counting on you al &amp; i &apos;m grateful that you are in the box .
if you weren &apos;t sitting on the sidelines , bernie would be in much better shape ! ! !
i &apos;ll vote third party and help force a dnc loss before voting to ruin it with hillary as it &apos;s leader .
so glad i voted for you attorney general harris !
is amy klobuchar supported by soros ?
i know that you have some strong women in your life and appreciate the value of a strong , independent woman .
hey elizabeth , we are already a nation splintered from one man &apos;s narcissism and divisiveness .
you need to fix obamacare ... it is not even close to working for the people in nh .
elizabeth warren 2020 ?
senator bennet , i have recently gone on a cspan tear and been listening to the confirmation hearings rather to music while at work .
hi amy , i live in ramsey mn and voted for you .
if the gop won &apos;t stop these lunatics trump and bannon and the democrats are apparently dead in the water it &apos;s up to the people and the media .
we need unity , a willingness to work for peace .
i am with you , senator warren .
and lower prescription costs don &apos;t matter to you because you take all that money from pharma pacs !
as always , gop men making decisions about women &apos;s lives ...
please fight this fascist from destroying america .
again , i have gay friends ( more than just acquaintances ) and a gay family member , whom i love deeply .
well , well , amy .
i will be doing everything in my power to unseat you this fall and return the party to it &apos;s roots which bernie is fighting for .
as a hetero who &apos;s been married to the same guy for 46 years , i do not feel at all threatened by other people getting equal rights .
the egyptian pessary is the earliest contraceptive device for women .
we need the democrats in office to get it together .
i am very grateful for rep. shea-porter &apos;s service so far , and hope there &apos;s lots more in the future .
you endorsed the person who sold out our progressive movement .
as a new wisco-ite i support tammy baldwin for us senate this fall .
it &apos;s amazing how many people use your facebook threads to spew hate and ignorance .
women need to demand this of their representatives .
points to ponder before election day : if you are gay , why are you voting for hillary ?
funny thing though , when a trump rally was held here in costa mesa there were riots , vandalism , and arson by protesters against trump .
another pathological liar democrat progressive bites the dust !
you do realize bernie has done more for veterans than any other senator .
i doubt anything that increases government control is a good thing , and i think al franken is a joke .
tammy duckworth is definitely the person i support for congress .
when you intend to incite a riot , do not expect to be treated like queen elizabeth .
we are fighting a difficult fight and need you to lead .
happy birthday patty , i hope it turns out to be a great day for you
yes , no more electoral college
chris van hollen is wildly complaining about not having the funding for the snap program .
i am looking to you elizabeth warren to hold them all accountable .
as you can see my maiden name was warren .my father &apos;s people were from mass .
please keep the pressure on him and the rest of trump &apos;s nominees .
what is richie trying to conceal ?
tim kaine your comments here is what will make you an awesome v p. i already voted as did my husband .
so what are you going to do about it u.s. senator elizabeth warren ?
despite this high and mighty comments by tim kaine many can very well understand trump &apos;s point of view .
we need you to continue this work now more than ever .
to do all i can to stop the keystone pipeline development and sulfide mining in minnesota .
you are amazing patty !
75 % of seed diversity has already been lost to industrial farming .
i &apos;m sorry , but your refugee program for the sake of enhancing your voter base is beyond cruel and hurtful for our country .
amy thank you for these words .
jan you need to quit watching right wing bs and the democrats need to quit messing around with this bipartisan brinksmanship line of manure !
senator you rock !
that would be fox &quot; news &quot; and the other right wing propaganda outlets , right ?
i am disillusioned by his vote on drug purchases from canada .
cory is amazing !
tammy , maybe i missed it , but i didn &apos;t see where you wrote anything similar about the &quot; gold star &quot; mother who lost her son in benghazi .
amen sen. amy klobuchar ... what a wise senator .. proud to call minnesota our second home !
you did the right thing senator booker .
makes me proud of minnesota !
el paso is gorgeous from many different angles and it &apos;s nice to see that out there .
senator gillibrand - how could you have voted against states right to label gmo foods ?
president harris !
i pray mr. booker that you take up the mantle and move us forward .
yes but hillary is a fugitive from justice
i &apos;d like an explanation to in regards to your vote against allowing americans to purchase cheaper pharmaceuticals from canada .
holyoke catholic also has a rich and intertwined history in greater springfield as much as cathedral does .
civil unions can be revised to provide equal rights .
so yes , i hate you - and despise you , hold you in contempt , loathe you for your hypocrisy , deplore your determination to control other women &apos;s bodies , and just in general wish you &apos;d fuck off and die in a fire .
get em jon !
i only point this out because pallone praises them .
i watched , this woman will not help public education in virginia or america .
she will be first woman president .
the poaching number of wolves in minnesota are way higher than what they say .
thanks , peter !
cory booker : would love to hear your thoughts : i found an article that outlines why the muslim ban was a test : it was a test to see who was loyal , who was not .
happy birthday i wish you could be vice president because you are what we need for change .
well said , lillian ... also note that becca completely avoided acknowledging the phenomenon of neo-con chickenhawks that i mentioned in my earlier post , instead completely changing the issue to alleged voter fraud .
as a superdelegate please support bernie sanders .
i love your life elizabeth warren ! ! !
cory booker get loud and aggressive ! ! !
exactly what i &apos; m saying in my other post , if our politicians worked as hard on creating jobs and fighting sequestration as the do for gay marriage and womens rights , we would be in much better fiscal shape , all things in there time you know .
i salute sen. gillibrand for standing up for what is the correct and prudent thing to do .
i &apos;ll vote for him just because you democrats hate him so much .
definitely - 8. review safety standards for gun locks and gun safes ( consumer product safety commission ) .
al , i doubt you &apos;ll read this , but you &apos;re awesome
you are truly one of the &quot; good guys &quot; , sen. durbin and it is an honor to be with you in your re-election bid !
i hope the court rules that no one needs permission , acceptance , agreement , approval , acceptance , tolerance or understanding to have equal rights .
ms klobuchar , would you please comment on these : the regulatory accountability act , the midnight rules relief act and the reins act .
or that people who eat themselves into diabetes shouldn &apos;t be treated with insulin or kidney disease ?
my memories were better before my son developed a serious mental illness .
warren is a typical libtardmoronshitforbrains .
as a volunteer for bernie , @ 54 , i have met many young people who are beautiful souls who need to keep working for bernie and hillary and the democratic party and meet people .
you are beyond despicable , sherrod !
thank you betty for not selling out to the aipac heavies and not allowing yourself to be another zionist mooch .
a fine example is the fair housing act which ultimately led to the mortgage crisis and &quot; necessitated &quot; government bail-outs that everyone is so fond of .
we are lucky to have such a honorable man representing us as our senator .
here it is : warren buffett , &quot; i could end the deficit in 5 minutes , &quot; he told cnbc .
accessible and affordable housing near public transportation
elizabeth , don &apos;t throw stones when you live in a glass house .
we are very happy with you , senator .
thanks for your mind reading , chuck .
senator harris thank you for your thoughtful posts .
proud of you claire for standing up for public schools !
patty you are for the people and by the people ! ! ! !
claire is right on this one .
senator franken , i did fundraising ( gsi ) for you from almost day one until feb 1st of this year .
what a load of horse shit .
many internet corporations , or other large businesses and large corporations continue to rip people off and nothing is done to enforce their illegal behavior and they know it .
do not take advice from a woman who is to the left of bernie .
- and trump will not change .
shame on you for not taking a stand against this imposter and unearned inauguration .
good luck in congress this year ron , congratulations , god bless america and please remember you represent us all in oregon ... thank you for your service .
i will write in bernie sanders name if i have to .
please representative slaughter .
our rights are more important then his progressive agenda .
colleen accuses someone else of wearing a tinfoil hat ?
yet another reason why i am voting for schatz for senate - a progressive who is , as buddha i might have said- facing future .
make no mistake ... there are many sanders supporters who would not be drawn to the hillary side no matter what ploy she uses to &quot; unite the party &quot; aka get our votes .
dear senator schumer , congratulations on now being minority leader of the senate .
lacy clay ( d ) blue lives matter .
i used to like you senator warren , but backing clinton and then publishing this statement is just plain hypocrisy .
i am a trump voter .
i invite all of my fellow democrats , as well as others , who have supported senator mccaskill to join me in supporting jim webb for president .
will you vote no on fast tracking tpp .
a double-dip recession as billions of dollars in student loans go into default .
elizabeth , like her peers , will do or say anything , to whip up public dissent and foment hatred , in order to keep her place at the public trough of taxpayer money .
and when you start your campaign for the 2020 presidential election , i will be the first to sign on to help in any way i can .
by the way , elizabeth warren has done more to protect vulnerable americans from predatory creditors , loan sharks , and crooked financiers than any of her congressional predecessors .
at least you and bernie sanders appear to have integrity .
saying assault weapons &quot; kill &quot; people is like saying spoons cause obesity lets ban spoons to because obesity is a larger problem and causes more deaths annually than do any type of firearm .
the political agenda of the syrian opposition : to hate assad - the economic agenda of the syrian opposition : to destroy infrastructure and taking loan $ for the recon $ truction $ - as for their social agenda : students to stop studying and to join &quot; freedom fighters &quot; in their battles ...
people saw you were a democrat and they assume you will work with hillary .
i &apos;m just the low 99 % ... i used to be middle class !
i voted for ew in mass and regret it .
trump is a very good cult leader .
and wonderful that sen. gillibrand went to haiti--so important that these poor suffering souls are reminded that we care about them , and so important to see the situation firsthand .
in the 18 years before the law , australia suffered 13 mass shootings - but not one in the 14 years after the law took full effect .
in addition : they &apos;re all noticeably white and male .
or should i say more women in general ?
trump is the deal .
continue to make delaware proud !
my impression of warren is another academic turned politician that hasn &apos;t made a real impact in the day to day lives of middle class americans in a positive way .
we thank heaven for you , jackie .
i &apos;m not going to say a woman can &apos;t do the job but please not this woman .
i am the democratic base .
bless you tammy and your family we love you
merry christmas and happy holidays to you and your family ! !
lack of access to good infrastructure is probably the single biggest roadblock to economic growth in outstate minnesota .
monsanto bill was snuck into another important bill to get signed by obama and debbie was behind the whole thing .
please choose michigan people over monsanto ... even if they are throwing campaign donations your way ?
back the violent thugs mrs warren .... sad
me too , debbie .
( re : warren &apos;s eulogy ) ?
i feel so fortunate to live in an area with such broad diversity !
22,676 so far , , , how do you feel about labeling gmos patty murray , maria cantwell and rick larsen ?
also thank you amy klobuchar for your support for the be at school programs ..
he backs law breakers over victims , muslims over christians , blm over police , champions radical causes that divide us amongst relgious and racial lines .
sorry for your loss , senator franken .
hillary will not win .
control the mentally unstable and you won &apos;t have an issue with who owns guns .
similarly , individuals with mental afflictions need cognitive behavioral therapy or the right meds , which is more expensive but we should demand these treatments from our leaders .
wish you happy new year !
i left john mc cains district aand came home to minnesota .
your democrat candidate , hillary clinton said it best .
let me be clear : be a democrat , fight to restore the middle class and fight to restore decency between different groups .
warren if you hate him so much you should &apos;ve run !
these mexican immigrants work much harder than most people from the united states , for wages most of us wouldn &apos;t accept !
so proud to call you my friend ! !
if you dont know whats really going on with the unemployment rate because these cronies , such as amy , keep feeding you trumped up numbers , i urge you to do your own research .
wow , such anger from the gun lobby .
happy thanksgiving , amy , to you and your family .
... and i will join you in preventing trump &apos;s mysoginistic , xenophobic , ignorant views fueled by his narcissistic and oppositional personality disorder from ever ruining this country !
thanks , betty mccollum .
bernie sanders is my potus choice so fuck you thief
stimulate small businesses , increase drug task forces to counter rise in heroin including rewards for turning in dealers , emergency funds to help people pay the high costs of heat this winter .
big big mistake to value pharmaceutical business over our country &apos;s health .
balance the budget frank .
i &apos;m a new yorker and unless he steps it up be prepared to become the senior senator for our state .
so why haven &apos;t you supported bernie sanders ?
sim gil says hi
our votes will be our voice when the time comes , but a super delegate isn &apos;t inherently required to vote with the populous .
mrs warren is inspiring and hopeful with her thoughtful and intelligent worldview .
mr. booker begining your campaign for a 2020 presidential run .
monsanto foods kills millions .
why don &apos;t we remove all martin luther king street names and symbols in our country while we &apos;re at it ? .
first , your describing the democratic party history .
good for you jon !
but he was polling stronger against trump than she was .
i am proud you are my senator !
keith your a racist hack
we are owned by the rich corporations and all the politicians of both parties are in their pockets .
jeremy i did not make it up it &apos;s in the elitist paper wsj http : / / www.marketwatch.com / story / us-recession-ended-june-2009-nber-says-2010-09-20 ? dist = afterbell and if you send me kool aid - i will need some rum
if this is truly about equal rights for women i applaud your efforts but where were they before today ?
keep our nation and michigan as pure as possible ?
what &apos;s it called when hilary says in a speech she &apos;ll put coal miners out of work than to their face says she didn &apos;t actually mean that ? ?
elizabeth , why do i feel this is not all that sincere ?
bannon is not the person to be speaking in the ear of a president of or country !
yes , senator gillibrand .
enjoy your retirement elizabeth warren .
thank you for standing up for us , senator murray .
trump is a joke and would be a horrible excuse as a president ! ! !
thank you sen franken !
as sherman said , &quot; war is hell &quot; !
keep up the good fight for us , senator franken .
canada has risky prescription drugs ?
one that will enrage trump supporters and relect him .
way to support it sherrod !
run , sen. booker , run !
all those snowflakes are crying and crying and saying that it is so unfair that their corrupt candidate cannot use the white house to extend her corruption .
i agree ron , i &apos;m still working on my past student loans and still trying to work on my degree .... now i &apos;m sick and can &apos;t work right now ... thanks for going to bat for us
you should endorse bernie .
if all politicians were like you , amy , everyone could get so much more done .
thank you for your work on this issue .
70 % of students entering college need either remedial math , english or both in order to be competent .
i hope the announcement is schumer is fired and bloomberg was locked up in a mental institution .
i don &apos;t think sanders has much to be proud of .
most of subsidized loans go to people to rich to be poor and to poor to be rich .
social security , medicaid , and medicare should be left alone--cut subsidies to fossil fuel corporations and loopholes that allow corporations to hide their profits overseas .
i live in annandale , amy .
amy rio
senator murray , please tell me why it &apos;s your responsibility to &apos; create jobs and stimulate the economy &apos; .
you don &apos;t represent massachusetts .
sorry , think he should attend .
just knowing she is a met fan should make others know she will fight for the underdog .
so proud and happy for you tammy !
here are the 46 senators who voted to give your rights to the u.n. baldwin ( d-wi ) baucus ( d-mt ) bennett ( d-co ) blumenthal ( d-ct ) boxer ( d-ca ) brown ( d-oh ) cantwell ( d-wa ) cardin ( d-md ) carper ( d-de ) casey ( d-pa ) coons ( d-de ) cowan ( d-ma ) durbin ( d-il ) j &lt; - &lt; - &lt; ------this guy has got to go ! ! !
patty , you are not the representative washington state needs .
there &apos;s also a generational dimension , which tends toward the secular , and thus we can predict younger supporters will fall away as more of the dogma and xenophobia of older tea party types manifest themselves .
orange &apos;s appointees .
you would help us more by openly denouncing the appointment of steve bannon .
us senator jeanne shaheen , you are a credit to new hampshire &amp; the us senate .
not in your district , but happy holidays to you !
i never would have thought franken was a corporate tool but , i guess i was wrong .
engage on the san francisco waterfront .
mrs. warren let &apos;s be honest here , shall we .
tomorrow vote for ed markey
she &apos;s level-headed she &apos;s strong she &apos;s competent knowledgeable experienced among others she is the only one out of all that will be able to do the job and do it the best .
louise thanks for all you are doing !
mrs. pelosi you are so detached from reality it &apos;s called living with in your means .
even if one assumes that a corporation has as much right as a union to advertise campaigning for the sake of political elections , everyone who funds a campaign ad must be held to the same standards of accountability as politicians themselves who are campaigning for election , and political action committees .
thank you pete .
thanks for your good words peter
elizabeth warren has the distinction of being a bigger phony than clinton or obama , and that takes real talent .
wish there were a &quot; love &quot; button , thank you patty murray !
i agree with you rick 100 % .
richie have you ever questioned ( of course not ! )
well , patty you must be really proud that you and your democrats buddies won &apos;t pass a budget and show us how to deal with the debt you have helped add $ 5 trillion to in the past three years .
why do the gop trolls have such a burning need to post on dem sites ?
hang tough tulsi gabbard don &apos;t let them half fix the problem .
the republicans are only asking for equality is that so hard or are you all just too narcissistic to see past yourselves and what would benefit the american people ? !
thanks senator for defend women &apos;s rights .
mr. schumer we have serious issues that need to be addressed we all need to come together and eradicate this violence going on everywhere people are losing children , loved ones , i would love to show you how a sick society has gone mad why now more than ever ?
tell him &quot; hello &quot; from those of us in greater minnesota .
kirsten , i &apos;m sorry that a smart senator like you will go down in history on the wrong side of this debate .
please tell us there was a good reason for voting against letting people getting cheaper drugs from canada !
very dissapointed you voted against bernie sanders amendment to lower drug prices and allow americans to buy drugs from canada .
it &apos;s not like there is much of anything out there in eastern oregon anyway .
bernie has the independents that won &apos;t vote hillary .
as on all the other senator &apos;s facebook pages , so many people that just want clear gmo labeling on their food just like any other ingredient .
warren &apos;s losing me by not supporting bernie .
elizabeth warren is afraid that the establishment that supports her will soon come to an end .
ibrahim is a respected community member , and a successful business owner here in sw michigan .
during an interview aired on tuesday &apos;s edition of cnn &apos;s &quot; the lead , &quot; senate minority leader senator chuck schumer ( d-ny ) stated of president-elect donald trump , &quot; &quot; the only way we &apos;re going to work with him is if he moves completely in our direction and abandons his republican colleagues . &quot;
mr. schumer clean up the corruption and crap in albany first !
you would have my vote if i still lived in mn .
amy its time our government and the nra work out a plan that just might work to keep those that shouldn &apos;t have weapons of any surt before any more one to those goes and does another hannis crime
thank you for your hard work on this important concern .
happy day to you , patty ! !
we needed your support for bernie , but you made a political calculation instead and went with the candidate who represents money in politics and the corrupt part of the democratic party .
i live in wisconsin and you certainly don &apos;t represent me !
the tpp would create a system of shadowy trade tribunals which would nullify laws in any country .
you are right , congresswoman waters , as you so often are .
mr. kaine – senator tim kaine subject : virginia capital trail dear senator kaine i know this is not part of your responsibility now , but as governor you had some input into this project .
please do not bomb syria .
elizabeth you are truly the best ! !
please we need you elizabeth !
proud you are representing vt !
the american people elected president trump with a mandate to lead , and now it &apos;s time for democrats in the senate to do their job and approve president trump &apos;s nominees -- not play partisan political games !
please senator murray stop all of paul ryan &apos;s proposals to privatize medicare and social security which i &apos;m on due to disability and my folks are it too as well cause they &apos;re retired .
the cabinet is not the president &apos;s personal board of directors .
fuck youse all but the difference is i use my words but won &apos;t burn , loot , commit violence , etc your base sucks .
very disappointed , cory .
schumer , your nothing but a total smuck loser !
thank you as always , we appreciate your hard work in every aspect .
good work ag harris !
maybe hillary need an attack dog to use empty words like these but it should not be you because it will end up affecting the respect of your fans and support for your financial activism .
washington wants you for dnc chair .
we are proud to have you representing us
we need better gun laws , but we also need good americans out carrying guns .
booker and big pharma - one in the same .
take hospitals and nursing home to coart , amy .
a great day for women and a great day for the supreme court !
congresswoman suzan delbene , the people have made their voice clear .
nicely said elizabeth !
and the medications used have unpleasant side effects .
senator gillibrand : i &apos;m a ny voter and # imarch because ellis island &apos;s legacy matters .
student loans are a much bigger risk than the loans that banks receive at those low rates , so the rate needs to be higher .
patty always works toward the best possible outcome .
mr blumenauer i &apos;m also extremely concerned about the house republicans who want to cut the independent ethics office !
i miss your sermons and local community service .
they dont want none of senator warren they are afraid of you mam
patty , do you represent the whole state ?
i support your decision to boycott this sham
or belong to an organization like the dnc for that matter ?
sorry , senator kaine , but we cannot just give up .... we &apos;re mad as hell and we &apos;re going to fight , protest , and organize against donald trump .
debbie go get others to help us .
pull your head out of the head muslims ass and open your eyes .
you &apos;d better change your allegiance from the drug companies and make it on the betterment of the american public if you expect to be re-elected or have any chance at 2020. you are a yuge let down to me with this vote .
thinking patty should have had put in a dental plan in the health care bill .
they may hate her , but , hey , she &apos;s white .
elizabeth , why don &apos;t you get him to run with you on your presidential ticket ?
apologies to bernie and his supporters , or we move on without you .
as a vet , who counts on their va benefits to live i am glad to know you are working hard on this .
be honest patty and come clean .
thank you for fighting the good fight and standing up for common sense gun control measures .
thanks for sharing the good news .
as she approached i rose up to greet her and remarked what a treat it was to get to meet her and her father who was a very respected journalist .
while i agree with and commend you for everything that you &apos;ve said here , i implore you to have the courage of your convictions and endorse bernie sanders for the democratic nomination !
food banks are swamped .
great work congresswoman .
the tone of this statement doesn &apos;t align with your vote against the sanders bill .
hard working folks have to give up there homes for a wyden research party forgoing unto a communist goverment
senator , i urge you to lead the fight against any attempt to cut ss and medicare benefits !
so many stand with you congressman alcee l. hastings
amy while i appreciate your generosity ( ?
unhappy with bannon .
thank you representative barbara lee !
as your constituent , i urge you to kill sopa / pipa as written .
yes , thank you and please get others to block so many of the other nominees who so , so completely unqualified !
don &apos; &apos; t let the dnc hold you hostage .
thank you , senator gillibrand , for continuing to be a voice of reason in washington .
thanks for your hard work , amy , and that of your colleagues !
we are so proud of you and soooo glad that you are our senator !
only 3 years and change until your president amy : - )
kyrsten sinema what do we do now ?
thank you for those words , spoken with a heart grounded in wisdom , senator .
if more politicians would represent the working class by enforcing consumer fraud , the middle class would be a lot better off . !
elizabeth warren and donald trump both want clinton to be the democratic nominee , because ongoing polling shows that he has much better odds of being elected usa president if he runs against clinton , instead of sanders .
mr. trump is the elected president and although one may disagree with him , the inauguration is part of the democratic process of transferring the presidency .
thank you , senator murray , for all that you do !
back at ya al and family !
happy thanksgiving to you and yours kirsten .
you voted against u.s. senator bernie sanders proposal on rx drugs .
go after pp and hilary too
keep living in the dream world amy .
i &apos;m happy i don &apos;t have to call you , senator kamala harris !
senator kaine
did democrats reach across the aisle when they were in control ? ?
can i count on the senator to block her confirmation ?
i will be voting green party for any house or senate members this november for any superdelagte that supports hillary clinton .
respect elizabeth warren !
so al , after this will you please get rid of toll roads as well ?
as a retired physician and a constituent , i was perplexed by your vote on pharma also .
this is exactly how arendt defines racism as antisemitism in &quot; on the origins of totalitarianism , &quot; how sartre defines racism in &quot; antisemite and jew , &quot; and exactly how foucault defines biopolitics and biopower in &quot; society must be defended . &quot;
nothing very complicated and for those near me locally this particular link helps veterans right here in texas / oklahoma in texoma .
senator klobuchar , do you support options to opioids ?
their social workers ( talk about # cheating ) .... # alyssalynnstankowski ^ ^ ^ ^ # westfieldstatealumni ( # iearnedthesystemicdegreethough ) &#91; # shegotthecredit &#93; # lol # politics # cleveland ..... # midpark &gt; # westfield lolololololololololol # growops : - ) # browneandgreen # gobernie # kasich2016
it will be interesting to see how the inevitable tea trolls will spin this .
i did vote but am extremely disappointed with the results in mn .
you and al are just the best !
jason , please don &apos;t show your ignorance .
5. campaign finance reform .
bernie can not be bought !
more projection from richie 27 .
im going green or going trump can not will not vite for a mentally ill crook
all my working days i had to battle to get my due in wages and promotions .
please stop this man from alienating the world and in-sighting violence .
senator schumer we are begging you to fight against this policy and to do anything in your power to stop him in his tracks .
sen. stabenow has done a tremendous job for the citizens of michigan .
thank you for being a brave and rational mind in the midst of lunacy and madness ! !
and if you have the time , could you please read this story of a woman veteran and dear friend of mine ?
iran is not the threat that neocons like chuck schumer portray them to be .
tey dere fella , so trump , that mean big bully said something soooooo shocking that you peed in your panties ?
good for you senator !
beth humphrey , what law was broken when police shot pepper spray into the backyard of people who were expressing their rightful views from their own backyard ?
thanks for that pretty memory elizabeth !
hillary cannot beat trump .
ummm , total fucking horseshit in this article .
bernie sanders is doing everything to stop repeal .
don &apos;t let this nomination process be the result of a back room deal .... stand with the state of washington and support bernie sanders .
help us in lakeview ny in hamburg .
not surprised this guy voted against gmo labeling .
please keep up the fight jan schakowsky , you have been so inspiring in your steadfastness to not accept this as the new normal .
cloth diaper banks can outfit a family for three years at a fraction of the cost of disposables .
start by endorsing sanders then agree to be his running mate !
many of those seats are in states hillary lost .
i think that your post here ms. warren is equally hateful and results in fear mongering .
i believe she has the character &amp; will to rally women for equal pay like they deserve !
she bought and flipped florclosed homes too !
if we want to move forward in this country united we need bernie sanders to be our president .
please mrs kristen gillibrand for god sake can you get some of your other fellows senators to back up too please we needed it to stop all some all this republican nomine from this actual president we got it
pull your head out of your backside ron .
i am proud that you and senator menendez are representing new jersey in the senate , and taking a hard line against racism and other forms of hatred espoused by trump &apos;s &quot; chosen &quot; ones .
senator stabenow please do what you can to get the governor out of office .
please keep gmo labeling simple and easy to read !
according to the us census bureau , the 2013 population of nj is 8,900,000. so if i am clear , you are proud of the fact that you disrupted a working health care system so that .2 % ( read that as point 2 percent ) could get health coverage .
thanks , amy , for all your hard work in the senate ! !
elizabeth will regret not backing stein .
you can &apos;t help democrats in silence .
but they have a hard time saying anything about bernie .
i am so proud that you represent me as an oregonian and , by doing so in your ethical and comprehensive manner , all americans .
hi tulsi , i have a question - how did you vote on hr 933 ?
i &apos;m confident you &apos;ll master the learning curve quickly and serve hawaii well .
lgbtq homeless youth are twice as likely to commit suicide compared to heterosexual homeless youth .
the electoral college is needed to make this and every presidential election a fair one .
we need your spirit now more than ever .
thank you for all your hard work this year .
3 ) what did you do personally to guarantee oregon was ready to sign up for cover oregon / obamacare ?
you are a sell out to big pharma .
if you &apos;re a noncitizen and want to apply for ssi benefits , contact us to see if you &apos;re eligible .
could trump do any worse ?
lisa venable minnetonka , mn
ms. wilson , i am writing a paper in pols about you and you are my hero .
what is an assault weapon .
absolutely disgusted that you did not vote for senator sanders drug bill.why ? big pharma paying you ?
lol .. i believe betty may be twelve floors short of a thirteen story building .
and after the first ten minutes when you realize he is still a dick , please promise to run for president in 2020
senator wyden , please do everything you can to oppose and obstruct the appointment of steve bannon--we need men of good will that we have elected to stand up and fight against this hate mongering .
danny ; - ) _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ danny brassell , ph.d. -www.dannybrassell.com &quot; america &apos;s leading reading ambassador &quot; get free cool , short book recommendations at : www.lazyreaders.com &quot; like &quot; my facebook page : http : / / www.facebook.com / dannybrassell connect on linkedin : http : / / www.linkedin.com / in / dannybrassell
you need to balance the benefits of being a pharma darling or losing the support of many progressive voters .
it &apos;s critical you take a stand , make a commitment for the sake of democracy .
they didn &apos;t build that , isn &apos;t that right elizabeth warren ?
i saw two great ads slamming rossi last night .
resist this anti american hatred .
how can they pay student loans back if they can barely survive off the meger salary they make same goes for soical workers too !
i know not one single person male or female who has ever been stalked .
as always .... you are the best !
senator ron wyden , what will you be doing to stop the extremely dangerous reins act ?
give them hell tammy .
then maybe you should have endorsed bernie early in the race .
washington state is lucky to have you .
-impossible http : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = 1itoxqvq-lg &amp; feature = related barbara honegger &apos;s lecture about the pentagon http : / / youtu.be / 4fvj8nfa5qk too many coincidences on 9 / 11 regarding war games parts 1 to 3 http : / / uk.groups.yahoo.com / group / 911truthinvestigation / message / 98 http : / / uk.groups.yahoo.com / group / 911truthinvestigation / message / 100 http : / / uk.groups.yahoo.com / group / 911truthinvestigation / message / 99
so elizabeth what happened to your proposed one time check in the amount of $ 580.00 paid to seniors .
both of her parents , democratic party members , were standing there so i asked her , &quot; if you were president what would be the first thing you would do ? &quot;
women are equal citizens .
no other person ( i refuse to call him my gov ) has divided the state or bent over backwards for money from the likes of the koch brothers ... yes i remember well the protests which fell on very deaf rich ears .
back bernie and run with him as his vp .
you only care about lining your own pockets and fortifying that political cesspool you call chicago .
finally beto l was wondering where you were ? ?
the dnc is full of a bunch of corporate ass sucking bums who were more worried about hanging onto their fucking job than winning an election .
now , if we can get lgbtq protections in the workplace , that &apos;d be pretty cool , too .
thank you congresswoman maloney .
please let us also stand up for assault rifle legislation , and more !
well said , senator schatz .
do not trust cory booker .
now get your ass down to jfk and help protest .
thank you for being my representative and for voting no on jeff sessions .
good for you al
bernie is the only option , although he &apos;s been the best option the whole time .
i &apos;d think that if the drugs were unsafe in canada there would be a record of that .
i &apos;m a taxpayer from alexandria &amp; i &apos;m extremely angry / disappointed that , in the dead of night , you decided to vote nay on an amendment that would &apos;ve lowered prescription drug prices , for me &amp; millions of americans !
mr trump &apos;s grandfather even resorted to pleading with the prince of bavaria not to deport him , in an emotionally-charged letter .
amy has the highest approval ratings of any minnesota politician !
he will be seen as a self-serving massachusetts liberal .
hmm , betcha hillary asks her to be her vice president .
typical liberal wing nut .
jay from thailand ยินดีด้วยนะคะพี่ tammy
i was lucky enough to meet leo ryan because of my days working for albert polonsky in daly city and you i know because of my life in half moon bay .
comprehensive gun laws , too , are important .
how many poor black votes would cheaper prescription drugs benefit , mr. progressive ?
lazy ass is deplorable language .
the african-american community collectively is not suffering totally from racism , poverty , and crime ; it is the self-inflicted ignorance of allowing the so-called leaders being in a position of leadership .
thank you so much for recognizing the needs of so many minnesotans and taking action on their behalf .
colleen - i wouldn &apos;t expect you to see it .
i would love to see a debate between trump and bernie !
amy was a state official , and that was a federal crime .
your statement is without substance and irrational , elizabeth .
go , get &apos; em , kirsten !
yes , thank you jackie .
happy new year and thank you for all you do !
as explained above , both attended the sept . 11 protest in front of the us embassy .
in addition , i will not be able to get two of my lung medications as there is no generic .
i &apos;d take jill stein over either .
she graduated to suits ... i did not always agree with her , but i always respected her .
we will vote you out ... take heed congressman rick larsen
protesting democracy ? ? ?
pledge your vote for bernie sanders !
thank you for articulating your reasons -- it &apos;s important people understand where you &apos;re coming from on this
thanks for everything you do mr. yarmuth !
&amp; funny how all these trolls have zero higher education .. chris up there sells honda &apos;s .. i swear i would kill myself if that was my life !
great job senator kaine you were amazing .very impressed
yesterday something peaceful and wonderful happened because of a whole lot of good people .
i am proud of senator kaine for standing up for immigration reform .
thank you , senator brown for being the only light in the darkness of oh politics !
i am so very proud of you , senator warren !
and happy thanksgiving to you too mr. yarmuth 😊 🍴 🍗 , also thank you for representing and serving the citizens of louisville for the 3rd district ! .
you are perfect elizabeth warren
quite frankly i wish you were the democratic nominee than hillary clinton .
new york has to redeem itself with a decent new yorker .
popular vote totals are what the voters subscribe towards when choosing their leader ( s ) .
from another post &quot; we are in contact with julie waldroup and they have not yet started so congressman alcee l. hastings has not posted the live stream video yet &quot;
you go beto !
trump and the extreme right are making tinfoil caps that people are buying in abundance .
go tim kaine !
when democrats don &apos;t have facts , they just make them up as they go .
i am a former navy officer who now works daily as a mental health professional with military personnel .
i am so tired of hearing the same rhetoric from politicians , we are in a state of crisis and emergency , please do something more than offering condolences and your state of being .
i can only imagine what would &apos;ve happened several years ago if a republican representative would &apos;ve done the same for barrack obama &apos;s inauguration .
takes thousands of dollars from big pharma but votes against acquiring less expensive drugs from canada .
stand up for big pharma apparently ...
cory booker : # cory2020 ?
you &apos;re fighting for us , not for donors , rick .
you know damned well that trumps order is not racial or bigoted but you &apos;ll pander and posture like the political whore you are .
minimum wage should be increased .
sen. klobuchar question : did you really vote yes on all trumps cabinet picks as media is reporting ?
they will him if he gets that far at the convention in july or we &apos;re screwed .... for sure agreed mrs warren he is very scary .... those debates have caused nothing but fighting .... he loves that .....
love and light to you and those in your office ❤ ️
i am very proud of my oregon elected leaders for standing up .
i &apos;ll vote trump before hillary though , believe that
although on a smaller scale ... the legislative dems departed the sate of wisconsin for two weeks to block a tilted vote .
thank you , senator donnelly , for being on the right side of history .
thank you senator stabenow for taking a stand !
mental health law revision so that psychotic adults can be treated earlier during their mental deterioration , instead of waiting until they hurt themselves or hurt someone else .
dt is dangerous he has to go
go don ------ joe from delaware
we are fortunate to have a senator who is always ready to fight by our side .
wonderful woman ; wonderful family !
the electoral college needs to be briefed about what &apos;s happened in this election .
thank you claire mccaskill for caring about your constituents ! !
and even republicans such as myself love tulsi .
she is wonderful .
i know you champion veterans issues .
i &apos;m with you senator cory booker !
i &apos;m grateful every day that i voted for you !
how about all those votes hillary claimed she got .
another witch hunt by the cry babies remember in two years 26 senate democratic seats are up for reflection .
thanks to you and senator reed for your resistance .
thank you , ms. tammy .
mrs. warren , mr. sanders would do very well to have a formal endorsement from you before the iowa primary .
i &apos;m so glad you recognize that it is not only epipen users who are victimized by the pharmaceutical industry .
piracy is a real issue - but this bill damages the internet without making a real dent in piracy .
amy k. has been a lap dog for obama .
well you were one of the guest speakers and i did &apos;nt attend but i listen to your speech on kmel &apos;s street soliders and your speech left an everlasting impression on me .
suck it up , trump won .
ms. warren , thank you .
happy anniversary , but please stand up and keep free speech alive in the democratic party ! http : / / voteforbernie.org /
please vote no patty .
thank you , governor hassan , for the most sensible remark .
oh , elizabeth you are a joke .
you are a better woman than i , sen. warren - i will try to get to a place where i can emulate you
senator franken was giving a respectful condolence and you have to be an ass .
darcel clark formally honored ms. claudette colvin by officially launching annual celebrations of march 2nd as national claudette colvin day .
we need lawyers on the side of the people to combat the greed of bankers , oil companies , war profiteers big pharma , and other billionaires greed to extract our country &apos;s wealth for themselves .
happy thanksgiving , senator-elect tammy , and family ! !
@ ken , sen brown has to find a way to work with the useful idiots because they currently have control of the house .
this was not a good time , cory .
burlington is proud to support you rick , stay in touch .
god bless tim kaine .
yes , we will miss you jon .
private unions are still federally protected , it &apos;s public service that this michigan rtw ... except for police and fire that have minimum staffing in their contracts .
while you &apos;re on break , figure out a way to give us more debates , debbie .
trump has no control over people who either love or hate him .
one of my favorite quotes from one of my favorite writers and thinkers .
voted straight blue !
ron wyden , america &apos;s best senator .
https : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = gidbuk7 _ g3m if you don &apos;t appreciate destruction of america , this video exposes the very agenda that ron wyden is endorsing .
and trump was against the electoral college .
you should have been recognized at the snl show last night al .
marriage has both legal and religious meanings / connotations .
a blessed ramadan to you and folks world wide .
throughout it all , the hillary supporters ignored the controversy .
she is bought and owned by the democratic party and does exactly what they tell her to do .
with people al ready paying high education debts well into their 40 &apos;s , this is a disgrace !
tammy duckworth i would defintely vote for you if i lived in your state .
elizabeth warren , if u.s. senator bernie sanders loses this time around , you better put your name on the ballot next time .
elizabeth warren is one smart lady !
did i say bernie sanders
petros emma , if you &apos;re going to claim strict-constructionism , i trust you &apos;re okay with african americans being counted as 3 / 5ths of a person , women not voting , and the entire bill of rights also being eliminated ?
we reached a tipping point years ago and it &apos;s time for jon stewart , elizabeth warren , and all other serious citizen to come together and form a serious third party run in 2016. i feel like both parties have have let us down .
thank you from ohio for joining rep. john lews and boycotting the inauguration .
mr. franken , we have a &quot; gangrene &quot; in our government that has been killing us for decades .
we want gun control---a ban on automatic weapons for starters .
great pick , a dnc chair from the democratic wing of the democratic party !
thank you , senator chuck schumer .
tell him elizabeth warren you rock !
so proud to have you representing california 👍 🏻
i hope that you do understand that we can &apos;t vote for her regardless of this endorsement by bernie .
so from a from up here in canada i &apos;m rooting for trump and legitimately hope he wins the presidency !
anyway , kaine for virginia !
dear earl blumenauer .
if you have nothing supportive to say about bernie , better to say nothing at all .
and michael - just in case you thought i forgot .
this is good and all but , democracy ?
america doesn &apos;t believe you , cory .
as horrible as isis and its attacks are , and as much as we need to prevent them , realistically we americans have more to fear from gun violence than terrorism .
russia hacks dnc and rnc .
i read this after teaching my class &quot; just mercy &quot; by stevenson .
warren 2020 , you are our only hope
i love how after the boston bombing you all passed a laws making congress above the law to insider trade , but 98 % of americans never heard this , any comments senator schmuck ?
congratulations , and thanks .
but the way bernie was handled , just leaves me disillusioned with the system .
to beat trump the dems gotta change , everyone has to change .
please recognize that thousands of workers will become jobless overnight if the productions of these firearms and magazines is stopped .
the pay inequity shows up when women are over 65 and don &apos;t have the same retirement income their male counterparts have and it is at this time that they face a greater risk for poverty while they age .
that wasn &apos;t wrongful persecution , there gov &apos;nor , that was genocide ! ..... southern democrats in the 30s &amp; 40s ?
i don &apos;t consider hillary to have possesion of basic decency .
depending on the largese of corporations and the very rich has not worked for the rest of us .
i love hayward police .
i loved that chuck schumer &quot; sent mitch mcconnell back the same letter he was sent in 2009 . &quot;
dear senator harris , thank you so much for your courage in announcing our opposition to jeff sessions for attorney general .
allow it i &apos;d rather take my chances canada isn &apos;t a 3rd world country people need affordable meds i have insurance i can &apos;t use because the system as it is presently
big disappointment senator booker .
have you looked around at the violence , hate , anger that is going on , do you care ?
i just love how this idiot points the finger at republicans as though democrats aren &apos;t just as corrupt .
here &apos;s to another 4 years of hard working intelligent , thoughtful leadership ! ! !
come on down to my little brooten minnesota lutefisk all-you-can-eat valentines dinner we have more norwegians in our area and probably many communities do
i am a resident of california , an rn , single mom and cancer survivor
sexism , racism , and xenophobia , all are on her agenda .
it makes me proud to know that kamala is working for the us and the world .
jared : yeah , turn those weapons factories into solar factories .
chuck you always support worthy causes as you are doing now , am i glad that i was always in your election camp all these years .
gracias elizabeth gracias tammy por ayudar a los más necesitados siempre
s blocking trump &apos;s cabinet and let him do his job .
it seems this year the democratic party is not being so democratic , evidenced by its influence on the corporate media clearly supporting one candidate and blacking out the other and ignoring polls among other things .
robert byrd use to be a racist , and has since recanted those views and apologized .
the party big wigs in new york state came up with a gimmick to rig the primary by denying independents the opportunity to vote for sanders thereby guaranteeing the victory for clinton .
i &lt; 3 u liz
thanks , sen. g , you rock !
all female dem ticket for the white house in 2016 ?
thank you sen. merkley for opposing sopa and pipa !
i live in mossyrock , wa , a very small town where we don &apos;t think about gun violence .
not one has been violence , obstructed traffic , been public nuisances and been arrested .
it seems to me that crazy religious nuts shooting innocent people is a more pressing issue you might be working on .
thanks , debbie and elizabeth .
put that in your bag a nd smoke-it , left wing shangri-la
you &apos;re only safe if you are straight white male .
canadians are.doing just fine with their meds , they are perfectly safe and affordable ! !
thank you again , congressman o &apos;rourke for being the voice of reason !
cannot believe i shed tears of joy - this is what justice feels like !
thank you sherrod brown for representing me with your vote on wednesday .
trump is an outcome of years and years of abusive , pathological rhetoric out of the right exploiting every kind of hatred and fear .
patty please kill the ryan budget .
how does keith ellison come up with this stuff .
please help us get rid of the electoral college system !
not saying i want to vote for trump but i can &apos;t vote for hilary and bernie doesn &apos;t stand a chance unless his platform is everyone gets a prius and some sandals for free ( aka the middle class will work an extra hour a week for no additional pay . ) .
you have my full support in any efforts that empower our community to engage further with these institutions .
the fact that any public official would not vehemently condemn the aberrant behavior by black lives matter , the paid protesters of move on dot org who back clinton and sanders , the news media for their one sided reporting and even the gop , regarding donald trump , is compairable to mccarthyism .
so proud to have a smart , principled representative from my state working to make the entire usa a better place .
one day i may be able to buy the prescription i truly need to keep breathing easily and use it as prescribed .
sorry but your &quot; explanation &quot; sure sounds like big pharma crafted it for you ! ! !
i continue to appreciate you , amy .
we should disarm cops .
i am so frightened about what is happening right now .
thank you for your voice and spirit .
not something the oregon of old would have ever considered : / .
i don &apos;t give a flying rip about what the bible says or does not say about homosexuals - you libs need to stop beating people over the head with the bible .
glad you &apos;re proud that you voted to allow more babies to be killed ... hurray for you
elizabeth , please use facts instead of the bs rhetoric that you are spewing .. https : / / youtu.be / lxakuo5naoy
we progressive have very long term memories and are closely watching who does not stand with our champion bernie when it mattered most .
senator murray don &apos;t need your help neither do i want it please resign your office and do us all a gavor
dnc jacked this election by having clinton with all her political baggage and not understanding what bernie tried to communicate about being a grass root movement .
trump is wonderful
i see a scary correlation between gun free zones and places where killing sprees take place .
canadians use the same pharma we do ! ! ! ! ! ! !
hillary clinton is going to white house predicted by bangladeshi famous astrologer dr.k.c.pal ( gold medalist ) according to information received from the date of birth hillary clinton is an aquarius according to oriental &amp; she is a scorpion according to the west .
extremely disappointed that you &apos;ve failed to endorse the one person who you seemingly have the most in common with and who is the best candidate to defeat trump - bernie sanders .
fail mr. booker .
is this democracy ?
thank you congressman yarmuth for standing up .
thank you amy , from a service member ; )
find a good moderate democrat and maybe you &apos;ll have a chance .
trump is immoral , unethical and doesn &apos;t make any sense .
wisconsin went for trump by 27k votes .
chuck , you are a publicity seeking fraud .
big pharmaceutical is a big donor .
love what you &apos;re doing with student loan legislation .
you &apos;re the intelligent one calling names and believing in false science .
you do not deserve your job representing oregon , you are a phoney and a traitor to oregon .
obama sounded as strong , for once , as elizabeth warren does all the time !
if bernie , does get the nominations , watch out , he will be the next target of the villifiers .
thanks for voting with the gop to pass the tpp .
do you have some right wing fantasy about george soros ?
around the country , protesters have interrupted virtually every trump rally , but his planned appearance here — in a city run for decades by democrats and populated by nearly equal thirds of blacks , latinos and whites — had drawn some particularly incensed responses since it was announced days ago .
i truly believe that hillary would have won the election if you were her running mate !
the dem senators are going to wait for the gop to review ag nomination and surgeon general nomination ? ?
from your mouth to god &apos;s ears senator warren !
rep. lewis had itght ... be heard .. speak up do not stand down
it &apos;s ironic that al is offering another argument from ignorance , since i have replied with a &quot; thanks &quot; when someone ( bill w ) replied with a cite supporting a claim .
patty , you are doing such a great job .
and the cowardly kid ( don &apos;t you know his name , richie liar ?
by the way when do you plan on stopping the clear cutting of forest in northern michigan for your general fund ? ? ? ? ? ?
did you tell minnesotans how this horrible law will bankrupt your constiuents with your approval ?
thanks for not helping elect bernie al , this is all on you ..
if you don &apos;t want trump , get bernie in there .
( bernie sanders ) how about the democratic party stop coming to a fight with a pen knife while the republicans come armed with an uzi .
btw , i &apos;m a straight married catholic woman with 2 kids who is happy that california finally got its act together on something !
we have got to stop this blatant assault on women !
michael meggison : you &apos;re full of s * * t. chuck schumer has been an excellent senator and has served nyers well .
the only sure candidate to beat this fascist trump is senator bernie sanders , he polls as beating tump in the double digits , corrupt clinton on the other hand barely has 3 % on him .
she &apos;s off the reservation
you are a hero to many , and an inspiration to young ladies everywhere !
as senator i would invite you to continue working along side my senators , merkley and wyden and oppose everything brought forward by the republican party and don vito trumploene ( donald trump ) that will harm the progress this country has made in serving the poor and unfortunate in this nation .
i voted bernie in the primary ( from beautiful bemidji ) .
thank you for fighting for us with your testimony !
a win towards women &apos;s rights to determine what &apos;s best for them !
republicans would like to see all seniors and welfare people just shrivel up and die ... vote blue !
thank you amy , for being there to fight trumpitis .
iaff member for 8 years .
i appreciate all you have done so far , but why are you not publicly opposing senator sessions for ag ?
i am a nj voter and registered democrat , and in the future i &apos;ll choose anyone other than you if i see your name on a ballot .
he let the flint mess happen because he claims he didn &apos;t know , that &apos;s bs .
you are just a typical politician , you don &apos;t give a crap about new jersey or it &apos;s residents .
fake tears .
markey is just more of the same .
we don &apos;t tolerate voter suppression here in montana !
you can &apos;t count on maria cantwell or patty murray to believe in ether !
patty , they &apos;re greedy this is explained why .
im glad all the democrats in the kkk support him they are mostly democrats
i am so glad you are there to fight for this rick .
trump is unconscionable
i &apos;m not a fan of hrc , but at least she isn &apos;t a loon bag .
your vote against the bill that would allow for imported medication from canada was a mistake .
thank you for the like my comment congressman emanuel cleaver ii .
americans seem to pride themselves as being some great example of democracy - so much so they think they need to teach the rest of the world how it &apos;s done .
from ossipee and proud of our congress woman carol shea-porter .
none of this crap is true most spun by democrat party to get blacks and women to vote dem but it &apos;s not working the american people are fed up with politicians that are bought
blaming the nra for deaths caused by guns is like blaming aaa for deaths caused by cars .
larsen your time in office is coming to an end .
were i sen warren , i don &apos;t know if i could put aside the petty things he said about me and make this offer .
if the police are instructed to do their job , there will not be any violence or riots since these , by definition , criminals will not be there !
two very good reasons why i am proud to vote for the democratic party !
i hope senator cory gardner listens to your sage reasoning and conclusion .
bernie sanders is an idiot who has ruined vermont , and this is cuomo &apos;s mentor ?
@ andy-let &apos;s have dino admit that it was republican policies for the last 40 years that got us into this financial mess and admit how trickle down economics have severely hurt the middle class .
thanks , also , for articulating in this challenging time a vision of a strong but kind america that resists authoritarian policy and continues to nourish democracy .
we need more strong democratic leaders like this !
&quot; remember this date november 6 , 2018. that &apos;s the date on which 33 senate seats , all 435 seats in the house of representatives , and 14 governorship &apos;s will be up for re-election .
i was really sick yesterday p , but i fell better today , i want to do what ever i have to do to make this democracy work for the people !
thank you senator murray for finishing the job .
i &apos;m tired of reading about mass shootings every week .
apparently he didn &apos;t learn enough in mass from sen. elizabeth warren ... he can now exit politic and leave it the the pros .
you are so wrong , debbie .
i certainly hope it doesn &apos;t , frank !
warren still lies about everything and now she appears to be one step away from encouraging hysterical violence
happy birthday , senator mikulski !
hope you &apos;re proud of yourself and your super predator or super delegate status .
and trump is a fascist pig
please endorse sanders - the mass primary slipped from him , i am respectfully asking you whose side are you on elizabeth , please let the people know .
# goberniego # feelthebern # bernie16orbust
a women has to make a decision that she is comfortable with .
i &apos;m currently getting my masters in social work and am worried that i &apos;ll never be able to pay off these loans as it is .
the dnc backs the lesser , but establishment clinton , then gets people to settle for less by hailing that this as a fight against evil , all the while shoving that pesky progressive change under the rug .
try this .... if you want to stop gun violence , just take guns away from people that vote democrat being they commit 90 % of the gun crime anyway .
cleaver - you can help make that happen for all americans and help us avoid the largest tax hike ever ( and dont reply with that its not that big when you compare it to gdp ... this is tax dollars out of people &apos;s pockets )
as i said , hillary , obama and now warren have shown class .
trump picked off 15 people one by one from the race .
the reason for the trump phenom is the silent majority has been silent too long .
guns need to be limited and controled , i have had a family member killed by a gun .
al , why can &apos;t we get rid of the electoral college ?
we need to make the democratic party about the people again .
admittedly i haven &apos;t looked very hard but given all the dnc claims in the subject , i would think it easy to find .
poverty ... all i say is while we &apos;re busy pointing fingers at other groups let &apos;s not forget our own cultural background and history in this country .
last i heard canadians aren &apos;t dropping dead from bad quality drugs , neither are mexicans from their med &apos;s .
i am now a wonderful mother only because i had the freedom to choose so long ago .
as a teacher , i greatly appreciate your advocating for my colleagues and my students .
we have the right to live in peace .
i would hope a senator would vote for the good of the people , all people , not the dnc .
i am thankful for the nra , cal guns and many of the state and national firearms groups who work tirelessly to stand up to crooked hypocritical politicians such as yourself .
i also didn &apos;t see you weep when so many people were killed and maimed by the boston bombers , did you ?
thank you , senator booker , for standing up for what is right and being the voice of reason .
forget the haters , i &apos;m glad of your pro gun stance .
while mr. bannon himself may in fact support israel , he has nonetheless provided a platform for a racist and anti-semitic movement that sees our people , and other minorities , as less than full citizens and would seek to deprive us of our civil rights .
great job and a great senator !
that &apos;s why allowing college age women to carry firearms on campus is the right idea .
we love you and have so much respect for you before and especially after your brave step down from the dnc .
i don &apos;t know if god loves you as much as i do elizabeth , but thank you very much for saying so .
thank you plaistow nh
john oliver did an amazing job when jon stewart was off making a film .
do you think canada has a reason to poison us citizens ?
hey liz , how do you sleep at night when illegals are allowed to rape your voters ?
it &apos;s not like hilary is any better though
they can only win elections by exploiting fear &amp; division , gerrymandering districts and enacting voter suppression laws .
i agree with rick you wouldn &apos;t need research for this terrible disease if you would help protect our food !
jim dicken- this shit ain &apos;t secret .
i will be marching with my daughter in chicago .
that explains why so many decided to sit out this inauguration , while your candidate faced the music with fortitude and grace .
we here in madison applaud you .
from heather richardson , professor of history at boston college : &quot; what bannon is doing , most dramatically with last night &apos;s ban on immigration from seven predominantly muslim countries-- is creating what is known as a &quot; shock event . &quot;
then why didn &apos;t you , elisabeth warren , challenge hillary to divulge her speeches to her wall st cronies ? ?
please do all you can to insure our benefits remain intact .
since 1980 , real wages for the average worker has remained static or slightly declined , while income for the top earners has skyrocketed .
i , too , am saddened by the passing of governor gardner , who often took unannounced &quot; walk abouts &quot; in state agencies to become acquainted with state workers .
it &apos;s a felony to own an assault weapon .
please get more debbie , and please keep working on the asian carp .
you &apos;re making oregon proud , please don &apos;t give up .
thank you , senator ron wyden , for continuing to stand up for me and my core beliefs in d.c. keep fighting for us .
i am proud to have you as my congressman .
jesus endorses bernie sanders ...
you guys probably missed the article hidden in a small article on page 6 of the liberal la times where eliazbeth warren expresses her negative feelings toward the dnc for shamelessly effecting the outcome of the democratic primary .
but hillary truly scares me .
i will be here at home in very very cold minnesota watching president obama &apos;s inauguration , in my warm home .
rep. welch- what do you know about state of vermont taking over medicare here ?
give &apos; em heck amy !
maybe selling your reputation to support a candidate that literally represents the very forces you claim to crusade against wasn &apos;t worth it liz .
you &apos;re an ass andrew .. like it has a chance in the senate .. it was a symbolic fuck you and we &apos;re gonna spend more tax dollars .
thank you congresswoman sheila jackson lee for standing up for what this nation was built upon !
congresswoman - any predictions ?
i personally hope you get to be the democratic vice presidential choice !
it only takes one man or woman with the courage of their convictions , using non violence to make the world take notice .
by the way , trump is the result of people staying silent no more .
i am looking forward to casting my vote for sen. cory booker in 2020 .
democratic	test		senators who voted against less expensive medicines : corey booker tops the list making $ 385,000 in big pharma $ $ .... mr booker please explain .....
thank you al franken ... please keep fighting for us all .
mr larsen , your new job will be well paying .... boeing lobbyist
after talking to trump supporters i realized that was the common denominator .
franken ( and those like him ) = liar
💜 warren !
eisenhower pushed through the civil rights act of 1957. one of eisenhower &apos;s primary political opponents on civil rights prior to 1957 was none other than lyndon johnson , then the democratic senate majority leader .
# feelthebern # berniesanders4president # corruptpolitician
thank goodness for congressman john yarmuth .
i am so happy you are my representative !
hateful woman !
keep propping up those avenues of funding the oligarchy and corruption , senator richard blumenthal .
my mom &amp; i are so proud you are our senator !
hobby lobby only wants to limit abortion inducing drugs .
you are also responsible for the cuts to veterans mental health care !
today is the federal holiday celebrating veterans felicia .
&quot; 13 democratic senators voted down an amendment by sen. amy klobuchar and sen. bernie sanders that proposed importing drugs from canada to lower costs — a policy that over 70 % of americans in both parties support .
she spoke from her heart and her hope for america was felt in every word .
what a fricken mess ... richie rich - i highly doubt there &apos;s any lawsuit against haelig .
your electorate is ready to do more than stand by to fight against forces of hatred , bigotry and intolerance .
what an awesome idea congresswoman .
savage , congressman warren .
you are just another &quot; garden variety &quot; clintonite , with strong ties to wall street , who needs to join the progressive wing of your party looking towards bernie sanders and elizabeth warren for leadership .
countless numbers of heald students and professors displaced due to your political agenda .
i hope hillary looks good in orange .
thank you for speaking up , congresswoman barbara lee !
please do everything you can to pass this bill , senator schumer , and please do what you can to figure out what happened to john mccain .
please continue to resist his destructive policies .
hey blumenthal , shall not be infringed you pos .
good support elizabeth .
you better respond , i am a minnesota voter .
trump has had nothing tondo with the hate .
yeah , she &apos;s got thick skin alright .
all hats off to florida &apos;s own congresswoman frederica wilson .
leonard cohen wrote &quot; arty - insider trading laws currently only apply to those employed within the financial industry .
gm foods are all the rage .
you do more than represent ma ... you represent all of us .
time for frank pallone jr.to get voted out of office and the good ol &apos; boys club !
hillary supporters are brain dead
thanks , patty , for all your years of work on so many issues .
sure miss teddy but hope senator warren will become president one day .
hey elizabeth warren i am mexican american i &apos;m going to help donald trump build that wall for free &amp; this is the flag i respect and represent 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 , and i also wanted to say that i will no longer be a slave to the democratic party and false promises , .
flint mi , needs some help with their water issues .
thank you for condemning the bannon appointment .
no refugees to minnesota .
pretty sure trump is for vets .
we have faith in your integrity , and have been wyden supporters as long as there has been a &quot; senator wyden &quot; .
80 % will be spent on &quot; bridgegate &quot; because that &apos;s the only issue , right frank ?
dump chuck
senator booker out there walking the walk--so proud !
elizabeth , you have no analytical skills , and you it &apos;s sad you can &apos;t think through the politics in america but are posting as if you can .
so happy to have you there , ms. speier !
you right wingers are impervious to evidence or argument .
.. if we don &apos;t let hillary steal the election then we have sanders as president .
paid shil ... i never understood a politician that gets elected by people but goes against their will ... you &apos;re a representative of the people of minnesota , last i checked ... good luck working for the billary foundation !
go # trump2016
scott brown : this is such an important birthday ... in fact why don &apos;t you keep the celebration going .
you had my vote , and now you and tulsi ( i live in hilo and voted for her , too . )
ew for 2020 !
please let your constituents know what we can do to become involved to spread peace and justice in this tumultuous times .
happy holiday to you and yours , debbie
brown has been receiving kudos and support from democrat politicians and you still cant even try .
beautiful things are happening on wall st. for once .
you a real champion for the 99 % .
it is okay amy if there are gridlocks in washington .
it &apos;s funny that every other country can see that trump has so many people fooled .
tell you what , this gonna make a great campaign commercial .... i can see it now .... chuck schumer , a strong leader for america , camera cuts to him , whaaaaaaa , boohoo , whaaaaaaa .... lol ... it &apos;s just to good .
14 years of wedded bliss - enjoy and savor the moment !
go home sheila you &apos;re drunk again ........... http : / / www.libertynews.com / 2013 / 05 / u-s-representative-says-healthcare-is-a-right-in-the-declaration-of-independence /
i completely agree with senator warren 💯 💯 💯 💯
fight every trump cabinet pick .
mr cooper you are the best
stop spreading the hate .. starts with you al franken !
as far as i know , sen. shin has not stood up and demanded the prosecution of bush et al for war crimes .
contraception - not abortion you ignorant fools - is an essential part of a woman &apos;s reproductive health .
the lakes are one of the very big attractions to mich. both industrial and recreational .
hay chuck , get your head outta your ass and work for the people instead of your own personal gain , you &apos;re just another political whore , speading your leggs to satisfy twat ....
thank you senator bennet for doing and saying right .
right now , the only participating insurance ( bcbs ) is only going to use 14 of nh hospitals .
someone doth protest too much !
bobby leong &amp; warren getch - crawl back to your billionaire know nothing wastes of air .
changing the norm to help stop global warming https : / / www.facebook.com / groups / 753844034662249 / the end of cheap oil https : / / www.facebook.com / groups / 461146587275445 / running on empty caucus of united states democrats https : / / www.facebook.com / groups / 149243698443944 / there is hope with this technology : thorium liquid salt reactor may help soften the crash , but the extreme emergency is coming fast .
proud to have met you ! !
i know i started lower than some , but feel i &apos;ve successfully overcome the gap through hard work and results .
susan , you aren &apos;t being fair to the 99.99 % of medical professionals that take great care in deciding if medication is needed or not .
go bernie www.berniesanders.com / issues
sarah elizabeth read this
as a representative elected by the people you represent , i urge you to seriously reconsider your super delegate support of hillary clinton .
you might want to hope for a sanders ballot , at this point , larsen .
vice president kirsten gillibrand-2016 .. ( vacant seat filled in by chelsea clinton . )
mr. bennet is the money from the oil industry worth participating in the destruction of our environment ?
well said ms. warren
this is for humanity - our humanity .
elizabeth warren said something i agree with
very very disappointed in you cory booker , as most politicians do , you went with the money , not with what was right .
i can think of someone worse than him - elizabeth warren
hey nra gfys ! !
thank you senator vanhollen for representing our views .
keep up the fight chuck !
thank you to all who suffer for democracy .
i stopped reading at the third paragraph , because it has been supporters of killary and bernie who i site violence while waving banners that read &quot; stop the hate &quot; .
i &apos;m glad you are on the front lines , amy !
general mccrystal said that no civilian needs a military assault weapon near our women and children on the streets of america .
you and i both know that bernie is closer to your values than hrc .
i am a middle class guy .
@ anthony , it is up to us to highlight to our friend and neighbors what patty is the best choice for this election cycle .
this woman lies as bad as hillary and her husband , and most liberals , for that matter .
senator schumer , please keep up the good fight for us .
your system is as dodgy as trump &apos;s hair .
as someone who worked hard on this bill , i can tell you from personal experience that senator merkley did an extraordinary job of standing up for the country &apos;s consumers .
we need to do more to secure our schools , fund mental health
i love how all these comments are anti hillary but shes going to miraculously win somehow .
sending jeanne shaheen back to washington will be sending a vote for colonization of islam to nh .. over 8500 refugees given green cards and work permits and voting rights .
sen. stabenow you should not be boycotting hearings for president trumps cabinet nominees .
thank you so hard for all of your hard work on this , congressman connolly .
senator gillibrand , standing isn &apos;t enough .
what are you going to actually do al frankenstein ?
please endorse senator bernie sanders before its too late !
save sherry jackson by expediting her care .
her assessment of trump is on target !
thank you so much patty murray ..... happy that our voices were heard .
charleston , aurora , newton , tucson , and daily murders in chicago are not islam ... it &apos;s guns in the hands of the mentally ill and oppressed .
thank you senator shaheen for standing up for your values .
i suppose you could start by showing her pictures of mr. trump &apos;s campaign manager .
keep fighting for all of us
what we are hearing is the same blind bigotry and hatred that led to the us closing its doors to jews during world war 2 , thus magnifying the results of nazi atrocities .
keith , i &apos;m so proud my home state elected the first muslim congressman .
big pharma has outsourced many of its drug manufacturing to countries such as ireland , canada , even india and china !
we &apos;re depending on you and the other democrats in congress .
debbie your a traitor to the jewish people for eternity and when iran sets off a nuclear bomb on iran it will be traced back to you
amen amy , this has got to stop !
and you should not give up on bernie sanders either .
now let &apos;s see if senator klobuchar will help stop the syrians coming to america .. the president wants 250,000 ? ? ?
thank you , amy , for your service ...
elizabeth , i couldn &apos;t agree with you more .
that &apos;s a falsehood started by the republicans who want to privatize it so their buddies on wall street can make a killing at our expense .
love you , candiss shumate .
why do dems always have to be the bigger person ?
senator merkley – i actively supported you in your election and am very pleased with what you are doing in congress .
identical drugs made in the usa funded by our tax dollars for r &amp; d and then sold there for far less .
thank you senator cory booker for your tenacity and temerity in speaking out against a fellow senator- jeff sessions ! !
i so wish you and bernie could have teamed up and stopped this .
go to hell nasty woman elizabeth warren # elizabethwarren .you re all going down.one way or another.its gonna happen .
&quot; protecting american democracy is a calling far higher than party , politics , or the president-elect &apos;s personal preferences . &quot;
oh wait it &apos;s the other way around , the democrats pay people to protest trump , spit on people , spray children in the face , burn cars , whine like babies , etc ...
keith needs you sheep , so he can continue being the wolf .
if you could help keep dick durbin &apos;s legislation out that would force all companies to go through the fda regulation process for nutritional supplements , that would be totally awesome !
there is too much hateful rhetoric .
kirsten , please pass the thanks on to harry reid for not changing the filibuster
amy , i watched the dateline nbc show on private adoption scams .
thank you for all your hard work on behalf of all of us !
tell them senator it is job security for all our lawyers { shaheen law firm 6 in nh } and to fill our schools so we have the numbers .. its all about the numbers ..
tammy duckworth for president 2020
why not donate whatever money these drug companies gave you to a fund to help get prescriptions for poorer people ?
al your a sell out !
good luck , ron .
and why are the big corporations exempt ?
you are a disgrace amy .
patty , you won .
thanks for representing wisconsin !
the constitution outlines the electoral collage , but nothing in the constitution binds those electors to vote as their state voted .
respect has always been a two way street .
tell me why the voters of washington keep voting for senators patty murray and maria cantwell when they dislike our &apos; vets &apos; so much ? ? ?
this is what happens when an individual such as kamala harris &quot; claims &quot; to make changes vs someone who actually takes responsibility for enforcing the safety of defense attorneys and our community alike .
thank you for supporting the rights of women .
derek kilmer ?
elizabeth , when we no longer have a working middle class , which we are near , who will support the rich and the poor .
i &apos;m going to fight so hard to make sure yore not reelected senator warren !
what good are affordable drugs if you can &apos;t afford to see the doctor to prescribe them to you , i ask you ! ?
we are so lucky to have you fighting along side of us ! !
al i have not seen s &amp; p raise and rating since you took them to task .
my family voted blue .
bernie would have easily beat trump .
teresa and the downtown bridge have gotten better ( faster ) in the past 12 months .
other than donna &apos;s post which is all opinion ( or left wing nutjob rhetoric ? )
shut the fuc # up chuck f # @ &amp; schumer and your amy ahole .
where were you with the democrat corruption against bernie hmmmmmm ... dont talk bout it but be bout it ... like everyone , u stand up for your propaganda ... we wouldnt be in this situation if it wasn &apos;t for the screw up of dems and shillary ....
thank you for caring and understanding senator warren !
elizabeth warren querra q lleguen a su comunidad miles de inmigrantes de medio oriente como ya estan llegando , con pasaportes falsos y visas falsas ( ?
perhaps if you were a woman you wouldn &apos;t be &quot; so sick &quot; of hearing about equal pay .
wyden try to quit being an idiot
not there yet mr. kaine !
i am not quite full on andrew yet amy , but please , get to work .
yes trump is a big bully !
mike lapointe will get the peoples votes , if you continue at this rate .
we were strangers , yet bound by our live for one who cared for all citizens of minnesota .
senator , this happened in a gun free zone , as must shootings do .
my sympathies lie with the families of those that were murdered by al-qaeda on that day but my sympathies stop when politicians begin dipping into my pocket in the name of other people , with or without the consent of those people .
kathy mazza , police officer moira smith and paramedic yamel merino .
half of sen. warren &apos;s post is a lie , she &apos;s spinning it her way just like every other politician .
i kknow that i have given upp on the electoral pprocess .
we know you will be the zealous advocate you were as attorney general .
bush didn &apos;t launch the war alone ... he had the support of those in congress who supported the action ... including frank pallone .
warren made the comment that they have a special place in hell for women who do not vote for hillary .
when the drugs in canada are made by the same manufacturers as the drugs in the us , how can anyone believe that the drugs aren &apos;t safe ?
you , who seem to think you are in the running for 2020 have just lost the vote of any american who has astronomical drug prices and has to decide between paying for meds or for rent or food or heat or even having the gas to drive to the pharmacy .
hehr-i-cane chamiqua be headin &apos; fo &apos; yo ass like leroy on a rocket !
i am making a donation to the democratic congressional campaign committee , even though the democrats should have accomplished so much more .
thanks richard and linda !
a commitment to working people , unions , collective bargaining , and strengthening the process of getting people out of poverty and into an expanding middle class .
murray didn &apos;t create this game .
you are truely one of the things for which i am grateful this year .
i &apos;m glad to see that officials in the nation &apos;s capital are throwing the book at anti-trump protesters — threatening the people who were arrested with massive fines and up to 10 years in jail .
the x is formed by the big , blue bands which are outlined with white trim .
may your fellow democrats also show their work !
if it was the international community that said , &quot; never again &quot; ( and it was ) , the international community should , at the very least , be all in with this .
great interview tonight but debbie , you were not a young child in the 70 &apos;s .
i know there are a lot of pharmaceutical companies in nj .
texas , with republican leadership ... is doing way better than any other than any other corruptly governed democratic state !
as a new jersey resident and long time champion of senator booker i am saddened and disappointed .
you and chuck need to learn to play poker .
so proud that you are my congresswoman !
you sided with people who are happy to kill americans , and it all looks like it &apos;s due to money , because there isn &apos;t a shred of evidence that cananda has dangerous drugs .
elizabeth , i usually support you but these types of attacks stoop to his level .
keith you know he sucks up to putin but he bullys the weak only hahahaha that &apos;s donald pussy trump
you too kamala !
thank you for your remarks - - ( i &apos;m not one to make a fuss about entertainers ) but besides being a good actor he seemed like such a decent human being .
with all our love and thanks to you , senator gillibrand .
ummmmm pretty sure she just described 1 / 2 of the democratic party
we have been fortunate to have such a decent and caring candidate to vote for .
senator harris , you and your fellow law makers do your job by opposing this nazi behavior ! ! !
keep doing what you &apos;re doing amy , you rock !
are you guys inferring that frank pallone is owned by health care companies ?
you rock congresswoman norma !
will a limited strategic strike truly help ?
beautiful commentary , al franken .
it &apos;s not just anti-semitism , misogyny , and white nationalism : steve bannon aspires to be the next joseph goebbels .
thank you , al franken , for representing minnesota !
as always , you make me very proud to have you as our senator !
i love you ms harris and proud you are my ag .
congresswoman grace meng-- how about also condemning the yulin dog meat festival and also ending the cat and dog meat trade .
red , others in opposition : rather than just attacking senator shaheen , why don &apos;t you make the case ( with citations ) of why and how a better deal could have been reached ?
colbert punked warren !
thanks patty for everything you do have a great new year
uh oh can &apos;t vote for debbie again
great job , mahalo !
not only that , but today there were five articles in the salt lake newspaper with five stories of people citing trump &apos;s name and saying negative things against other races , religions or women .
go elizabeth energy from maine !
or just let the marriage amendment pass and the scotus declare it unconstitutional and then impeach all those minnesota legislators ho voted for it .
thank you , senator warren , for using your national platform to combat the narcissism , misogyny , and xenophobia that is worming its way into our lives .
thank you cory for standing up for what is right .
push a law imposing massive taxes and fees for any company that attempts to plunder oregon &apos;s natural resources .
&quot; women deserve equal rights &quot; .
stop oregon department of fish and wildlife !
senator in support of john lewis please boycott the inauguration ... its the right thing to do ...
it is both shocking and extremely terrifying to the rest of the world that america is so close to electing such a horrible man , with a horrible personality and horrible &quot; morals &quot; .
and don &apos;t forget about western michigan university men &apos;s basketball winning the mac championship and going to the big dance !
at least sen. wyden knows that ryan &apos;s plan didn &apos;t kill medicare and he comes top with a great compromise .
thank you for your statement , just got back from sfo airport , this ban is unacceptable .
i am stage iv so i invite this bridge with open arms !
i believe that donald trump will be a puppet for those he surrounds himself with , so yes , i am horrified that he chose banmon as a statagist .
apparently her smear tactics are more successful among the less discerning groups she &apos;s used to hanging out with .
i am sick of gun debates , ignoring mental health and the lack of pragmatism in making public policy .
please continue to resist the unwarranted and and un-american machinations of trump and his cabal !
both you and al are doing minnesota proud !
and you had a chance , was it perfect , no , but a chance to give us some kind of break and you said &quot; no &quot; and cry &quot; safety &quot; as the concern you have knowing full well most , if not all our drugs are manufactured in india , china , and japan .
marie johnson and i always keep up with you , cory .
and for the sake of the conversation i am not a supporter of trump and i am not a supporter of his picks .
senator klobuchar , don &apos;t you care about personal freedoms and liberty ?
women shouldn &apos;t engage in sex until they are married and a man can provide for their needs , etc . &quot;
they need your support , joe .
why should we be paying for other counties and caring about other women who aren &apos;t us citizens when there are women here that go without .
oh claire who put this out .
this opening ceremony is spectacular and is a tribute to peace and our beautiful young people over this planet competing not fighting and terrorizing .
you and the democratic party just don &apos;t get it .
i was a democrat but news flash lots of democrats voted for trump .
the false slander about bannon is just more liberal disinformation and soviet style propaganda .
because the dnc undermined this primary the wrong candidate is running against trump .
debbie paulsen kahn
adding our prayers and tears of sadness .
~ fyi democrats attend the tea party rallys also .
except for bernie , i would agree with you .
@ marc freedman - the government accountability office looked at whether factors such as job tenure , industry and occupation , work patterns , race , and marital status could explain the gender wage gap .
omg - you &apos;re thanking her for cheating to win ?
anna schoteldraaijer ❤
well , peter welch , i am glad that you asked me that !
the people who run corporations are motivated by greed .
it &apos;s the opening salvo for the run against bernie .
you critisize president elect trump and say you will not attend the innauguration .
many of us value human life over guns , but let &apos;s face it , the republican congress is too cowardly to enact even the minimum of sensible gun control , to take on the gun lobby and to change its narrative of fear to one of affirming life .
i am very disappointed in you for not attending the inauguration , you are showing exactly how hard you are working to divide the country .
they blocked roads , injured police , destroyed property , injured supporters because they feel entitled because people like elizabeth warren make excuses .
please also vote to protect us from genetically modified food .
fingers are crossed for you kamala !
mandatory licensing , mandatory insurance , mandatory safety training and proficiency testing .
anybody &apos;s better than hillary
dayton , sen. franken , and about 10 other mn superdelegates feel the need to overrule those who you feel don &apos;t have a high enough political intelligence and endorse a war criminal , a racist , and a liar like hillary clinton .
that &apos;s the main reason why teddy is also my favorite president , although your reason is a great runner-up .
these phenomena need office-holders to countenance , stimulate , and implement hatred .
thank you , sherrod brown and keep on working for america .
the dnc will never recover until rotting establishment shills like yourself are forced out so we can reform this broken party into a party of fdr-level actual progressives fighting for the people .
popular vote 11 / 10 / 16 10 : 51est - 59,938,290 - hrc 59,704,886 - trump .
this is liz .
bigg goils downt kroi chuckie
i &apos;m with you tulsi .
they did not object to the other birth control methods but , it is much easier to claim the corporation doesn t care about womens &apos; health .
with a clause that it would revert back to 6.8 % july 1 2012. then they kicked the can down the road to july 1 2013. debbie stabenow voted yes on both of these bills .
attending or not attending the inauguration doesn &apos;t really matter , what she said does , she will stay in the trenches and fight the good fight and that is what is important .
al , we need 99 more like you
whether i agree with senator klobuchar or not , she is still my senator .
amy please vote for our country not the dems .
you &apos;re on deck , ms. warren .
best holiday wishes to you and yours !
you are in the pocket of big pharmaceutical or you w
dear congressman sherman can we thank you so much for supporting h.res.
i &apos;m thankful mr. brown is our senator .
agreed , patty !
elizabeth was my choice for a candidate .
thanks for all you do for mn and also for the dfl candidates !
patty murray : you need to become a democrat quickly or loose the support of the new majority .
also , no comment about the trash showing up at the trump rallys to protest and cause problems .
david ... thank you !
carol , this nh resident respects your action .
amy , please once and again it is the radical islam ideology that is the problem .
although bernie has some good ideas , he is not realistic or practical in what he could accomplish with a republican congress .
you are a voice of reason in a squall of idiotic white noise .
i think mr. bannon &apos;s appointment sends a terrible message to black people and other minorities across the country and i would love to see you and others take a stand against mr. trump &apos;s decision .
that &apos;s why we love you , al .
sanders stein 2016 no more corporate whores ! !
i am in debt to both of you ; please continue the fight .
trump is a jack ass .
now work in preserving medicare and social security !
thank you from my heart sen gillibrand , for doing the only wise thing here .
you my fine lady could have beaten him .
either support bernie or shut up !
you obviously don &apos;t mean stand up to the pharmaceutical industry , since you &apos;re in their pocket .
we eating dog yulin or you out ?
i profoundly wish there was some way to stop this impending catastrophe , and give hillary the victory she won with the popular vote , by the electoral college choosing to act with integrity .
nancy pelosi - go after the fighting irish , the boston celtics , the oakland raiders , and every other group or organization .
hillary did a great job !
so you &apos;re running 2020 right ?
after diaz &apos;s colleague state senator hiram monserrate was convicted of a domestic violence assault , diaz , for political expediency , announced to the public that he , personally , would officiate at a wedding between the convicted domestic violence offender monserrate and monserrate &apos;s victim .
we plead with you claire and all of our democratic leaders to keep our country safe by any means .
keep it up amy you are the best !
sopa and pipa would censor free speech on the internet .
ramadan mubarak keith !
clinton / franken &apos; 16
do you have a twin sister senator elect warren ?
i cannot imagine how a hateful party that has been nothing but an obstructionist movement for eight years could be any better now .
right now people are threatening members of minority groups , painting swastikas in public places , committing acts of hate in this man &apos;s name .
from my political crush ... thank you ! !
we are a fine city that deserves the same benefits seattle does .
blow it out your azz , nazi pelosi .
i hope to be there for u in 2020 !
# revolutionarylove thank you kirsten gillibrand for fighting for americans and keeping up the # resistance ❤ ❤ ❤
by the way , if you think english should be the official language of the united states , i hope you live on a lokata burial ground so their spirits can scalp your ignorant ass .
your awesome amy for doing that , i never thought you were not a super good person .
brown and all who supported this bill to reduce gun violence .
a lot of people want to know , sanders or clinton ?
the new 9600 service center is located at 9600 aldrich avenue south , bloomington , mn 55420
i &apos;m part of a binational , same-sex couple living in indiana .
thank you for your unwavering support of women &apos;s health , senator murray !
why should other people pay for drug addicts ?
thank you congresswoman jackie speier !
thank you sen. booker for everything .
because she learned sadly that &apos;s the only one she could rely on .
this will create a larger swath of homeless among seniors and people with disabilities .
trump brought this on himself for unprecidented un-presidential behavior .
thank you for supporting women &apos;s rights and their access to healthcare .
trump is not inciting violence , people who oppose him get angry and violent because he pops their precious bubble and his supporters watch the idiocy unfold in front of them .
john - the best sources for criticism of progressive thinking is usually within progressive thinking , since criticism is a major progressive value .
what you &quot; imagine &quot; about what ms. warren and how she would treat veterans is simply false .
wreck havoc on this country that &apos;s what the prohibition of cannabis has been doing for years .
too bad al franken cannot clone himself and represent the sorry state i live in .
chris van hollen , luckily , we have you to fight for all of us !
&lt; 3 unfortunately not all animals we eat can be so loved , but these dogs can be the ambassador of their brethren ...
please join your brave peers who are willing to take a stand and not attend the inauguration .
if hillary is the democratic nominee there is a great chance we will see a trump presidency .
not ready for a female
mine is about ddt ( the deplorable donald trump ) , and what steps we need to turn congress around within two years , and ensure we have a new progressive president in 2020 !
but history has shown such hate and fear are driven by being taught that that &apos;s ok , and that for the record , i also think hillary has a history of corrupt and dirty dealings a mile wide and a hundred long .
denounce steve bannon .
from one senior citizen thank you for all you do .
the hypocrisy of democrats who support hillary is shocking .
and those of you who think hobby lobby has a right to refuse to provide some of the defined benefits required of all insurers , remember that they don &apos;t seem to mind investing their money in companies that make these products that they refuse to cover the costs for their employees .
let &apos;s please stop focusing on donald trump , and focus a bit more on bernie sanders , who just won the democratic delegates from abroad 2 to 1 !
happy thanksgiving , the doneys are thankful for your service !
only thing that scares me more than trump being president is hillary being president
the racism and ignorance on this thread is astounding .
i agree with what linda said about treatment for for the mentally ill , for lots of reasons , but it simply has to be harder , and less popular to own guns in this country .
i usually support you , senator klobuchar .
happy thanksgiving to you sherrod and to connie and your family .
amy , obama is only increasing our debt ! ! ! !
now , earl , please begin the censure process for issa !
octopus boiled alive , no one bats an eye , dog boiled alive , everyone loses their minds .
but then i read you voted against bernie &apos;s amendment .
i &apos;m dont want to go through the litany of interrogative questions i put together for heald for yet another college .
( see alecexposed.org ) * * this is a coalition of the most powerful multi-national corporations in the world .
now let &apos;s work on a nation-wide decent minimum wage statute and removal of all of the caps on fica contributions .
we tolerate you right wing trolls who are confused about the constitution well enough , we just don &apos;t tolerate your lies , distortions and misrepresentations so much anymore .
i think lizzy warren smokes dope
happy first 💯 day awesome 😀
honor the inauguration and office and set a better example .
love and peace .
we &apos;ve seen federal , state and local law enforcement ruled automatically &quot; justified &quot; in killing unarmed men , women , and children in the street .
she has to invoke the kkk and other demo .
congresswoman chellie pingree - my only concern is that there will be ramifications for our state if you do this .
as a 13 yr. survivor i know what prompt treatment can do for breast cancer .
thanks amy , good work .
i completely don &apos;t understand how you could vote against gmo labeling and then brag about being &quot; a guest chef at the culinary tent ... where we &apos;ll highlight locally grown foods . &quot;
time to prepare yourself for the strong possibility that hillary will be the democratic nominee ; time to start whatever coping mechanisms you need to do ; get ready to vote blue in november .
i think of nys as being a progressive state , and was horrified to see that both our senators co-sponsored pipa .
i voted for you beto and i stand by my vote i have great faith in you !
please stop anymore from coming into minnesota .
i am in favor of all the gun control measures announced except the ban on assault weapons and high capacity mags .
booker is a crooked whore !
i was a huge fan of yours , but sitting in your ivory tower while progressives were trying to change things was something i &apos;ll personally never forget .
thank you , congressman pallone , for speaking up and continuing to support the american values that our country was founded on .
we desperately need you to help us protect our democracy .
you quote alice walker , but you answer to big pharma .
i am proud to be an american , and i will fight for the equal treatment of all people , justice for all .
drugs from canada are highly regulated .
apparently elizabeth warren doesn &apos;t see this an issue .
barbara day , why &quot; like &quot; a public servant such as john yarmuth on facebook when you disagree so strongly with him ?
and that is why we need to work together and elect bernie !
this is an atrocious decision rescinding 40 years ( or thereabouts ) of precedence .
that &apos;s the negative consequence that people don &apos;t grasp and politicians like merkley don &apos;t want anyone to think about .
hey rick larsen .
loved stuart saves his family .
i &apos;m happy and proud to support your campaign all the way from texas ! !
trump is not a good person at all and you are trying to equate the two .
yeah , frank .
if they don &apos;t agree , it will be a tacit admission of bankruptcy of leaders within democratic party .
i agree wholeheartedly with elizabeth warren !
why are we talking about importing drugs instead of preventing outright robbery committed by big pharma ?
women can have abortions and they get equal pay , unions are thuggish at best , criminal at worst .
the rich are getting more rich , and the middle class is disappearing .
( 1 / 2 ) aloha congressswoman , i really ne3eeeeeed your assistance in some veery bad decision , making my ghp or gregory house progrms , sever ties with me , even us
isn &apos;t this one of the wonderful reasons that our voices can be heard ?
did you cry when people were being drowned in cages , beheaded , and burned to death ?
why did you vote against gmo labeling ?
that candidate is senator sanders .
this can be a serious win-win for all sides of the light-rail debate , not just a selected super bowl-minded few !
you are a wonderful senator and although you are not my senator , i support your candidacy wholeheartedly .
blessings and condolences to you and family .
happy new year and please continue to work for all of us including the middle and lower classes !
without any respect because a quarter million dollar bribe from big pharma is why you said , &quot; i got mine so fuck you , american people . &quot;
congressional districts shall be compact and drawn along state , country , city , town and village lines wherever possible to accommodate equal representation .
much love to you senator !
i &apos;m a citizen of missouri living in australia , which does not have america &apos;s levels of gun violence and deaths .
for years after that , a day seldom went by when i didn &apos;t think about president kennedy .
we all albanians - donald trump for president in 2016 - 2024 &lt; 3
i &apos;m a new englander now but hawaii is my home state and senator inouye is the first politian i remember knowing of .
and thank you , elizabeth warren ! !
doesn &apos;t say much come elizabeth warren .
thanks for sharing it , debbie .
the fact is that we probably won &apos;t be able to save the aca , but we could potentially help people still afford their prescriptions by importing them from canada .
btw , your bigotry is showing .
this city vs rural america strategy is not working and the democratic party has lost its heart and core values .
you look like frank burns from m * a * s * h * .
please al , do whatever you can to save the united states postal service , it is self sufficient and the largest unionized business and number 1 employer of veterans , always has been .
i suspect most of you that agree with this ruling would feel differently if this were a muslim or jehovah &apos;s witness corporation imposing its religious beliefs on its workers .
the act submitted by holt and co-sponsored by pallone has liability clauses in it ... what more would you like , fiery rants on cspan ?
fight the good fight sen. wyden .
thank you congressman pallone for speaking up .
good for you derek .
keep fighting for us , sen. stabenow !
those emails that showed the stacked dnc were pretty damning
shame on you mr schumer , you are not a patriot &amp; have not put the safety of american citizens first .
thank you , jeff - for working so hard on our behalf - it is much appreciated !
amy , so glad you are doing this !
i in my lifetime have never seen so much violence since now with mobs attacking our police or people shooting our police dead while they sit and eat .
would you all be surprised to know brian is from the bible belt and has nothing to do with frank or new jersey .. he is a paid troll .. spelling impaired too ! .
al franken is still searching for a brain .
please keep up the fight for our democracy let us know how to help .
may the force be with you , elizabeth !
thank you chellie for getting this action taken care of .
as always , many thanks rep. lloyd doggett
like millions of baby boomers , i had to advocate for my mother who suffered for 14 years from a type of dementia that was likely misdiagnosed as alzheimers disease .
i know you have heard over and over that hilary cannot beat trump in the general election , but bernie can .
i stand with you mr. wyden .
# stillsanders # bernie2016 # berniesanders # berniesandersforpresident # feelthebern # endthemediablackout # ofthepeople # forthepeople # bythepeople # notmeus # bernieorbust # gotberniesback i do not support fracking i do not support citizens united i do not support big money in politics i sure as hell do not support crooked hillary # dropouthillary # neverhillary # hillno # hillary4who # frackno # whichhillary # notanybluewilldo
thanks you amy ! !
chucky , you can &apos;t get an award for fake tears !
dear senator schumer , as someone who i voted for you i ask that you stand with electors bret chiafolo and michael baca against trump .
we need a strict definition of assault weapons to include upgraded handguns that should be banned .
shutup debbie stabenow you communist traitor .
vote actually blue , not red with a blue shell .
that sounded an awful lot like support for bernie as president !
no to gmo
congresswoman tsongas , thank you for your focus on these pipelines .
with the irs , nsa and now with a invasion taking place on our sieve like border , hobby lobby is occupying your thoughts ?
my husband and i filled out our ballots and both of us voted for you , patty .
the correct thing for the democratic senatorial &amp; congressional delegation to do is to meet in secret on inauguration day and vow &amp; pledge to do everything in their power to block all republican legislation for the next four years !
thanks and happy new year .
happy 2015 tulsi gabbard .
thank you for your work on this and other critical issues .
you were awesome -- thank you .
a vote for rick larsen is a vote for a corrupt america .
bye rick , it &apos;ll be fun watching you get primaried .
the arab league needs to exert its influence and police its own .
kudos elizabeth
congressman alcee l. hastings , i hope that you will consider running for president next term !
elizabeth put your hat in the ring !
thanks and happy holidays to you , senator franken .
senate bill 742 would allow undocumented high school seniors who &apos;ve lived in oregon the last three years to pay in-state tuition at the state &apos;s seven public universities .
... big pharmaceutical companies are gangster on the street no difference , gangsters who did not want progress the kind lead by # mlk
from my reading of the granite state election laws , a draft movement likely requires senator warren &apos;s permission .
i had very much supported the congresswoman &amp; now senator .
quit posting inspirational quotes on social media and be a real progressive , why did ted cruz vote for sanders plan to import drugs from canada but you tweeted out some nonsense about how your going to resist the borg like we are in star trek .
representation of hawaii next to bernie !
instead you stay silent and your silence merely conveys your allegiance with the democratic establishment .
senator bennet , you are a mong the rich in this country .
boy that was pretty deep debbie .
wouldn &apos;t it have been better to support sen. sanders on this amendment ( which was a long way from becoming enacted law ) and address whatever safety concerns you have later in the process ?
you owe it to us , not the big money hillary represents .
you need to oppose everything like they did to obama , everything .. i am watching you .... everything .. and join bernie &amp; elizabeth !
backatcha al : d
i respect your work on behalf of the disadvantaged .
who cares about bridge wait times .
warren once you get more than 2 % of the american vote then u can talk trumps got this
best regards , elizabeth macy de montenegro # usnotme
however when you addressed the snohomish county pco &apos;s in attendance seeking our endorsement you said hillary clinton is your vote and even if the people say different your super delegate vote will stay the same ?
just got my health care statement in the mail this week doubled doubled from last year 450 to $ 825 a month when minnesota had a great program and this is what we get thank you amy keep putting your head in the sand
congressman larsen , your constituents are overwhelmingly voting sanders at the meadowdale caucus .
..... safe travels my lady
obstruct and deny .
amy , please work on gun laws , especially the most lax ones in minnesota .
notice you didn &apos;t address the big pharma donations you continue to accept eagerly .
senator donnelly : consider some of the ideas floaing around about reforming the fda . , such as requiring that new drugs be evaluated for safety only , not necessarily for efficacy .
sorry to tell you this but america is not the greatest democracy on earth !
looking at the situation from my home in britain i think it is very sad that the usa would appear to be still riddled with deep institutional racism .
it &apos;s a great country and its democratic but a far cry from the greatest democracy .
hate hate hate is all i see on this thread congrats sinema .. lol
so do something about it debbie ! ! !
where there is hatred let me sow love ; where there is injury , pardon ; where there is doubt , faith ; where there is despair , hope ; darkness , light .
see why we need patty returned to the senate
ignore the gun-loving trolls on this site , mrs. warren .
even the most basic health insurance in vermont has such high deductibles and high out-of-pocket limits that it makes seeking any health care unaffordable .
dear god , senator warren , i love you more and more every day 🙌 🏼
you &apos;re an idiot , senator .
senator murray , i am a resident of your great state of washington .
please please fight on !
happy holidays to you and your lovely family
congressman pallone - i sincerely hope you &apos;ll soon begin targeting your &apos; war on women &apos; campaign toward those where it rightfully belongs .
thank you amy that your state is doing the glyphosate testing ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
just think for a second ... what would have happened if al gore would have been in the white house in 2011 ?
its not in normal human nature to harm others unless ... thank you ms. waters for your attention and care in our district .
but in the end - we are begging you to consider a vote for bernie !
zoe zoe looked at me with tears in her eyes and fell over in my wife &apos;s arms dead .
it &apos;s not really that difficult to figure out where congressman yarmuth got the numbers .
the new york times &apos; joe nocera mentioned green in passing in a blog post devoted to highlighting gun crimes across the country .
equality for all : )
why engage in divisive politics ?
it needs also to connect not only women , minorities and college educated , but also workers and syndicates .
you get it chucky ?
thank you , you are a great representative .
also i &apos;m hearing there were electors planted for chump ... fight the evil right !
you voted against bernie , why ?
the wage issue is all based on the choices of men and women .
on behalf of other fellow jewish americans we are proud to have representation in the senate .
i also support hillary clinton and i just had to say that because this wall of comments seems to be purely a mix of trump supporters and bernie folks bemoaning that you will not endorse him .
yes a good decision .... now convince him that the tpp is not good for america either , please .
i had high hopes for you and warren but after this election i have lost every shred of faith in our corrupt 2 party oligarchy , the demofraud party and especially the sold out , co-opted msm that has become the embodiment of propaganda , censorship and fake news .
oh this silly man forgot to try to scare poor little women , people that most of us don &apos;t care their sexual preferences , every religious sect , blah blah , blah
why would you legitimize rev al ?
representative carolyn maloney i &apos;m a manhattan constituent .
bernie can beat any republican because he has no dirty laundry .
love ya , patty ! ! !
what progress has been made ?
i am very happy about right to work , finally my hard working husband , who follows company policy , and safety rules will be able to tell the union to stay the hell out of his paycheck .
kamala should talk ... she ignores laws left and right that she doesn &apos;t like ... a dishonest ag ...
i agree , right up to the point that i have to pay for everybody else &apos;s mental health treatments .
senator harris - has anyone in washington considered the very real possibility that our new president is mentally ill ?
i just don &apos;t see you doing that or negotiating fair prices with our own pharma companies .
you are such a class act , rep. doggett .
trump 2016 lets make america great again
thank you amy , i am proud to have you representing the people of minnesota !
please be my representative please : d
i &apos;m not only glad , i &apos;m grateful to have such a decent , honest , trustworthy man in the oval office , who keeps his promises , says what he means and means what he says and doesn &apos;t change his position depending on which way the wind is blowing and who he &apos;s talking to .
she &apos;s just as frightening .
now please get moving on gun control immediately .
because after all the trump supporters just voted to me america to become trumpussia .
... and im sorry but donald trump doesnt know the meaning of working hard for your money .
go claire - we need ya !
my only comfort has been knowing you &amp; senator schumer represent us .
my daughter n i voted today n obama n tim kaine were definitely checked on our ballot
large magazine clips and assault weapons must go .
brad lohrbach , mantorville , mn
please consider not attending the inauguration
and hrc is the alternative .
thank you jan - you have our full support .
cory don &apos;t reply , you know i got you .. keep up the replies with your supporters .
the closest thing to an inner city foreclosure story is detroit – and maybe the bankruptcy of gm and chrysler actually had something to do with that .
well , when the muslims of minnesota attack the mall of america , where will you be mr frankin , still defending your actions to bring in more terrorists to this state ?
sen. warren , you are so right !
bernie is not even a democrat .
oh stupid me ..... obama and schumer are in with the union labor guys .
please convince mr. wyden to do the same .
its over al is on to his new battle .
https : / / www.facebook.com / helpmeregistertovote keep up the great work amy !
you and al are real disappointments .
i mean sitting down with you amy and writing it ?
was told today it looks like the electoral college is gonna recount votes on the 19th .. i thought the 12th was the magic date .. heard anything about that ?
thank you for fighting for all of us !
your explanations for your vote are a scramble to cover that big pharma owns you .
u.s. senator elizabeth warren it is time for you to step up and speak out to unite our party against our common opponent donald trump !
i oppose military intervention in syria .
and thank you , ms klobuchar , for not immediately referring to the incident with the sensationalized terminology - ie : &quot; terror &quot; and &quot; war zone &quot; - that we &apos;ve been hearing from mainstream media .
thankyou frank for standing up to gop ! ! !
you &apos;re my hero , al !
this is great news patty : o ) it is so nice to know someone who really cares will be guiding great things to happen to our honored veterans ! ! !
senator warren , i think it &apos;s much worse than you or anyone else thinks .
let &apos;s start up : warren 2020 !
she claims to no longer support the tpp , but her people would not allow opposition to the tpp into the platform .
jeanne shaheen , why would you vote against the constitution of the united states of america by supporting the united nations arms trade treaty ?
elizabeth warren you and the democratic party have no problem taking money from an admitted nazi sympathizer , george soros !
so every democratic senator is out with the same talking points ?
trump is not a racist , he just made the mistake of putting a voice to things a lot of people have been saying .
1. state and local subsidies to corporations : an excellent new york times study by louise story calculated that state and local government provide at least $ 80 billion in subsidies to corporations .
bonus , keith ellison.it is a day of celebrating a new president coming in to office.so happy you will not be there to spread your divisive rhetoric.thank-you for keeping your hate away.i reject your brand of hate .
larsen for president 2016 !
one of the best first ladies of michigan that we have ever had .
it was wonderful to hear senator harkin speak of his good friend and colleague senator wellstone .
please keep fighting the good fight and educating new generations on this critical issue !
steve bannon was a high level official in the military .
trump is a liter .
i &apos;m especially excited about warren &apos;s election and mccaskill and sherrod brown &apos;s re-election !
there &apos;s no need to rain on our warren parade , david hammond .
senator brown , can you explain to me what &quot; equality &quot; means to the child ... the victim ... of an abortion .
thank you for supporting bernie and the will of the people &lt; 3
thank you for your steadfast commitment to all the people of colorado .
i don &apos;t think it will be effective as long as military semi automatic weapons are available for sale across the counter .
the future is bernie and progressives .
love it warren gacsi !
we believed in you elizabeth warren now is the time to show us you aren &apos;t a sell out # ettubrute
senator durbin , i respectfully ask you to oppose the crpd .
military intervention is far more likely to make matters worse , not better .
so how about the working mothers in haiti ?
welcome home happy holidays and thank you
thanks , senator shaheen .
sen. schumer , thank you for your work- keep on resisting .
without the electoral college a few large cities would dictate to the whole country .
what was the presumptive democratic candidate for vice president &apos;s position on the regulation of the financial industry ?
senator elizabeth warren ..... need i say more ?
i believe in you senator wyden .
duckworth for president .
it would be difficult for trump or anyone for that matter , to be more divisive than saul alinsky , oops , i meant bho .
i am also asking you to support tom perez for dnc .
please use your vote to vote for bernie sanders .. he can definitely beat either trump or cruz ...
is that part of the democrat party war on american women workers and american workers in general ?
go get &apos; em , al !
u.s. senator al franken ... should have backed bernie !
why does al franken support pipa ?
oregon deserves better representation in washington .
this is difficult news .
thanks for your reasonable response , although i remain a sanders supporter .
thank you for sharing your thoughts and feelings.but what about mass deportations ?
sherrod , i just sent you a detailed email , offering my services in the area of getting a candidate ready for president for 2020. i had asked you to run several times , but you said to me at the cota building , &quot; hillary will make a good president . &quot;
thank you barbara lee !
why did you draw the line at continuing big pharma profits ?
i am so happy that you were able to attend this historic event !
one citizen one vote its how it works done in private so ms warren keep ur leftists ideals on campus
seems to me john lewis and 63 congressmen sat out the inauguration because they question the legitimacy of his presidency doesn &apos;t that kind of behavior erode american &apos;s confidence in our democracy ?
food allergies are life-threatening and affect 5.9 million kids – or one in 13. this legislation is especially important because about 25 % of emergency epinephrine administrations are on those who did not previously have a diagnosis .
a wonderful event .
happy new year , liz !
let me rephrase that ... joe walsh is an embarrassment to all * responsible * fathers .
klobuchar , you know that that ukraine junta you support includes nazis .
we either need to vote in super delegates who will support us , the constituents , or eliminate super delegates from the process .
in order to keep him alive , his medications are $ 2,000 a month .
ever since al voted nay on state &apos;s rights to label gmos , all i hear when he talks is blah , blah , blah , blah .
you are one amazing lady .
colleen + 100 .
congratulations to senator kirk , and we still need more democrats and republicans .
liz , be bernie &apos;s running mate !
i &apos;d rather trump then hillary ... and let &apos;s face it bernie lives in his own world of pink clouds and rainbows
amy you have done so many good things that many feel you should run for president in the next election .
thank you for supporting abortion for rape victims in the peace corps
canadian drug safety standards are high .
sanders would have swept the floor with trump .
tulsi thank you .
on behalf of nick , beverly &amp; theresa we &apos;re pulling for you mrs. harris .
thank you again amy ! ! !
former majority leader senator byrd was a grand wizard in the kkk and life long dixiecrat that &apos;s a southern democrat for those of you who don &apos;t know .
the math doesn &apos;t add up , but we in illinois know that there are always dead people voting in chicago .
you are as much to blame as the dnc .
you should have endorsed the only candidate who could have beaten trump , bernie .
and jobs debbie : )
for voting nay to reduce prescription prices !
we &apos;re still pullin &apos; for ya &apos; , al , and we , too , think you &apos;ll prevail .
i thought the bill for lower prescription drugs through canada was proposed by u.s. senator bernie sanders .
the vast majority of the drugs that would be imported are from us pharmaceutical companies , so your alleged safety concerns are unmitigated bullshit .
support stop arming terrorist act congresswoman tulsi gabbard and an investigation in 9 / 11 using .dr.
betty done boo booed ...
of ed - the group that &apos;s tasked with the responsibility for investigating allegations of waste , fraud and abuse .
happy birthday senator maury
way to go amy , way to go woo hoo .
joe - can you cite a source for your claim &#91; zombie lie &#93; about giving our tax dollars to brazil ?
as usual the negativity of the democratic party is showing .
back then democrats represented the hard working americans and family values .
kamala ( my favorite district attorney ) keep up the great work ... you make a difference ! !
happy mother &apos;s day to you - congresswoman frederica wilson .
yeah and who are the millionaires benefiting- government elites and politicians are the 1 % in bed with wall street .
shut your stupid face ew
i &apos;m so glad that i voted for a former state attorney general who can speak out against this unjust order .
so ... if you support the importation of prescription drugs , why in the world did you vote against it ?
time for you to make a move madam senator .
love your optimism , earl , but not your spin .
forgetting about the fact that intel pays the best wages in her district .
barbara lee , thank you for challenging the certification of the electoral votes .
silence is acceptance
is it hillary or bernie ?
ms. duckworth i appreciated your logical and well prepared questions today of fbi directory comey .
it &apos;s hillary &apos;s supporters that need to wake up here .
thank you senator blumental for your service and representing the people ! ! !
and bc killary wouldn &apos;t staff her cabinet with bankers , big business and pedophiles .
clueless progressive .
please do not allow greed to continue to inflict human suffering .
i wish i lived in ny so i could vote for you !
thanks for all your hard work ... pat writt
i &apos;m voting for tammy duckworth but it has nothing to do with kirk &apos;s comment .
nice try liz .
i only wish that your conclusion was a declaration of your candidacy for president , or at least to back bernie sanders .
thank you for all you do for us low income &amp; middle class that just get by .
you just are waiting for your corporate funding .
kyrsten , well done !
senator warren , you are our best chance in 2020. we need you !
so elizabeth , pull up your big girl panties and challenge hillary for the nomination !
wow that is as close as you can get to a bernie endorsement without actually saying his name !
thank you senator gillibrand for everything you have done for women , people of color , the lgbtq community , people with disabilities , and the list goes on , by continuing to stand up to trump and his administration .
we need some job programs like fdr did , my dad always talked about what a blessing it was to be able to work and earn an honest living because of those programs .
canadian standards are pretty high regarding med safety .
• queens , new york , october 23 , 2014. zale thompson , another self-radicalized muslim , injured two police officers with a hatchet before being shot dead by other cops .
i blame the democrats for letting bernie sanders run for president to destroy the democratic party .
only option moving forward , listen to bernie and vote with him period .
aren &apos;t there like 36 states who have banned unnatural marriage ... making minnesota one of the few that have gone the opposite direction of most of the states ?
i am amazed that you inspired so many people .
age discrimination is rampant out there when applying for the few jobs that there are .
we cannot allow big pharma companies to get a monopoly on any drug- that &apos;s not free market that is hostage taking
or stopping the 500,000 work visas snyder just signed .
when are you coming to nh
trump reminds us of exactly what this country and the world does not want or need ... a racist incompetent , poorly educated , regressive , unscrupulous autocratic , outdated , political tyrant , and bully .
what about san bernadino ?
it would have been nice if the super delegates ( you al ) had voted for bernie like the people of mn did during the primaries .
thank you kirsten 💙
does this mean we get gender equality in family courts and men won &apos;t get screwed ?
grow up chuck !
these are the influences in our society that creates the sick mind that commit acts of violence like this .
hope that helps amy and sorry for my reality but it is .
thanks for the good wishes and the same to you and connie and your family .
congress pallone ... thank you for standing up against discrimination and hatred .
thank you again , senator , we are soo lucky to have you on our side and leading us thru the maze of non-humanity that seems to prevail with the vile gop .
senator warren , why would you stoop to his level and even engage in such a conversation / dialogue ?
in my book , amy k is a political slug , a norm coleman in drag .
minorities are no longer minorities the white male is the minority everyone hates in america .
thank you jeff !
what has his campaign done that is sexist or racist ?
student loan interest rates is a huge problem and really adversely affects our future as a country .
your post touched my heart ... tears .... you &apos;re a good man , al franken .
claire this is your time to defend our republic , our way if life .
please do everything possible to keep bannon as far away as possible from the fbi files about hate groups .
i &apos;m looking forward to voting for you in 2020 !
just search google for 1090 progressive radio .
you are one of trump &apos;s natzi &apos;s .
dianna , i am happy about aca !
anything is better than hillary , she disgusts me !
investment capitol into innovative research goes instead to wall street get rich quick schemes appearing to thrive in an endless void of complete and utter eneptness so deep it is nearing end game .
senator cantwell - i worked for you in 2006 and am incredibly proud of you !
i was at a luncheon with joan mondale many years ago .
the silver lining is that virginia gets you back .
i am very concerned about the information that bannon will be able to access .
that fdr fella too !
hi goldman sachs : d
duckworth .
if you want to protest , organize your own protest and do it peacefully without infringing upon the equal rights of fellow americans who want to listen to donald trump .
donald trump is who i am voting for !
great work already , ms. gillibrand .
i &apos;m so glad you &apos;re doing this !
yeah , cause canadian drugs are so dangerous .
furthermore &quot; assault weapon is a bogus feinstein invented word .
we need our representatives to fight for all of us .
this is an old subject , and not relevant to working for the people of ma or the nation in the senate .
those of us fighting to end the corporate corruption of the democratic process have just about given up .
if hillary is elected , elizabeth warren will have a hugely important seat at the table , where she can push the values that made us &quot; like &quot; her to begin with .
thank you brave women
glad you &apos;re boycotting a celebration of the death of democracy .
get it in amy .
i thank you rick
try the truth : dear democrats and liberals , i &apos;m noticing that a lot of you aren &apos;t graciously accepting the fact that your candidate lost .
* * * * * in fact , fox host bill o &apos;reilly recently suggested that rival news nets are all but irrelevant , saying , &quot; if you want to know what &apos;s really happening in america , you have to come here . &quot;
they should all take lessons from amy on how to work in congress ! !
we need congresswoman jackie speier in the senate !
senator warren i only hope that you will be the running mate of whomever will be the democratic candidate .
thank you sen klobuchar and hallelujah !
i have supported you in the past , but not again until you support the millions of patients like me who need to have alternatives to the greedy pharmaceutical companies .
hillary vs trump
ms krugel : have u ever seen an otc or prescription drug labeled &quot; 100 % safe &quot; ?
may he come home soon , and the pacemaker is a very good back-up device for safety from syncopy .
donald j. trump2017 hillary for prison 2017
the gun lobby seems to have a problem with stronger restrictions on gun storage as well , so they &apos;re clearly not in support of basic gun &quot; safety &quot; either .
michigan voters need to remember this come 2014 or act now ! ! !
i expect you to not vote for any of trump &apos;s nominees but you did .
in recent memory outside interests have blocked an aerial tram , a casino , and potentially nestles now .
michigan businesses will suffer as there will be no one left in the middle class to buy your products and services .
dr king would start with blm , booker , al sharpton , and especially obamacrap that they stand for all he tried to fight , they are the biggest racists in this country and have done nothing but line their own pockets ! ! ! ! !
mahalo nui loa for all that you do !
so , what you &apos;re saying is you would rather have people pay through the nose to die from american made drugs ..... rather than pay less and die from canadian drugs ? ? ? ? ?
then oppose tpp !
since she doesn &apos;t march to the beat of the leftist radical drummer you insult her ?
elizabeth warren , i look forward to voting for you in 2020 .
looking at your campaign contributions for the 2016 cycle show that a significant portion came from the pharmaceutical industry .
i &apos;m proud of elizabeth warren !
time for oregon to get jobs for all ... merkley needs to go !
both sides have incited violence .
i live in yarmouth , maine and am so grateful that you are looking out for their interests , and ours from afar .
bernie can &apos;t beat him
debbie you did a great job , as always .
i live in the people &apos;s republic of berkeley and there is still no finer voice here in the fight for fairness than senator elizabeth warren .
two minnesotans running for president .
! .. still follow calif. politics .. voted for gerry brown the 1st time he was gov .. long time ago ... i &apos;m rutting for you ... really want to see you win ... but will sure miss sen. barbara boxer .
proud of you , too kirsten !
the democratic party is losing support through this as well .
well he &apos;s not all that sorry but he turns out to be a democrat he &apos;s on hillary side i will not support him trump all the way we get on the trump train
racism is a disease of white people -i did not intend to be quiet about it ... racism is americas greatest disease .. albert einstein
mr. booker , your inspirational words and tireless action give me strength .
thank you for your strong words mr schumer , please dooooo something !
and the candidate that has the best chance at beating him , according to the polls , is bernie sanders .
met life had a problem after nyc had a parade for the n.y. giants .
msnbc said that senator corey booker voted against the bill along wuth many other democrats .
thank you for representing the women , men abpnd p
senator murray has done an awesome job for washington and for all the citizens of the us through her veterans work .
i &apos;m so sorry , debbie , for your loss .
best wishes and love from the big island of hawaii .
but , also in the dead of night , you voted with big pharma and against cheaper drugs .
i &apos;m sure amy doesn &apos;t even look at these responses , as it goes for the uninformed voter , so goes the uninformed senator that will not listen to their constituents .
elizabeth warren our next potus ! ! ! ! ! !
well al , today on &apos; cco was your best attempt at political satire of your career .
very grateful for your public service .
c &apos;mon bernie .
i would like to urge you to help us / me figure out how to identify ways to strengthen gun control laws in oregon .
this bill takes the target off of the backs of illinois children going through divorce and custody battles , which all too often go on for years .
his love of oregon is deep and sincere .
catholic charities also does a lot of work for mothers considering abortion and helping them choose life .
and if i recall , both people in a marriage need to be able to say &quot; i do &quot;
everything you mentioned about trump is a lie .
what is highland fairview doing for the newkirk &apos;s moreno valley : neighbors worry as mega-warehouse project vote nears seven rural homes are within the proposed boundaries of the world logistics center .
i &apos;m so proud of my fellow minnesotans !
very disturbing that gm and local government offices were spared the flint river water , but the homes of city residents were not .
this is not the first time you have seen hillary clinton seemingly at her wits &apos; end , but she has always risen , always risen , don &apos;t forget she has always risen , much to the dismay of her adversaries and the delight of her friends .
senator wolf came to our neighborhood today to introduce himself and also spoke highly of ms. warren .
keep working for us .. do nit vote for tpp either ! ! !
thank you , earl , for your public statement about this verdict .
elizabeth warren i like you .
thank you for taking a stand and choosing not to attend the inauguration ceremony next weekend .
amy , we do not agree on this one thing but i still want you for minnesota &apos;s senior senator ......... 444club , yogi .........
i wonder what mr. franken thinks about iran doing her own inspections on the parchin nuclear site .... you know , the one where they are suspected of building nuke detonators .
u.s. senator elizabeth warren please , say out loud that you # feelthebern we know you do , but we need you to say it , often and loudly .
congratulations senator sinema !
would love to see some real progressive progress and compassion , along with global climate earth saving initiatives - human harmony
proud of minnesota .
thanks amy klobuchar for all you do for all of us minnesotans and again thanks you speaking at the 2015 ubc women &apos;s conference last weekend !
sen. warren , please run in 2020 !
i &apos;m proud to be a &apos; mo for merkley !
subject : it &apos;s not funny al .
pharmaceutical executives are thieving thugs !
invest in looking for another job bennet .
thank you for representing minnesotans
so apparently tester supports anti gun and anti 2nd amendment rights , because she does .
i support something between this and warren &apos;s proposal .
so sad for democracy !
they &apos;re designed to organize a community to be committed to their gladiators . &quot;
and i have not seen a positive comment from a trump supporter yet ... it &apos;s really sad .
happy new year to my dear friend , allan frisch and susan e. schinske !
15. you have to believe that standardized tests are racist , but racial quotas and set-asides aren &apos;t .
you are killing us by voting no due to lining your pockets with big pharma money .
shame on you , senator stabenow .
senator murray we need you in the capital now more than ever .
.... and so proud to be a minnesotan !
how much did big pharma buy you for.i voted for you not knowing that you are really a republican .
can booker find a mlk quote to get him out of this mess ?
the rossi response was only a very few words .
yes , thank you for your work on behalf of the people .
amen , chellie .
thank you senator jon tester for fighting for us and being the voice we elected you to be .
do i wish he had not taken $ $ $ , of course , but the attack based on saint sanders ( whom i supported ) is ridiculous .
elizabeth warren always says it like it truly is !
thank you congressman hastings for your compassion and dedication to end this horrible trade .
however as senator you stumbled when you did not vote for senator sander &apos;s drug bill .
i am so sorry for both oregon &apos;s loss and your personal loss .
at this point pat , i am deeply concerned about any corporate activity that involves co-opting natural resources for profit .
gun violence , although a huge part of this equation , is not the only issue .
i &apos;m so disappointed in him and the two wa senators .
you are an inspiration to millions of women around the world .
i will support bernie or hillary--whoever wins the nomination .
thank you , senator bennett for being supportive of all coloradans .
but in highlighting problems encountered by hundreds of the nearly 2,400 couples who have obtained civil unions in the year since they were created , the report suggested that the law is not fulfilling its mandate of providing same-sex couples the same rights as heterosexuals .
you would have us believe that canadians are consuming unsafe drugs ?
i was lucky enough to attend her speech-believe middle 80 &apos;s .
i am so glad you are going to be our senator again congratulations
i live in nj and i disagree with your statement .
people are going to die as a result of not being able to get medication from canada .
i like you rick nolan ............
mr franken , don &apos;t you think a child who is born disabled and will be disabled for life should be entitled to get social security benefits , instead of being denied due to families income .
happy mother &apos;s day
elizabeth warren is spot on ! !
so elisabeth warren is calling trump a &quot; racist &quot; .
if bernie loses , trump is better than clinton .
while obama politicizes that tragic death of these children , banning guns is not the issue .
we import food from far more challenging places in the world and the fda ensures it is safe .
thank you senator jon tester for your words and for your service .
patty , it is critical that you and our other washington representatives are doing everything you can to prepare our cities and state for a backlash from the feds .
mn is in great hands .
join bernie as vp .
i 100 % support senator schumer &apos;s medicare comments .
and you are sucking up to the handmaid of wall street
don &apos;t let the progressive wing of the democratic party be unclear about the strength of your support .
@ shana lyons please don &apos;t presume to speak for all people in ma
thank you , congressman van hollen ! ! ! !
i find it difficult to belive you feel grateful ! !
you are my hero , ron wyden
one group was found too late into to ruling - and that group was not from oregon .
we are super disappointed in you , senator .
and support from southeastern minnesota .
as minnesota goes , so will the world because it is simply the right thing to do .
hey elizabeth , how about explain corporate subsidies , blackmailed cities and tax exemption of and by the nfl ?
why is warren &apos;s page trolled so much more than others ?
so are you and bernie going to capitalize on this defeat and push for a progressive revolution in the democrat party and the rejection of neoliberal dogma ?
trump continues to show clearly just how dangerous he is to our democracy .
if blumenthal does anything but offer a glowing recommendation .. i &apos;ll even vote for the dem ticket ... that &apos;s how secure i am that he will rubber stamp the dictators choice
and you don &apos;t need to shoot hundreds of rounds per minute or buy thousands of rounds without a swift knock on your door from &quot; the man &quot; asking what your crazy ass is up to .
in all honesty , that is what impressed me most about hillary clinton .
oddly when there is a chance that progressive legislation might pass , just enough dems decide to vote against it , and it fails .
if turnout is there the haters are dimished .
a federal housing loved dirtiest snooped-around , groin inspection , and bought soap bars inserted my mouth daily periods !
talk about kissing ass
rachel brevik , is bernie sanders more productive then rick larsen ?
the fodder frank bank regulations that got passed .
colleen is making crap up again .
the silver lining is that you continue to be my senator .
first off this bill is totally a payoff to large agriculture lobbyests whom work for monsanto and con-agra .. this is the squashing of the independant , small farmers , whom bring to there communitys fresh produce and livestock .
funny thing is trump supporters are not the people inciting riots , they are hillary and sanders supporters .
president obama flew into michigan today and spoke at the ford plant , he said &quot; michigan is producing more natural gas and oil than any other state helping to reduce our nations gasoline prices at least a dollar a gallon ... !
congratulations rep.duckworth , i know you will do well , that crazy tea party rep joe walsh has no chance
you , senator ron wyden , are an idiot who cannot see the forest for the trees ( in more ways than are imaginable ) .
so our choice is between trump who is racist with pending lawsuits and hillary who lies , flip-flops , war lover and facing possible indictment .
al you have a great future ahead , just not in the senate .
donald trump won .
mr. pascrell has participated in the corruption of the best healthcare system in the world and should resign today .
for what it &apos;s worth , i would agree that amy klobuchar would be a good ceiling shatterer ( is that word ?
is that why you never endorsed bernie ?
i don &apos;t know of a single woman who has made this horrible choice who is happy about it .
rather than hoping to spin gold from straw , al , the best strategy is to pursue litigation against trump for a ) trump university scam b ) rape allegations b1 ) pedophilia c ) monetary ties to russia d ) private use of campaign funds etc .
i did go tammy go
why don &apos;t you and nancy pelosi go get your hair done ?
the sky is falling the sky is falling and amy is going to save you .
bernie sanders is beginning to unite people here around these serious and diverse issues , without regard for currying favor with special interest group or the koch brothers , who obviously purchased the services of our governor immediately after her swearing-in .
i &apos;m so happy white collar criminals who violate and prey on vulnerable people are going to prison ! !
thank you for your efforts to curb gun violence .
happy birthday , from toronto !
cory booker you are a leader for our times .
all they care about is the pac money the pharmaceutical companies give them .
elizabeth warren has a way of narrating my thoughts with crystal clear logic .
we are grateful for your support in increasing federal investments in these lifesaving programs .
hillary &apos;s become more and more left as bernie gains recognition .
and that trump is unfit ?
sorry but senator warren reminds me of granny - tweedy birds owner , so i can &apos;t take her seriously
patty you &apos;re the one out of touch ........ you and your fellow cronies stepp all over the constitution
bombed boston
bernie had huge support .
calm down and think twice - is trump really your next president ?
drumpf is a fan of private prisons .
just a quick look at his fb page alone shows that he is focussed on the major issues that affect rhode islanders , the federal fiscal crisis , gun violence , support for victims of hurricane sandy , and local food banks are just a few examples .
i have followed you for a while but please think about what it means for you to endorse hillary !
mike , what do you consider a &quot; standard union employee &quot; .i am talking about &quot; gov &quot; union employee.well over paid.i am not against unions.i said that before.i am against the abuse .massive overtime , absurd pensions and healthcare without some sort of contribution
that &apos;s what we love about you amy !
hobby lobby needs to read that , michael .
i am against the tpp or trans-paciific partnership !
corey booker is that man .
senator murray , everything he stands for is wrong , and defies not only reason , but sanity .
i agree with sen. warren who thinks that nothing could be more important to answer as required public informations hand the finding already made by investigators and admitted by the banks to be illegal foreclosures on defective mortgage liens based on enforceable notes .
mr. pallone , thank you .
aloha from one of your old teachers , now living in portland .
time for you to endorse bernie and let &apos;s make sure the next president does not have us involved in another conflict
seems to me it was leftists who were destroying cop cars in seattle and blocking expressway traffic in an effort to keep trump from a rally , not the republicans creating chaos !
thank you for your stand , senator klobuchar !
i voted for you and support your efforts to sign on to re-instate the ban on assault weapons and ban large ammunition clips &amp; to institute more restrictive gun licensing and registration policies .
just like medical cannabis union jobs in california and small cottage industry now in maine , minnesota could have a booming medical cannabis industry .
if al gore can accept the results then trump can .
but yeah you bet old earl is on our side .
spew your venom and class envy somewhere else mr. brown .
please refrain from encouraging divisiveness but encourage unity in oregon .
his legal team , the flint water crisis and the tax breaks for the rich in mi .
and our other senator menendez $ 296,000.00 you were my hope .
we can not let hate &amp; violence rule .
i remember reading that some white supremacist groups on the east coast , carolina ( s ) i believe , were actively trying to link with , as an example , muslim terrorists .
we are all afraid , ms. warren .
ohmygod elizabeth warren .
nice amy
do you really think banning guns is going to stop shootings ?
a strong message of support and solidarity from john lewis &apos; colleagues would be for all of you to boycott the inauguration .
way to go , my daughters and i are so happy !
it &apos;s not like the pharmaceutical industry is paying you a shit ton of money , so you can keep the price high .
wyden and murkley for their support .
you make me proud to be a new yorker !
trump is not normal .
hillary will be the best president ever !
patty looks out for people , she has my vote !
next time , do a little research ar just block me so i dont have to read your inaccurate figures !
vote for the corporate owned hillary clinton ?
patty knows nothing of the constitution .
how are these not basic human rights ?
if we can test the safety of imported beef we can test the safety of imported medications ; so what &apos;s your real reason for protecting big pharma in the u.s. ?
michigan families so need help desperately .
you are an ignorant woman who is right winged right of &quot; harry potter &quot; .
tulsi gabbard , she stands for something ! ! ! ! !
the electoral college system prevents tyranny of the majority .
i am hoping people of massachusetts will recoginze that to fully support president obama , they will need to support you too !
elizabeth warren what about help with childcare expenses especially for babies &amp; toddlers ?
senator wyden , we agree wholeheartedly and are deeply concerned that bannon &apos;s appointment will throw additional fuel on all of the horrible things that are already happening to people of color , muslims and women in trump &apos;s name .
really senator ron wyden , this is how you are going to help our nation ?
you have a great point , congresswoman speier .
ms. maxine waters , can you please tell all of us what congress is doing about this situation .
and cory , when are you running for president ?
amy , please remember the homeless especially now in the winter months .
its about time that the usa citizens recognize that there has been infanticide going on for 50 years in the usa .... 55 million babies killed .... do you damn democrats pro abortionists realize this ? ? ?
i love you , senator .
dear grace .
proud to be from mn and have a brilliant woman working so hard for the american people !
i am not from or in nj , but i have great smart friends there , and also feel that it is a very important state and you are a very important advocate for the people , us .
the middle-class is counting on bernie sanders .
if you &apos;re going to shut out syrian refugees , innocent victims of terror , then why not shut down tourism and student visas in the process ?
love you ms. gillibrand but this playing nicey nice is nothing but a show , of what , i &apos;m not sure .
best wishes for you tammy !
# forthepeople # stillsanders
this is outrageous and frightening .
there is so much intelligence spewing from these comments .
fight the good fight congresswoman !
skipping the inauguration is a foolish thing your party is doing .
fight back mr. schumer !
can you or joe try to reach out to president elect trump and influence him to speak to the disabled .
for best results always ignore dumcorats every chance you get ! !
at least bernie tried not to fall , into the gutter .
the 28th amendment reads , &quot; all citizens have the right to feel safe , and government shall provide safe spaces for all . &quot;
# stoppresidentbannon please .. and devos # stopsessions ... help nj out ... and how do i friend you ?
thank you , senator murray ... i pray there are many more like you , standing strong to protect our rights , and save us from fascism !
why are you concerned about gay marriage in particular , considering the many things the quran forbids ?
we are most pleased by and very much welcome the nuclear agreement made between iran and the p5 + 1 and consider it an important step towards establishing global peace and security in alliance with the people of iran &apos;s best interests .
caught you on snl 40th .
senator booker your statement about unequivocally supporting drug imports and not supporting the amendment cause of safety concerns is almost verbatim what pharma says .
i am always grateful that you are my representative in dc .
back at you and your family , senator senator richard blumenthal
thank you , john yarmouth ! !
i realize there is a moral absolute in play here , and the horrors shown to us all certainly weigh heavily on my heart .
why are we concerned for the safety of the drugs they use , but are willing to compare our healthcare system to theirs in order to fight for a single-payer system ?
why in the hell do we still have the electoral college after what happened in 2000 ?
he also told us only the very rich would pay more but it is the middle class suffering the burden of paying subsidies and the bureaucracy to run obamataxerrrrrrrcare .
you were too much a coward to support bernie , you are not deserving of my ear now .
but al , you need to know that there &apos;s no &quot; e &quot; in judgment .
mr pallone .... why stop at big oil subsidies ?
you don &apos;t have to like trump but it &apos;s blm and groups like that that is inciting violence .
regulatory oversight is needed for banks , education , environmental / pollution issues , another obvious no brainer that corporations , banks and privatization trends need gov &apos;t oversight - why ?
the dnc needs a change and keith ellison is a good start
exactly right , al !
you friend bernie sanders was sitting arround in a veteran committed while 300,007 veterans died and almost 900,000 veterans were waiting years and years for a medical appointment .
that would be more than enough to put bernie sanders over the top in the nomination process .
run , elizabeth run ...
senator i hope that you will consider running in 2020. i think you are the way forward
you are a bright beacon of hope to the true blue alabamians !
it will also be a historic day for minnesota and the rest of the world when jesus comes back to put a stop to all of the immoral sex , greed , and the unbelivers of this world .
bless you elizabeth warren !
mr wyden we need your help to make america great again !
are you aware that the fda identifies over 100 toxins routinely used in horses ?
most of the mass shooters have been mentally disturbed young men who attended public schools .
tears are running down my cheeks knowing such a scumbag like schumer has a position of power in our goverment
once again , we are grateful that sen shaheen has a clear vision of what is right and just .
tell the president that we don &apos;t need his 2 cent on the dnc chair .
i will always remember especially you tammy , you go girl !
knew you could do it kyrsten !
my partner just finished ironman louisville and i saw the dedication , strength , mental focus and endurance it took for nine months ... which makes crossfit look like an after school activity !
i saw your smug ass face looking at bernie ... wow , you &apos;re disgusting .
the problem is that europeans meaning whites and i am not a racist have always demonstrated violent tendencies .
lol they all turned their backs to you , shut the hell up rick
elizabeth warren , i have never wanted to help with a campaign until you became my senator .
they can send their contaminated tar sand across canada if it means so much to them.our eco structure will not be compromised by greedy politicians hoping to sell it out from under us ! !
thank you for fighting for us louise slaughter !
rather than worrying about the gop &apos;s candidate why not come out and back the candidate who is actually going to affect positive change , bernie sanders .
senator murray , please act to protect the people at standing rock against police brutality .
al - my inference is you consider your comment at 11 : 58 above as one of the occasions when you think you &apos;ve cited facts to refute something i &apos;ve written .
nj has a lot of pharma companies here and you voted for them , not the people you are supposed to be serving .
trump has not had any influence in the way the country has been run yet .
the underlying argument is that people don &apos;t need to have sex , so we shouldn &apos;t pay for their birth control .
i think nh voters have had enough .
then i urge you , senator , as one of your constituents , to support bernie , who does much better against trump than hrc .
4 of his cabinet members worked for goldman sachs !
no fast track , congresswoman matsui !
why dont you endorse bernie elizabeth .
progress takes compromise .
support bernie elizabeth !
ms stabenow is only one senator .
is this not peaceful civil disobedience ?
i cannot imagine what the republican party is thinking in allowing trump to spew his endless lies and racist rhetoric as he , with religious bigotry and prejudice , attempt to divide and enflame the country .
thank you for standing for flint , michigan your the best .
if you &apos;re truly # middleclassfirst stop enacting laws like higher minimum wage and solar energy requirements that hurt the middle class more than anyone else .
only in this way can the privileged white majority be reduced to the lowest common level ( lcl ) of collective equality ( ce ) so therefor mcm + sjp divided by tmss + lcl = ce .
go , cory , go ! !
&quot; decisions about the use of contraceptives should be between a woman and her doctor , &quot; but peter welch wants you to pay for it !
senator warren : your trump tweets were showcased on the lawrence o &apos;donnell show tonight ( 5 / 4 / 16 ) and i am pleased you are characterizing trump as he is .
long live women &apos;s rights 🙏 🏾
elizabeth warren , you act like the kid that gets their lunch money stolen everyday .
not attending the speech was way more political than a world figure seeking to save his country from annihilation .
i like to party , and sean &apos;s right , you &apos;re super hot .
i look forward to this 113th congress addressing violence against women , banning assault weapons and considering more gun laws and providing monetary assistance to benefit those affected by hurricane sandy .
thank you very much gregory meeks for cosponsoring helping families in mental health crisis act ( hr2646 ) harlem chapter of national alliance on mental illness is with you .
i mean , really , trying to use slavery and segregation to prove that the democratic party of today is racist ?
nj loves you ! ! !
tammy duckworth is an amazing person .
amy thank you for being real and representing real people !
unless the democratic party gets out of wall street &apos;s bed and comes back to the working class again , they will never be a viable party again .
doesn &apos;t canada have the better safety regulations on drugs than we do ?
silence is not an option , ever , in the face of hatred , racism , bigotry , misogyny , fear mongering , demagoguery .
trump can knock heads of state and lambast tax evading ceo &apos;s while bernie carefully crafts legislation .
stop staying quiet .... endorse bernie now ! !
stop all the cabinet appointees , too .
a great dayton ploy ! !
senator k is the nicest politicians alive
@ susanparnesdo you find it demeaning to you for a student to call you &quot; professor ? &quot;
hey al , post on your senators facebook page and ask them why the saudi is being deported under section 212 3b .
if 37,460 black women were being raped by white men a year compared to no white women raped by black men , there would be front page stories about it , documentaries about it , political statements about it – all across america .
occupy occupy occupy .
hillary and the dnc both belong in jail .
if we only had a few dozen women like elizabeth warren in congress i would have hope for this country .
it is not blue vs. red .
elizabeth warren and bernie sanders would be a great running partners in the 2016 , as they both care more for the people than politics .
be bernie &apos;s vp and you guys would be unstoppable !
please make sure the sherry jackson receives proper medical care .
be the first to endorse bernie !
senator schumer--so glad you will spear-head the democratic voice in the senate .
with al
silence is acceptance .
problem is , trump supporters and campaign has defended everything he does .
this lady is just as much of a basket case , as any of the other lefties out there .
senator blumenthal doesn &apos;t want to ban guns or ammo .
my happiest memories are of when i lived in minnesota .
thank you senator harris for fighting for californians and the environment .
come on keith !
and more than simply oppose , obstruct and get your caucus behind you .
thank you for helping to pass health care reform , senator murray
where do these people attend church ?
okay what about killary supporting people like the leader off the kkk and taking photos with known terrorist leaders ?
thank you , jan , for your thoughtful explanation .
why don &apos;t you call for investigations of the campaign donations to barney frank by them , or do you not see a conflict of interest ?
to make more nuclear bombs al kuts and revolutionary guard from iran killed 100s of americans and israelis ; they used deadly weapons and grenades .
there agenda is so upside-down ... taking away firearms from lawful citizens and maybe locking up a few mental cases .
donald trump is on the same path !
hmmm , are you certain hundreds of thousands of dollars in donations from the pharma lobby had absolutely nothing to do with your vote , sir ?
i am from wv and you and congressman lewis are the hope of our future .
senator durbin &apos;s attack on product labeling needs to be defeated .
al frankin did you really say this ?
mortgage interest deduction ?
way to go patty , keep it up .
no one other than police and the military need assault rifles and large clips of ammunition .
&quot; &apos; this is a playoff situation in which you need both teams to lose , but at least you don &apos;t want one to win — we &apos;ll settle for a tie , &apos; said alon pinkas , a former israeli consul general in new york .
if it would be invested for each individual , considering all the wall street engineered crashed , most people would not have enough to live on .
dear schumer : we the people are going to vote for the most progressive candidate on the ballot in 2016 and clearly that person will not be you .
lizzy warren the original fake : http : / / www.dailywire.com / news / 7003 / heres-everything-you-need-know-about-elizabeth-aaron-bandler
i wish i lived in ma just so i could vote for warren .
everything elizabeth said is true !
i &apos;m happy for you and for all gay people - it is a win for you and for all .
because most of these people are already multi-billionaires and they reaped their rewards enough from the blue collar workers and middle class workers .
dear senator gillibrand , i had the pleasure of serving on your autism advisory committee while you served us here in the 20th .
i appreciate your thoughtful decision to avoid the inauguration .
romney and the right wing are circling the drain , flailing away at anything and everything .
yet , your opponent , michael lapointe , has been by the side of the immigrants during their fight .
i &apos;m looking forward to peotone airport opening and opportunities for jobs for our illinois veterans .
gmo labeling now !
thank you for putting equality first .
elizabeth warren needs to see what the constitution actually says regarding appointing a supreme court justice , she obviously believes and apparently she is correct that a lot of well meaning americanxs will just believe what ever she says , please check your facts !
how can we firmly and swiftly deal with armed militants without a violent outbreak ?
why did you take over 200k from big pharma ?
colleen - you object to people linking to wikipedia ( which relies on group editing ) and yet you link to a youtube clip discussing a sweeping view of financial practices in american history ?
you and bernie were the chosen ones !
i think every democratic senator should get up and read corey &apos;s scotts king &apos;s letter in protest .
you are leaving a veteran behind by not allowing rep. duckworth to vote by proxy , clearly a political move on your part .
oh please colleen - stop it with your b / s .
elizabeth warren , we know that you are waiting for hillary to potentially win the democratic nomination so that you can announce that you will be hillary &apos;s running mate to try and win over disillusioned bernie sanders supporters should he not receive the nomination .
i just read a wonderful article at moveon about norwegians who have made a national bank divest from the loan support they &apos;d provided to companies involved in the pipeline !
here &apos;s my question beto .
standing boston proud and tall , with the most amazing law enforcement team .
another lie by senator warren .
any help , amy would be greatly appreciated .
great point frank g . !
i am so proud of how hard you work for us in mn and how well you represent us .
congressman blumenauer i appreciate your work on helping the community of veterans and taking on the poisonings directly ! !
then you pay fro it debbie stabenow , and quit thinking we have to pay for your liberal communistic agenda .
elizabeth warren you are absolutely crazy .
so proud of amy for a clean non-negative campaign .
most fabulous speech , very moving , very uniting .... go tammy go , , , , ,
oh and hillary is an innocent flower huh ? ? ?
jeanne stop trying to fool uninformed women voters !
since you take money from big pharma , we will never , nor should we ever , believe any word you say regarding a vote about pharmaceuticals .
these are the pictures of today &apos;s shooter in oregon .
you failed to even pass a budge for four years within your own party patty and you passed the aca without even reading it first !
we are losing to many lives by gun , my mother birdell beeks was an innocent bystander and her killer is still walking the street .
thank you for your years of public service .
i used their pc to look up information on using cannabis for treating cancer , showing all the valid science and studies that show the benefits of cannabis treatments .
typical aimless amy , taking on issues which are totally irrelevant to the national ones you should be concentrating on .
thank you , peter ; we &apos;re not an international guard ... nor , can we .
women have had equal rights since the &apos; 70s .
my mother &apos;s drugs as a cancer patient are so expensive , she doesn &apos;t even try to pay the balances left by medicare in a state that rejected medicaid expansion .
juan espinoza killed by nancy pelosi &apos;s liberal pc mantra and gun laws that make americans targets !
bite me go blue
good for you debbie s .
this is one i am just not sure of---i admire you elizabeth warren , can you recommend some sound justification for your stand ?
think she just made her case for vp !
keep fighting for us sherrod , and thank you !
i am delighted to be represented by democrats in the house , senate , governor &apos;s office , and white house .
... senator klobuchar : suggest - that each pharmaceutical dispensed by any pharmacist , in addition to all the other cautions &amp; instructions now glued to sides of the bottles , could / should also have instructions how to render those pharmaceuticals &apos; inert &apos; - with instructions for that placed on outside of each bottle !
please tell me how it is shameful when trump calls for restraints ad caution before we have similar issues in the us .
i am a gun owner , however , i do not believe everyday civilians need assault rifle type of firearms , nor is a magazine capacity of more than 10 rounds necessary .
amy klobuchar you need to run for president !
and the democratic party may someday be worth returning to when you step down and hrc does the honorable thing and concede to the real liberal .
please , stop taking money from big pharma immediately .
you are such a hypocrite schumer !
al franken will you lead us to abolish the electoral college ?
the rules of a presidential election are to win the electoral vote .
this is all bs - the best way to improve positive economic reforms is eliminate legalized stealing &amp; reduce extortion .
in march of 2010 , at the age of 22 , he cried and cried--i still see him there , sitting in the chair in the family room with tears streaming down his face .
your constituents voted for the other democratic candidate .
vote blue keep trump walled up !
nice to see that , thnx amy !
chuck schumer your a liar !
thank you from all public school teachers !
i felt patty clearly won the debate , showed her tireless support for the working people of washington and her fight for the boeing contract .
trump is likable to many people because he is not bound by political correctness , and is not controlled by corporate donors .
your fear mongering and accusations about race etc only help trumps cause .
people blame the current administration for us being in a place where someone like trump gets this close to the oval , but his type of hateful rhetoric has been spewed for years by the likes of strom thurmond , george wallace , joseph mccarthy .
with the development of non-lethal suppression devices such as tasers , bean bag and gas pellet launchers , why do police have to carry firearms ?
a politician willing to stand tall in the face of pension destroyers and read , digest and understand the danger that public employee haters will try to sell to the public .
tammy , you know very well we have gun laws that are not being enforced .
sounds like very well spoken buzz words .
i wish you a speedy recovery from your recent medical issues .
expanded services for the working poor in exchange for a low minimum wage .
i support you from the mount washington valley in nh .
please for the good of country , look inward and take some time to reflect where the democratic party is right now , where it &apos;s headed , where the voters are at , and where you &apos;re trying to lead it .
everyone should just roll-over and go to bed now , and have sweet dreams of a better tomorrow with bernie sanders as president in 2016 .
bannon is the real president .
decide take your pay home &amp; equality 4 all or { bankrupt } technology has far surpassed our jobs and humanity .
thanks senator schumer .
by the way mr. brown - where do you stand ( or lay down ) on the iran &quot; deal &quot; ?
derek for all the good you do i am appalled at your complete support for our local and national military budget .
why will the va in el paso be hiring more administrators ( to falsify more of these veterans records ) when in all reality we need to hire more doctors , specialists , and therapists to assist all veterans on a timely manner .
please please please please run for president in 2020. our country needs you !
thank you , senator warren , for speaking up .
thank you senator gillibrand for understanding how complicated this is and for your focus on finding a middle-way .
let &apos;s be real about the ultimate goal of the disarmament party : making soft targets out of all american citizens , ripe for the jackboot of progressive politics .
don &apos;t blame bernie supporters if drumpf gets it .
likewise , congresswoman doris o. matsui , happy thanksgiving to you and your family !
hillary is destroying our country and is considered the most corrupt politician in us history !
don &apos;t count on trump changing .
&quot; peaceful &quot; is also not hacking the police department with the intent of handing over names of people to rioters who have openly expressed the intent to kill those people named .
yup and hillary clinton is a real winner too !
geez elizabeth , why didn &apos;t you speak out when the left attacked tea party folks , labeling them as terrorists , just because they promoted smaller gov &apos;t that complied with our constitution ?
it would be great if you would provide links to the info that you have that leads you to think that re-importing brand-name drugs from canada would be unsafe .
whatever happened in the senate , did not happen because of senator durbin alone , many others were involved in the decisions coming from washington .
elizabeth warren is providing molasses for the cockroaches .
so nice to read the positive comments for congresswoman brownley , and she deserves every one of them !
senator schumer i implore you : don &apos;t approve trumps terrible cabinet or his supreme court picks !
this is a woman i admire .
that &apos;s what happens when you use your super delegate vote to back an unelectable candidate .
are you boycotting netanyahu &apos;s speech before congress ?
but since laws changed in 1997 allowing for big pharma to advertise directly to consumers the spending has grown from $ 220 million that first year to $ 5 billion in 2016. for ever $ 1000 the drug companies spend advertising , they gain 24 new patients .
shameful pos , you are mr. booker .
this is the predictable , rational outcome of the systemic violence which this country was founded on , and which persists in the police brutality and murder of unarmed black youth across this country , and in the public executions of the young muslim family in chapel hill .
gun violence can occur if and only if there is access .
and i would bet that you haven &apos;t sent one suggestion of solving anything to senator bennet or any other colorado public servant .
they &apos;re all great corporations who provide quality products to minnesota sportsmen , law enforcement , and our nation &apos;s military .
but i really admire your optimism and hope he will surprise us an actually be a decent caring human being .
there &apos;s time for a reset : reject this bogus research , and instead examine ways to better the lives of wild horses and burros through humane management practices by perfecting reversible methods of fertility control and by improving the range ecology for all species .
our democracy is more important than party lines .
love you elizabeth .. am rooting for your victory in november ...
pretty sure anne frank wasn &apos;t a muslim and i don &apos;t remember jews murdering civilians for their god ( paris , brussels , nice , berlin ... )
you and elizabeth warner should write something .
love jon !
the agency to prevent homelessness told her she had to be homeless before they could help her .
bill bird jr. elizabeth , did you really right this , or a staff member ?
gop never has the facts and are anti women , seniors , education , infrastructure , immigrants , democracy
i believe u.s. senator elizabeth warren still has an opportunity to endorse some if she chooses to .
thanks cory booker ... we love ya !
shut up warren you should &apos;ve never been elected
thank you for your important work !
we can only rely on democrats to govern right now .
drugs from canada should be perfectly safe .
would frank have approved of your vote against food stamps .
love what you have done and your support for bernie .
you are doing great work , proud to have voted for you : )
your welcome mrs. stabenow , now show michigan residents what we really can be proud of !
elizabeth warren , i totally agree !
the fear of my meds making me addicted from my doctors diminish any trust from me of their ability to treat my painful existence .
a woman &apos;s vagina is a sacred rose garden and should be able to determine who lives or dies in this world .
please do not be rushed into an unwise decision because it is a democratic president ....
thank goodness for statesmen like you that have &apos; pantalones &apos; , mr. franken .
again , this is how the democratic system works .
if you were not so worried about bank rolling your campaign with coporate dollars and came to the people like bernie did you would not be in the hot seat .
scott brown is licking his chops
let leahy know what you think of him endorsing hillary clinton instead of vermont &apos;s bernie sanders .
not nestle again !
then it &apos;s way past time to endorse bernie sanders for president .
( translated quote from greek wikipedia ) so , if a large portion of the population didn &apos;t vote , and from those who voted , the majority didn &apos;t vote for trump , how is it democratic for him to be president ?
i want tammy to get the sign exposure that she deserves .
thank you patty - the possibility of financial recovery for the whole state of washington really depends on this contract .
to label all police officers bad because of the actions of a few is dangerous .
chuck , you are a piece of shit .
i thank you mother for giving us a wonderful person , representative .
senator , keep focusing on mental health for veterans .
happy birthday patty ! ! !
thanks for thanking her , elizabeth .
you made me proud as governor ; i know you &apos;ll be a worthy successor to senator webb .
look at all of the &quot; democrats &quot; protecting big pharma .
amy , have you spoke about how the constitution is in place to limit government over its people .
debbie you are a wind bag maybe you should stand out in the farmers field with the wind turbines .
and in that bill they took over the college loans ? whats that , now that will get pillaged to .
&quot; but the integrity of our democracy is more important than any individual election &quot; ... oh , if only the dnc had followed that ideology .
kyrsten , i used to send money to help you stay in congress ; however , everyone needs you to lead democrats to join the 70 republican co-sponsors of h.r.
when are you going to become an advocate of telling americans the truth of these policies amy ?
i smiled as i realize how grateful and humbled i am to know infinite love &amp; gratitude .
to be honest al , i think you already know this , hrc is just as bad as trump .
and what in the hell is hillary going to do for us ?
i am so proud of this country &apos;s democratic leaders !
fight the good fight ms. warren .
grateful to you for representing me on this .
bernie vs trump ... ol man bernie will run circles around that clown ! ! !
elizabeth warren is never going to endorse bernie sanders .
oh patty , you crack me up .
dear elizabeth warren , i am a big fan of your style ( and share your views , most of the time if not all ) .
you are so right senator warren
you should lead the dnc .
let &apos;s hope she understands how important this is for women .
so proud that you represent everything i stand for .
look at this video , this is how people act in the bridges sometimes after their family visits and possibly having one too many , shouldn &apos;t the cops be arresting people for this behavior or is this acceptable ?
i stand with you too , congresswoman waters !
i &apos;m proud you &apos;re a muslim , and peace for all
patty , did all of the democrats vote as a block and did all the republicans vote as an opposing block or was the voting mixed on both sides .... ? ? ? ?
the only leverage we have in reigning in the orgy of price gouging here in the us is to open the door to prescription drug purchases from canada and other trade partners .
stand up against sessions bc there &apos;s no money involved for you ... but yet you didn &apos;t vote with senator sanders on his amendment for importation of prescription drugs from canada .
many years ago , after college i got my first job through the ceta , the community education training act .
jesus , are the right wing troll out in force again .
ms. elizabeth warren you are held in high-esteem , supporting bernie sanders may not be politically easy , but this is one of those historic moments when doing the right thing is not easy .
we &apos;ll help in whatever ways we can to keep you as our congresswoman .
draft congresswoman sheila jackson lee for supreme court justice .
maybe an endorsement * cough * bernie * cough * could &apos;ve changed things completely .
democrats have to divide people to stay in power .
by blocking the labeling law you may have a hand in my future hospitalizations and possible death .
thank you for your continued support of labor debbie !
and i commend you for standing up for your convictions and avoiding the inauguration .
you need to block everything that this fascist puts forth .
tammy shame on you for voting for the immigration bill loaded with favors and giveaways that you didnt read ... time for recall
when so many of you in congress have 6 figure campaign contributions from big pharma .
senator booker , please explain your no vote on purchasing cheaper drugs .
get the calls going in to minnesota dfl legislators supporting these three legislative initiatives i have proposed .
rick larsen has shown everyone who voted for him just how much that vote is going to count .
i agree with luray richmond , senator warren .
kill yourself you fucking piece of shit .
brian- don &apos;t forget about the lgbt community who don &apos;t have equal rights yet .
( sexest ) do you feel trump feels he is superior to his wife and daughters because he is male ( xenophob ) are you saying trump is scared of foreigners like a five year old is scared of the boogie man .
actions speak louder than words , peter .
thank you rep. evans for taking a stand in not attending the inauguration .
we &apos;ve heard all these platitudes and prayers before , elizabeth .
we need you and bernie
to say that donald trump is skipping out on debt with the form of bankruptcy that he filed regarding his companies is misleading the public that read this post .
excellent job tonight , senator brown .
perhaps senator stabenow should make sure her party leads by example : in the white house , women make 17 % less than the men who work there
we are lucky to have you as our senator .
thank you rep. anthony g. brown our democracy is at stake .
this wall is isolationism and fear mongering that will only hurt us .
the hatred and bigotry that man spews has contributed to a social environment that results in disaster -- and i believe orlando and the horrific massacre is a part of that .
your constituents stand with you and with mr. lewis
your message is coming through loud &amp; clear elizabeth !
do all women receive equal pay , i &apos;m sure some don &apos;t and i don &apos;t think the government can make that change , only the women can do so .
schumer knock off your nonsense in the confirmations of trumps cabinet members .
we backed bernie , you &amp; me &amp; so many others like us .
never underestimate the greed of these big corporate interests .
your future is super bright .
we are giving $ to al qaueda for goodness sakes .
-- we got your back tammy !
now what will you do when corporations start abusing pipa ( an act you signed on to ) to shut down small business competition should it pass ?
glad mi gop did the right thing for the good folks in beautiful michigan !
if you want to keep going down the road of amy klobuchar , get out your wallets , because you will pay through higher taxes , higher gas prices , and higher property tax and energy costs .
shouldn &apos;t we be free to buy our drugs from anywhere in the world
i hope nh can hold onto the individuals with disabilities education act .
http : / / m.aol.com / article / 2016 / 04 / 26 / ku-klux-klan-claims-20k-in-clinton-donations / 21351243 / kkk endorses killary !
ignore all the trolls here today and know that your sensibility is very meaningful and appreciated to those with even half a brain ... we just wish you would run elizabeth warren ! !
these articles you are posting in a futile attempt to defend your siding with big pharma against regular people aren &apos;t helping you at all .
please , amy , vote &quot; no &quot; to syria .
senator john lewis is a national treasure ... boycotting the inauguration will demonstrate for mr. trump that americans adamantly support senator lewis and will not stand by quietly while our democtatic leaders are attacked for calling out injustices and very real concerns with the direction mr. trump is taking our great country .
in these times i am so grateful to know you have a voice in our government and will fiercely fight for what is right and just .
the vikings won &apos;t be playing in the super bowl .
if you look at the poll # s , you will see that bernie &apos;s running better than h is .
i wish you were a candidate u.s. senator elizabeth warren
when are the trump supporters going to accept the fact , they voted for a crook ? ?
thank you congress woman tsongas .
consider three things -- selective tariffs , currency revaluation , principally of china &apos;s yuan versus the dollar , and co-sponsoring rep. jan schakowsky &apos;s fairness in taxation bill .
you keep doing what you do debbie and please tell our republican governor to repeal the tax of $ .33 cents per gallon of gas he just tacked on when michigan &apos;s economy is struggling .
senator donnelly , i voted for you because i thought you would represent the best interests of the people of indiana , and not the interests of the oil and gas lobby .
any democrat will beat scott brown .
i am so grateful for your service .
isn &apos;t time for you to endorse bernie .
just how much money have you taken from lobbyists , ms. warren ?
happy new year to you and your family , and thank you for the courage you bestow on this country .
proud of democrats for taking a stand against gun violence .
oh and because of new laws , no pain medication was prescribed because of the opiod abuse by others .
the alleged use of chemical weapons in syria horrified me , and i condemn these attacks .
there are few opportunities to draw clear lines against the many violations of ethics , dignity and behavior perpetrated by trump .
if gun laws work , why is chicago in such a mess ?
no amy , you don &apos;t want to hear our voices .
al please support bernie over hillary who is owned by the banks and other coorporations
# corybooker2020 i really belive that &lt; 3
i &apos;m on the board of directors of gifts for seniors - twin cities and we work with social service / meal delivery agencies to get holiday gifts to minnesota &apos;s isolated seniors , most of them living in poverty .
be factual and note project vertas ( investigative reporters show clinton &apos;s people paying thugs to cause violence at trump rallies ) .
thank you congressman earl blumenauer !
mr booker , i wrote your office last week about an autism school scandal and have yet to hear back from you .
what about exporting lng from an oregon port in a tsunami and subduction earthquake zone ? ? ?
taking a 30-year snapshot when child gun death and injury data collection began , 116,385 children and teens were killed by firearms between 1979 and 2009 — enough to fill 4,655 public school classrooms of 25 students each .
thank you congresswoman chellie pingree for not attending the inauguration !
elizabeth warren you want to be vice president don &apos;t you ?
mental health awareness ...
three municipalities were involved , woodstock , kingston , and ulster part , new york .
you make new jersey proud every day .
don &apos;t do it , patty .
is hobby lobby prohibiting coverage for vasectomies or any other form of birth control or for viagra to help men become erect ?
voters rights ; a - lower student loans ; d &amp; e .
bernie is the only candidate not bought &amp; paid for .
so buy the cheaper and safe drugs - not worth killing the entire bill .
you and your unamerican colleague schmuck schumer have fueled and propagated all this unfounded hate !
emma krass rep. o &apos;rourke is awesome !
http : / / www.nhregister.com / government-and-politics / 20140926 / bridgeport-state-rep-christina-ayala-arrested-on-19-voting-fraud-charges dem rep arrested for voter fraud .
all very interesting , but let &apos;s not forget that judging trump by all that american &apos;s define as success , trump is a winner .
and just like hillary , you use peoples lives to pander your political career - the laws you enact do nothing but support the broken and corrupt drug laws that currently exist , but you dont care about that , you just want to make sure you look like youre doing something .
even when ted kennedy was alive , an argument can be made that there weren &apos;t 60 votes in the democratic caucus .
ignore those ignorant people out there resist
cory booker cares more about martin shkreli &apos;s stock portfolio more than my grandma &apos;s drug prices
your hate and disrespect for the president is pouring down to other liberals in oregon and you , and one &apos;s like you , are the ones who are churning up the hate and disconnect from our government .
thank you , senator schumer for fighting on our collective behalf .
a man can marry an infant girl and consummate the marriage when she is 9 years old .
we all want to thank you senator warren for helping make it possible .
best wishes and the best of luck .
hillary and bernie were both fantastic .
please please do all you can to extend unemployment insurance .
trump is in , it &apos;s done .
michael really is only interesting as a symptom of such larger , systemic disorder .
so cory , do something ..
thank you for your eloquent and inspiring words .
fueled by trump himself , sad times , embarrassed to see all this
done , here in rhode island ( despite our flea-fart degree of impact within the electoral college ) .
sorry cory booker , it doesn &apos;t fly .
senator menedez , you co-sponsored pipa .
but if i lived in the inner city or a place like where the shooting happened in oregon ( rural countryside ) , then i might want one .
you bitch about corporate money peter but at the same time you take in millions from billionaire liberals steyer and soros and seiu proving what a hypocrit you are to whine about corporate money in politics .
keep fighting , senator murray !
please vote against this awful woman .
where was warren during the ma primary ?
now it &apos;s hillary &apos;s fault … i guess she should &apos;ve been over there in her wonder woman suit protecting with her bare hands .
not sold- cory .
perhaps you might interview those women who are &quot; struggling to make ends meet &quot; about how they feel about working at hobby lobby .
did clown schumer cry after sept11 ?
i agree with you 100 % rick .
agree , senator kaine .
how pathetic curt nelson ..... that is called being a grown up , boo hoo .
where has our sense of humanity and equality gone people ?
you are better than we deserve , senator warren .
how as a bernie sanders supporter am i supposed to vote for hillary clinton in november can you answer that elizabeth warren ?
you hillary lovers .
umm , the racism and the sexism runs the other direction .
as always , patty , please keep standing and fighting for the environment and alternative energy .
bernie sanders as well as senator shaheen screwed our vfw over ... they screw our vets and got $ 14 billion dollars extra doing it ! !
finally , trump is making a mess of everything , confusing everyone and upsetting not just this nation , but globally .
when is minnesota going to do the right thing and step up ?
* waves * hi patty ! !
4 ) if you are a minnesotan vote against amy klobuchar and al franken in their reelection bids .
thank you , maxine waters
check your math jack ass .
thank you for being that voice for so many of us .
i &apos;ve been fortunate to always work in a union job so i was always paid the same as men .
senator-elect masto-- your silence on this matter has been deafening !
keith ellison for dnc chair ! ! !
are you that ignorant on guns or do you really think that assault weapons are &quot; weapons of war &quot; ?
see you in 2020 .
thank you , senator murray , for posting this .
please run in 2016. we love you , mrs warren .
what i cannot stand for is anyone who remains silent in the face of trump &apos;s bigoted and dangerous policies .
i ask you to reconsider this and to please stand with your brothers and sisters who will not attend this farce of an inauguration .
and for the politicians , take money from corporations
the hateful rhetoric against elizabeth warren just proves that there is a percentage of american voters that are ignorant , devoid of facts and stupid !
shame she has no clue why the framer &apos;s created the constitution to include the electoral college .
happy thanksgivukah , al !
liberal tears forming a river , how cute .
joe - when did you sign your mortgage ?
thank you elizabeth and others that rejected the dirty , leaky pipeline ! ! !
hillary has 2 million more votes than bernie , but the right has been attacking her for 25 years .
al , thank you so much for your kind words .
you &apos;re full of shit and have sold yourself .
i am saddened by yet another shooting ... what can i do as a citizen to try and make a difference how can i make my voice heard for tougher gun control ?
too many people are forced to go without meds as the cost is so high .
lets go democrats always .
we just wanted to express our appreciation and gratitude for your stand against bigotry and prejudice which unfortunately has become a norm in the fabric of this country .
bernie sanders is stronger against every republican than clinton .
w in ohio are lucky to have you speaking on our behalf .
... but only 22 hours since the lat male politician screwed over another woman &apos;s rights ?
al , you are a truly decent person .
then comes the international investigation of news corp , and it having had a &quot; pattern of bullying and intimidation &quot; , &quot; hacking personal phones to obtain sensative information &quot; and the picture of international multinational corporate coruption starts to become more in focus .
study income and their profits .. i wonder if maybe they could lower premiums a little bit , so everyone could afford their own health care .. profits of 700 billion or so lead me to believe that they probably could do that .
clinton was against gay marriage until she was forced to support it .
liz is corrupt .
nra over public safety , may your position in public office , r.i.p.
they need to look into the popular vote system and the electoral vote .
good move congresswoman !
and i tend to vote democrat .
thanks for all you do , senator brown .
bless you , chellie pingree !
well , don &apos;t talk about it chuck !
go for it amy
al remember to flush when your done , thanks .
it should have been you warren .
please make a statement denouncing bannon as white house advisor .
guns and mental illness are a terrifying combination .
voting rights are basic in our democracy .
thank you for supporting outdoor recreation and natural places , tester !
and president-elect donald trump only cares about the top 1 % ( economically ) of the population in the united states - bottom line !
thank you .. : ) .... from virginia
you have taken away my vote and the vote of every citizen of minnesota who voted for bernie sanders .
liz , you are a worthy successor to his liberal legacy .
it &apos;s past the time for inspirational quotes from democratic leaders .
i &apos;ll say here on sen warren &apos;s post the same thing i &apos;ve said on every post about jon stewart &apos;s leaving : noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo !
shut up , joe .
if you &apos;re going to be here , writing this , post this situation , you better declare you are running for potus very soon for 2020. that will get us through the upcoming 1,460 days .
rip sweet dogs x
new day , new year , new goals !
it &apos;s not my place to choose for another woman &apos;s life !
a trump presidency and an overt antisemitic and racist chief of policy ?
precisely the point i tried to make with senator deb fischer .... deaf ears !
protest nbc &apos;s &quot; outsourced &quot; http : / / www.thepetitionsite.com / petition / 223 / 276 / 846
i wish you would have done this before the last election when 60 percent of the mn voters voted to leave our constitution remain intact .
booker 20xx for president !
i did real well with with pension investment with clinton so president bush could take it all , i really like elizabeth warren but so far will be voting for hillary on international issues .
you can &apos;t call yourself a progressive .
niki , yes , woman is in control .
i was very proud of mr kaine in the questions he asked while serving on his committees and was happy to offer my support as one of his constituents .
bernie sanders supporter
the kkk endorsed hillary clinton they came out and said it they are many muslim that support try plan .
i &apos;m proud of hillary and i &apos;m proud of you .
glad to see you fighting for the working class , congresswoman !
register to vote for bernie !
push back elizabeth , that &apos;s what we really want .
keep after them elizabeth !
thanks senator you and senator schumer for standing up for this .
happy you are on our side in minnesota .
i echo everything ms. warren made in her statement , but what puts trump in the horroble , horrible person column for me is his attitude toward mental illness .
gun control started off as a civil rights issue from the democratic party .. democrats didn &apos;t want blacks to have guns !
you do know that when the fed flood insurance lapses and it will -- the banksters come in and force place private insurance at astronomical rates that will send people into foreclosure -- the most used assurant by berkshire hathaway aka warren buffet like this jerk needs more money
the problem is that kamala has committed herself to fighting for the illegal alien , by overlooking the us laws she doesn &apos;t `like .
tell me how you are going to get the guns out of criminals hands and deal with the mental health issue , then maybe people will listen .
thank you for speaking up , senator harris !
with all due respect senator cory booker - i believe the safety concern is overstated .
trump is inheriting a terrible labor force .
i lived in st cloud as a foreign exchange student from colimbia back in 1978 , and i &apos;ve talked to my ( host ) family to get back together in mn , and relocate myself with my 2 kids up in the us .
dems also had populist candidate in bernie that was doing well .
your our future mr booker
always , thank you !
oakland and richmond are both northern california cities commonly listed as some of the most dangerous cities in the nation despite california &apos;s assault weapons ban .
please consider joining rep. john lewis on inauguration day .
now , please get to work on securing free anti-depression medication for the millions of americans who still can &apos;t find work because of this administration &apos;s lame policies .
• i am an advocate for gun control because i never want anyone to have to experience the horrors my hometown experienced because of a gun .
paul ... as a person who defends the violent pallone operative , joseph hawley , your &quot; opinions &quot; are meaningless .
in 1948 , 1956 , 1960 , 1968 , 1972 , 1976 , 1988 and 2000 electors did cast votes against the party they were elected to .
hillary clinton has actually built her campaign on all the things you just accused trump of !
think about how trump beat hillary .
gosh , here i am in canada , using canadian drugs , without realizing they could be tainted .
there goes colleen again thinking congress runs the various agencies .
thanks amy i &apos;m putting these ingredients on my shopping list today and try this out
maybe u should run with bernie
your state voted for sanders , you should have too .
if this was largely symbolic wouldn &apos;t it be more beneficial to the fight for all democrats to stand in solidarity regarding making drugs more affordable ?
canadian prescription drugs : a majority of medications and devices , manufactured in the united states of america , imported by canda with pricing negotiated by the government .
can we all agree harry reid should be replaced by patty murray .
you &apos;ve experienced women &apos;s poverty ... spoken like a classic narcissist .
1 ) imd - psychiatric beds were important every time my son was psychotic those first 13 years and fortunately for us we were always able to get him in treatment when needed .
you and ron wyden make me proud to be an oregonian .
that was the year mlk received his long awaited holiday .
can we assume , then , that gloria allred , a hardcore clinton ally and practicing attorney , will be prosecuted for paying random women to come forward weeks before the election with fabricated stories of sexual assault by president-elect trump in order to turn public sentiment against him ?
ms. warren , most people talk about themselves .
i hope she is still as vested in her ideals and will step up .
it is simply outrageious that my fellow democrats will not acknowledge the fact that 99 % of all gun murders ( 37 per day every day ) are committed by gangmembers , drug dealers and criminals that already have illegal handguns and assault rifles .
you are a wonderful person to represent hawaii in dc and i will always support you , vote for you and if you ever need a goodie bag from hawaii , let me know .
thank you elizabeth , for always having grace and class in the face of insanity .
please be our champion elizabeth .
ron wyden , i hope you and the rest of our champions in d.c. are seing what might be really be going on .
nana , you &apos;re off your meds again .
patty , it &apos;s time you see the reality that &apos;s in front of you .
tammy , you &apos;re an inspiration for all , thank you for continuing to serve your country and it &apos;s veterans
but will the nra dollars be more important ?
congressional democrats actually get more votes .
not bad , could be better but a step in the right direction ... thanks rick you did well .
this is going to be a trainwreck elizabeth .
too big of risk to split democratic vote &amp; let trump win .
amy , vote no on the keystone pipeline !
this is the message now sent to protesters around the nation who have been finding novel and peaceful forms of expression to resist oppression – who have been protesting in reaction to police violence , not causing it . &quot;
the lgbt community is smart and we &apos;re watching .
tammy you are my hero
you , chuck schumer , hillary clinton and barack obama voted for the mexico wall in 2006. https : / / www.govtrack.us / congress / votes / 109-2006 / s262
police can &apos;t be everywhere always .
this is so not credible coming from elizabeth warren .. first , how many employees did her ever hire ?
yes our political system is a mess &amp; that is why we need to vote in good people &amp; elizabeth warren is one of the best .
senator wyden , i am deeply troubled by this appointment .
does this mean you are moving to san francisco by any chance : ) congrats aida give em hell
a day late but only a day late ... : ) happy birthday , chris !
if its so important - run !
do what you must to prepare , get ready chica , you must bernie &apos;s running mate .
congrats , sen. warren !
this makes me proud to have grown up in new hampshire ( and received a wonderful public education there to boot ) .
i am concerned about the 2nd largest attack on our country , the russian involvement in our election process and trump &apos;s campaign workers association with the russians in this regard .
congrats on your lead and i wish you only the very best !
aloha from hawaii ... imua ( forward ) perlmutter ... onipaa ( be steadfast )
shame on you for going against bernie in the primary despite all the warnings that hillary would lose to trump .
this forced a mass migration of illegal &apos;s fleeing the mexican drug cartels .
please haters stay away i may take pisc and forward to fox .
money for student loans earns a good return on investment .
cough cough sellout .
shut up you racist bastard .
senator schumer , please do your research .
john lewis is a hero , completely agree !
too soon , senator warren .
senator booker , you do not represent me but i am inspired by your leadership sir .
natives are the victims of he greatest mass shootings of american history , you need to qualify that with single shooter , or modern history , we need to ban these weapons until congress gets it &apos;s act together , with mandatory buy back
hey kirsten , how does it feel to have a 13 % approval rating ?
imagine seeing a u.s. senator exhibiting her free speech rights and getting gassed by the militarized police on the streets ?
if we were all mother theresa we wouldn &apos;t need gun laws .
please push to have the information declassified and shared with the electoral college .
maybe you can &apos;t sing , ms. warren ... but you certainly do make beautiful music among the cacophony that comprises capitol hill !
so what is franken proposing ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
thank you patty ... all democrats need to be shouting this message from the rooftops .
amy klobuchar , d-minn . , and bernie sanders , i-vt. to the budget reconciliation bill to allow pharmacies , wholesalers and individuals to import medicines .
and thanks for posting this , as i &apos;m overseas and don &apos;t get much in the way of u.s. news .
thank you , senator blumenthal , for standing up to these unqualified and potentially very harmful cabinet nominees .
frank if its so good for everybody , why all the examptions ?
a lot of people who voted you in also voted president-elect donald trump in .
i hope you start working on a run in 2020 mr booker ! ! ! ! !
love cory booker a rising star
she should be assassinated for all the crimes she has committed
hillary is scary ....
there must be consequences to such disgusting appointments .
we &apos;ve been able to give &quot; hope &quot; to thousands and thousands of people in nj and what we have gotten in return is more than i ever could have imagined .
well said madame vice president .
and yet you would continue to hide them from unknowing americans , amy ?
i bet you didn &apos;t know that i just adore you .
what we really need is a way to insure that we have equality of representation .
do you think canadians are less concerned about their safety than we are ?
thank you kamala harris kamala harris
hillary and her democratic cronies ?
thank you for all your help at uaw 578
oh wait , they don &apos;t want to do anything to help middle class individuals .....
i very much agree , sen. warren .
keep up the good work , rick !
i truly thank you for that , senator warren .
stop the dismantling of democracy .
they , including warren , know nothing but they somehow feel that they have this high and mighty calling to castigate trump .
jackie - after watching your comments to rep chris smith ( r-nj ) i gave a standing ovation at my computer .
you can &apos;t dry up the supply for automatic weapons .
amazing how the hatred of police and the black / white racist newscasts have disappeared this week .
little late to be jumping on the bernie bandwagon .
inspiring quote , but please use your vote to reject trump &apos;s cabinet nominees---devoss , pruitt , price and the one for labor , prudzer ( sp ? ) .
maybe he should be in new jersey or new york instead of calling you .
and , much as i hate to quote a republican , as i understand tim pawlenty said when he tried to allow importation of canadian drugs as governor of minnesota , &quot; show me the dead canadians &quot; !
open letter to my governor , rick snyder : governor snyder , we have a lame duck legislature that is out of control .
thank you , cory - hope to see you in the white house some day !
thank you , senator schumer for your leadership .
earl the truthteller .
just think for a moment if he was a democratic , the gop &apos;s head would explode over the russian issue alone and none of them would attend .
the issue is equal protection / equal access .
rip senator lautenberg and thank you for all the great things you &apos;ve done for others .
we are frustrated cause so far the dems are making nice and contributing to the normalization of trump and his dangerous posse ! ! !
so senator brown had to know that his &quot; protest &quot; vote would accomplish nothing and i &apos;m hoping that those who suggest that senator brown ultimately voted yes are correct when they suggest that that yes vote will result in some good coming to ohio from the obama administration .
and happy holidays !
patty - wtf are you talking about ?
jon for vp !
kept bob casey in pa , elizabeth looking good in ma , hopefully kaine will keep our firewall in the senate .. + a couple more &amp; picked up an independent in 1 of the new england states already .
i used to like elizabeth warren after reading &quot; a fighting chance . &quot;
you have your senate seat and your big pharma money to fall back on .
bernie sanders is the right man at the right time in history .
we need competition for hillary !
you had me until you valued your big pharma bucks more than help us citizens get cheaper medications .
obama should campaign with warren !
it is hard to support you on this when you accepted over 300,000 dollars in big pharma money .
half a mil from big pharma will do that .
booker was right to make this decision .
please back up bernie !
all your crying and protesting will do nothing .
amy should be pressuring obama to bring the troops home , but i see no sign of that ........ none .
the nature of gun violence in this country has gone too far .
keep being phenomenal ❤ ️
the dick dick dick , oh i &apos;m sorry ...... the donald .
758 : 1 ) justin amash ( r-mi ) 2 ) john duncan ( r-tn ) 3 ) alan grayson , ( d-fl ) 4 ) alcee hastings ( d-fl ) 5 ) walter jones ( r-nc ) 6 ) thomas massie ( r-ky ) 7 ) jim mcdermott ( d-wa ) 8 george miller ( d-ca ) 9 ) beto o &apos;rourke ( d-tx ) 10 dana rohrabacher ( r-ca )
snowflakes still whining !
we are all stephen lynch .
i may not be on the same platform as ms. warren but this was the most respectful thing i &apos;ve seen from the democrat side .
amy , may god bless you and all the other people as they do the work for the people .
thank you , thank you , thank you senator kirsten gillibrand .
half that may be true but hillary is much worse so go trump yay
i hope hillary will prove her doubters wrong &amp; will not only be the first woman potus but also as progressive as teddy roosevelt or fdr ... we need to completely buck the current system &amp; hillary &amp; a democratic senate are critical .
you are letting the walsh campaign define you , and that is a huge , huge blunder .
heard through cnn.senator sanders much more convincing than mrs clinton .
warren is a mouth piece for her party and nothing more .
or to oversee the constitutional peaceful transition of office ?
i am concerned that we are not seeing more dem resistance to trump appointees .
i am still most proud that you are my senator !
thanks debbie for watching out for mi !
smart woman , i was hoping warren would enter the race .
senator cory i know well enough .
know minnesotans who fly down , buy annual supply and pay for their trip to phoenix mid winter .
amy you do a wonderful job .
please change your position on pipa and sopa judy .
how true elizabeth !
hobby lobby does not object to 16 out of 20 birth control pills .
thanks debbie i am glad someone remembers
i would vote for rep doggett
mr franken is showing respect for former mayor rybak .
congresswoman tulsi gabbard looks for smart solutions while john kerry &amp; barack obama just let our nato allies hanging in the air and use the republicans as a scapegoat !
looking forward to having you representing strong progressive values in congress .
thank you for speaking as our voices , cory booker !
make us proud kyrsten !
good luck with that rick .
i am very fearful of trump actually becoming president .
larry , thanks for sharing and kudos to your son joe for showcasing pope francis historic speech in congress .
thanks for representing your constituents , congressman huffman ❤
happy belated birthday to you both
thank you , for everything you , senator stabenow
thank you for your outspoken service , ms brownley !
al franken is a liar and a sicko libtard who has a dam full of hipocracy about to burst .
i know almost no dutch respects the usa , what it stand for and what it does .
but the best democracy is canada .
so proud of you , my senator !
hey joel ... what do you think of cheri saying she would have an office in galesburg and then not having one ?
look at the crime rate ( shootings ) in chicago also look at their strict gun laws .
senator wyden , lisa lisa rockower , what can oregonians do to help you bring about this change ?
senator warren , we love you !
&quot; elizabeth warren got nearly $ 430,000 teaching at harvard &quot; http : / / www.masslive.com / politics / index.ssf / 2012 / 01 / elizabeth _ warren _ got _ nearly _ 43.html
thank you senator booker for helping to spawn unity and optimism .
vote for larsen .
trump is sexist : yet hillary allows her husband to get away with sexual scandals and still stand by him .
oh and out of the $ 60 million that hillary has received she only donated 1 % to other democratic politicians .
vermont is what everyone calls &quot; ding-a-ling land &quot; when bernie sanders is mentioned : http : / / therealrevo.com / blog / ? p = 126429
he was one of my favorites as are you elizabeth warren .
love you and we thank you very much .. now come back to washington state and get some rest.ps.i seen you fighting for whats right.go patty go .
elizabeth , you rock ! !
thanks you senator schumer for all your hard work !
let &apos;s permanently bag those divisive , fascist tea baggers and take our government back from the vocal minority ...
presumptuous of you dws ; this is just a long weekend in chicago .
now will you please support my man bernie sanders ?
mrs warren , keep those hippocrites awayfrom us
with trump we all might as well drink a beaker of mercury .
suspect mrs. warren
predatory behavior is bi-partisan mikey , do i really need to go through the laundry list ?
well , i must say , keith nailed it in the last few sentences !
just wondering why you are not endorsing bernie sanders and instead are endorsing hillary clinton who has numerous incidents noted of fraudulent practices : hillary clinton voter fraud in hawaii , az , ny , ky and ia hillary supporter tries to throw away bernie ballots , blatant voter suppression .
as an advocate and researcher on labor issues , specifically low wage work issues i am so very concerned about this possibility
i think you can be a great mediator and powerful voice for unity and understanding , for peace and love .
democrats need to learn from republicans and join together with one voice the clear differences , and speak loudly !
i hope that tammy baldwin will do the same .
bravo carolyn maloney and new york
tammy duckworth
note : rep. debbie wasserman schultz &amp; rep.ileana.ros-lehtinen
and if she loses it will be because she was the wrong choice in 2016. and if clinton wins and if she wants my vote in 2020 she had better walk the walk .
you are bought by pharma .
yet every poll shows that bernie always beats trump .
tammy is a true inspiration , not just for women , not just as a disabled vet , but for all americans .
thank you , senator , for your hard work on our behalf , and especially for your strong leadership on human rights issues .
diversity my ass .
hatred in america in 2012 ... hatred is taught geration to generation ... and all the haters vote for romney , what does that say ? ? ?
thank-you senator gillibrand .
blue gold - world water wars part one of 9 http : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = vlp1znjsixc
and besides - you let people die rather than accept the risk of using imported drugs .
need to replace joe walsh asap !
get yourself together and vote right ..... with trump in office , we &apos;re not playing around with you state representatives .
tell me how dangerous these drugs are that come in packaging with the manufacturers name on it can be .
peace is important but we lived in a messy world .
there sure are an inordinate number of warren haters here .
actions speak louder than words mr. booker and your actions are not those of the people but of the corporate military industrial complex .
this is not a take your &quot; ball and head home situation &quot; i ask you to take the higher ground and represent the state of nh proudly .
sadly , hillary is no better than trump .
this isn &apos;t supposed to be a democracy .
amy i really love you but please put your efforts into gun control .
i hope elizabeth warren didn &apos;t really say this .
check your science , madame senator .
how could you tell it was from elizabeth warren it know one could read it .
thank you patty for being a great senator !
i &apos;m concerned and upset that you voted against people &apos;s interest and in spite of the long-known knowledge that the same drug is available for much less next door than the unethically high prices here in the u.s. so spare me your limited platitudes .
i think you are protecting the pharmaceutical industry &apos;s profits because many of them are based in nj .
did she see the protesters yesterday ?
have you seen the right wing supporters bashing trump supporters faces in and rioting in the streets ? .. attacks veterans ! ! ! ! ? ?
you voted to cut snap benefits !
vote bernie sanders !
i think you should follow hillary clinton , s lead and go and be part of the transition of power .
all trump supporters are seriously delusional .
good for you , beth cooper van doleysworth !
guns don &apos;t kill people , people kill people and the weakest among them manifest themselves in these tragic situations with whatever weapon they choose .
thank you ag harris !
trump and his staff are so dumb they had to have 3 people attend the &quot; intelligence &quot; briefing .
hillary must be his twin sister
then why did you vote to weaken fda scrutiny of new drugs last month ?
i am asking you to step outside of that unfair image of ohio and cosponsor s.1214 to protect the food supply of americans and foreigners from fda identified toxins in horse meat .
sounds to me like you &apos;re putting your career before the country &apos;s needs because i &apos;m sure you &apos;re well aware that backing bernie will cost you support from the clinton following .
# no trump for president .
caucused in tacoma - i hope you will consider casting your super delegate vote for sanders , as he was the local favorite ! !
thank you , senator jeff merkley .
murray has been there too long &amp; needs to be replaced surely she has saved enough millions of dollars from her 100,000 plus salary by now .. real funny how the crooks in dc are such good savers .
thanks amy for looking out for fairness ! ! ! ! ! !
i was unable to get mental health services ( counseling ) even though the benefit was included in my medicare advantage plan .
pardon my noticing , ms. stabenow , but you never answered my question : why did you ok ndaa ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
you indeed represent me ( a native long islander ) and my foreign born , multiracial , multilingual , multinational , special needs 13 year old daughter .... and we will be at the nyc march as well !
ca ag harris has already decided the constitutionality of this dilemma .
you rock , tammy ! !
i hope this includes mental health claims .
happy b-day from downtown brandywine hundred !
million woman march on washington
i am so proud of you senator kaine and our state - you did well in pushing her to answer your questions which she was not able to do !
in fact , as american citizens who admire him are showing us by their acts of violent racism and prejudice against a number of different minority populations , we are already experiencing the beginnings of a rough time .
he &apos;s a dbag , sure , but weren &apos;t u the champion of everything she isn &apos;t ?
keep it going vote pallone 2010 for congress .
i &apos;m a long time advocate for hillary but her going is weird too , it &apos;s russia &apos;s party .
my mexican mother always said , hablando se entiende la gente , diplomacy , still looks today .
cory you have to stand up for our epa and esa , our wildlife , public lands and water must be protected from trump and his cabinet .
why did cory vote to prevent cheaper prescription drugs for everyone ?
the only thing that matters in this election is defeating the racist , white supremacist ideology embodied by trump .
and can we add equal access to health care for all women regardless of their economic status ?
truly a class act , we will all miss her .
thank you senator schumer , for opposing trump &apos;s nominees , especially devos .
pray for bernie
that does not make him bad , that makes him a nj politician .
if each ( 3 million plus ) of us sign this petition to the entire electoral college membership , and ask them to get another 3 each to sign , and on and on , we could have signatures exceeding the total number of people who voted for all canidates in the presidential election .
we need to stop more democrats of voter fraud
thank you for working so hard to represent us .
thank you .... called your office today and senator schumer .
me too , thank you !
chuck , i am not going to attack some of your recent decisions and i have always supported you .
thank you for speaking the truth about this bill ron .
agree 100 % , thank you senator shaheen for all you do for us , your tireless efforts are appreciated .
now please stand alongside him by skipping the inauguration .
i thought minnesota would be better than this .
go trump 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸
thank you , you &apos;re a true hero .
if you had the guts to endorse bernie in the primaries , we wouldn &apos;t be in this mess .
nice message from warren and very unexpected but she needs a civics lesson on the importance of the electoral college .
what about the 14th amendment jared huffman ?
congratulations to you too , senator !
congratulations ms. attorney general !
the democrat party is synonymous with red tape .
so proud that you represent minnesota doing bipartisan work !
she &apos;s so wonderful .
just dead people who cares guns are more importation
i can &apos;t even comment on this it just angers me how little respect these protesters have for the peoples in their community by not wanting to protect it
we have experience with otc drugs in canada , &amp; a couple of encounters with the canadian health care system ... all good !
the numbers of white women victims of black rape are about ten times the rate of americans being seriously wounded in iraq .
go deeper , more hateful and insulting !
too bad you voted against lowering prescription drug cost .
2020 will be here before you know it .
happy hannakuh mr. franken !
debbie , you have only your party to blame by ruining the economy of detroit with your socialist misandrist policies you sent businesses fleeing its your fault its your parties fault that your state is no longer competitive you democrats ruined it .
chuck , it shouldn &apos;t be a problem for men big enough to handle it .
mr. booker you should run for president next ...
we know violence begets violence and happens to be extremely profitable , as it feeds security , surveillance , weapons , energy and finance industries , while undermining our collective futures ... do we then want this negative momentum to continue to reduce our potential to be intelligent , inventive and peaceful ?
thank you keith ellison for being there for us
so what is your problem , or is it that any thing that trump does will offend your liberal democratic views !
i encourage sen. amy klobuchar to stand up to powerful interests working to weaken the clean air act and protect public health and the environment .
seems odd how many &quot; progressives &quot; love the idea of welcoming a culture and people who legally beat , torture , and rape women and kill others for being homosexual .
please , senator richard blumenthal , keep reaching out to your republican colleagues and see if you can talk some sense into them .
get a grip on yourself elizabeth warren
show me the dead and injured canadians from bad prescriptions .
thank you debbie for fighting the fight .
i am asking you on a woman to woman level .
would have been nice if whole foods would have supported the california proposition to label all genetically modified foods .
canadians do not seem to be suffering from bad drugs .
we need to start a movement for hillary to choose you as her running mate !
but since their puppet masters : monsanto , big pharma and soros are pushing this .... they will vote for it !
walk with god , elizabeth !
professor warren , i must respectfully point out that in the last debate with scott brown that your own policy disagreed with the president &apos;s policy on afghanistan .
as a woman , i am tired of the sexism i have had to endure professionally and personally .
i must differ with joe martyn .
this woman is disgusting
what a wonderful reminder to all of us .
thank you for all your hard work and fighting the good fight on our behalf .
yeah for amy and al !
clearly trump supporters commit far , far less crimes then those who would support hillary or bernie .
hillary is a terrible campaigner , with so much baggage .
glad you had a good birthday , senator warren .
muslims have not enriched life in minnesota and have practically ruined willmar , mn .
thank you senator klobuchar !
proud to have you represent mn !
as a 22 year military veteran , you do not speak for me as a citizen of the state of oregon .
shouldn &apos;t elizabeth be fighting for women &apos;s privacy rights in the restrooms and locker rooms .
get the facts first please before inciting more anger ! ! !
yes earl blumenauer ! ! ! !
please join the effort to curtail steve bannon &apos;s role in our government .
love you eluzabeth warren and all thatbyou stand for .
i am proud of cleaver for his vote to uphold separation of church and state .
keith , you were elected to represent me and the people of minnesota .
how can we make college more affordable for middle class families ?
i have a number of friends muslims and others , the right wing bible thumper is the worst ..
it &apos;s important to keep pushing back against those who are promoting oligarchy to fight for the middle class .
thank you for standing up for those of us who need this medication for our children .
i don &apos;t want to be eating china &apos;s arsenic chicken and china doesn &apos;t want our gmo frankenfoods .
sf rocks !
in 1872 , woodhull was the first female to run for president of the united states . &quot;
don &apos;t insult your constituency by trying the big pharma line about making sure they are good drugs .
you are one terrific woman , and i want you in office badly !
congratulations hillary clinton for cheating .
thank you , senator merkley ! !
i am very sad and sick of these events but sometimes we tend to ignore those hate spewing bastards and the direction they are sending their minions to carry out their hate , until it comes knocking on our doors .
please work with bernie sanders and hold his feet to the fire .
sheila jackson has got to be the dumbest retarded cunt on the face of the earth !
senators can champion more than one cause at once , linsee .
nh wind watch special event &quot; issues with wind power in new england &quot; presented by ben luce , ph.d. newfound regional high school jan . 18 at 7pm new hampshire wind watch is hosting ben luce , ph.d. assistant professor of physics and sustainability studies at and a longtime wind advocate .
patty i don &apos;t know how you got on my feed .... but our country has been going down the wrong path for 20 years .
please recognize the damage that has been done by the dnc .
i &apos;m sure some of your pharma buddies will be there too .
a gay man and a gay woman should be allowed to marry .
my son &apos;s are 15 , and 17. trump might get us into a huge world war iii .
debbie , i find it amazing that you never post anything about politics ........ unless it &apos;s for your own campaign .
thanks for doing the right thing , rick !
i certainly do not want to have to bail out the big banks again so i want glass steagall reinstated and all parts of dodd-frank strengthened - and this is just to protect the american public from big banks , wall st and insurance companies .
meanwhile , gmo free new york continues to push for a state gmo labeling law , with or without gillibrand &apos;s support .
if you elizabeth run for vp and run our nation with hillary we are in good hands .
i &apos;ve always been proud to call you my representative--your decision affirms that : )
elizabeth who do you think you are we the people have voted for donald trump and are quite satisfied with our decision !
i &apos;m proud and pleased you are one of our wa state senators !
senator murray - demand a recount of the 2016 election results - there is a serious problem that must be investigated !
hau &apos;oli makahiki hou tulsi 😄 !
nice work jared !
you know don , this entire argument reminds me of the backlash that your girl sarah palin received when she was nominated as vp .
cost negotiations of drugs manufactured in the state should be a priority .
they &amp; people like elizabeth warren are what`s wrong with this country due to their blatant ignorance ....
we are also the victims of waiting for slow processing and long interviews with no results for many of us .
i just looked at some of the comments from the thread and one thing was clear , almost all of the hateful comments come from people who live outside your district .
tell them you will under one condition , they make bernie prez ; ) thank you for your principled courage .
al , i love you , and have contributed to your campaign even from nc , but i am very disappointed in your decision to back hillary instead of listening to your constituents .
thank you for all the wonderful work that you do for everyone ... proud to have you as our senator .
i am so proud of what hillary accomplished .
you made a big mistake voting against bernie &apos;s bill ! !
thank you , and the same to you and yours !
sheldon , just saw your speech on sessions - you got to be kidding me .
well senator franken , a great deal of bloviation has been created by this election .
hold his feet to the fire , elizabeth !
we appreciate all your efforts , especially helping our well deserved military men &amp; women .
elizabeth warren , when are you gonna run ?
rep. pallone is my congressman and i &apos;m not going anywhere !
and president bannon too &#91; &#91; photo &#93; &#93;
the democratic party used to be for the working family .
senator chuck schumer you stated the other day that the statue of liberty is crying from trump &apos;s so called ban on muslim immigrants .
if a black person or someone of any other race falls victim to discrimination or any sort of harm at the hands of whites , it is never called racism to publicize the issue .
i hope you have an amazing trip .
why do the certain right-wing rich need extra help to make money ?
i &apos;m with you kamala .
well said mr. booker .
# boycott inauguration ! ! !
i see a lot of people refusing to see racism !
i am from washington state rick larsen is seeing his last days in office ... washingtonians are very upset .
patty , you have done sooo much for our state .
clueless claire .
thank you , sen. kamala harris
just one swing state recount that show the vote numbers to be wrong could put an end to dt and his pack of dogs .
now let &apos;s get back to calling a racist a racist , and the struggle against trump begins .
and thanks to gov.rick &quot; epic fail &quot; snyder and the corrupt michigan republican majority in lansing not too many people will be casting ballots for repugs anytime soon .
you &apos;re saying the same thing that big pharma lobbyists do when it comes to importing drugs .. the money you &apos;ve taken from big pharma shows where you stand .
thanks for th news amy .
start thinking about 2020. call elizabeth warren !
amy klobuchar never ceases to amaze me .
all existing enforcement remedies – including action by the u.s. department of labor – are available to workers if an employer fails to pay cash wages for overtime hours or unreasonably refuses to allow workers to use accrued comp time .
hey big rick : ) just a reminder not to ignore the will of the people who elected you .
elizabeth , if hillary clinton is the nominee , trump will win and all of president obama &apos;s hard work will be lost .
i love you sen. cory booker
thanks ron for all your work on the agreement , i am proud to have a rep. who will cross party lines .... give charlie dent a thank you from wisconsin for me .
cory booker you voted against a bill that would reduce drug costs ?
all senators who vote for a compromise bill introduced by monsanto money grabbers stabenow and roberts are committing political suicide !
if you want to beat trump , you should endorse bernie .
thanks chellie for your continued leadership on this critical issue and for representing the good , hard-working people of miaine in these struggling economic times .
no democrats acting badly or being un-holy trolls .
democrats keep your heads in rectal defilade .
or you just don &apos;t have the following that bernie has !
vermont has dedicated moneys to help offset this but the requirements are not favorable to start-ups ( though they were supposed to be ) .
or how about letting law abiding citizens who have a conceal and carry , carry their guns whenever they please ?
any man who allows and encourages violence at his rallies , and offers to pay a white man &apos;s legal fees for punching a black man , is clearly racist .
frank guinta has to do what his &quot; constituents &quot; want , and we aren &apos;t them .
you &apos;re truly gonna be missed mr. frank .
i am proud to have you be my representative in congress .
cory , you need to be president .
he didn &apos;t represent corporate interests over the interests of the people of the state of minnesota .
hillary &apos;s is getting indicted so she &apos;s out ...
trump has choices .
read carefully -- she just endorsed bernie without officially endorsing him ( for those of you who are worried about where she stands ) .
what we &apos;ve learned is it doesn &apos;t matter how bad these nominees are .
mahalo senator it is comforting to know you are on it .
please block this man , bannon
trump has remained consistent his entire career .
oppose the strong confederate and known racist jeff sessions .
let &apos;s rock this run !
if you commit to not taking any more money from big pharma , i &apos;ll support you .
as an aside senator , the name of the federal holiday we are celebrating is christmas &amp; it is okay to call the federal holiday by name ... isn &apos;t it ?
giving fathers / male caregivers the same opportunity to parent is a big part of the gender equality equation .
go ahead and explain why you voted against senator sanders &apos; amendment to protect us consumers from the predatory practices of the pharmaceutical industry .
gracias , madam &apos; senator &apos; to-be ! !
statements of condemnation and finger pointing solves nothing and isn &apos;t the nh way .
please do the right thing and pledge your support for the only progressive candidate in the race .
warren , what &apos;s the matter , afraid of losing the $ from all the deep pockets buying you ! ? !
you are a dynamic speaker and you have the kind of dedicated patriotism we need in the democratic party and in the white house .
any person or political party who can accept or justify any level of bigotry , racism and sexism will never earn my respect or support .
by investing in local goals -- education , infrastructure -- we provide to the world a model to emulate that war simply cannot provide .
senate democrats blocked legislation that would punish &quot; sanctuary cities &quot; in a 54-45 vote monday afternoon .
i &apos;m laughing my ass off at you bernie supporters .
thank you , senator warner , thank you so much .
and you will continue to vote for big pharma .
good work , senator amy !
democrats , liberals and progressive swallow .
senator wyden , thank you for this post .
face the fact debbie this isn &apos;t the same usa we grew up in when we could go to the park and spend the day .
i think he is right and i could add so much more about our women !
tears are running down the cheeks of justicia because of your opposition which jeopardizes the lives of those living on u.s. soil .
i wish you and your family kirsten , happy new , i pray that , this year will be a year of fruitfulness , promotion , protection , divine provision , divine health , love , joy , happiness , laughter , ...........................
so many vehicles are used improperly by people who drink , then drive , and kill more people yearly than gun violence .
a list of bill &apos;s women .
thanks for representing minnesota on national news with your shout out about fergus falls marching band ! ! !
way to mansplain , sherrod !
at a deeper level , both parties need an economic program that can deliver middle-class jobs .
scott brown is a disgrace to the us senate and the people of massachusetts .
as always , thanks for your time , carol delahoyde
i and the indivisible community thank you !
i am 63 without ins because mn care says we make to too much and other ins says we make to little .
thank you cory booker for continuing to say what needs to be said .
boycott nestle products and shoot them an e -mail telling them why .
until you show a ny backbone and not vote for his nominees do you really have anything to bitch about ?
thank you for speaking up for women and families .
its time for you to publicly endorse u.s. senator bernie sanders
greatest democracy on the planet ? ? ?
rick wants military families to count on support in the communities in which they live , so he worked with other local leaders to keep open the women , infants , and children ( wic ) office on nas whidbey island .
hrc was wrong to honor you as a champion of equality , and we will not forget .
yes , i fully expect that senator elizabeth warren now leading the cause to turn the senate around as only need 4 to do that .
congrats to women everywhere ! !
i &apos;m greatly distressed by the fear and war-mongering - and those are the loudest voices .
disappointed that you didn &apos;t support senator sanders &apos; effort and others in taking a stand against the pharmaceutical industry high cost of prescription drugs b h voting for the importation of drugs .
you rock ms. warren
that &apos;s why hilary needs a strong , really strong , running mate .
if warren thinks he is bad , then i need to rethink my support and maybe get behind trump .
yet you won &apos;t even endorse bernie , the man who can actually beat trump handily .
supporting bernie sanders in the primary is to correct way to represent your constituents .
vote no on cabinet nominees .
we still need you jon .
thank you for continuing to work hard for those of us in washington state that believe that humans are entitled to health care .
mrs klobuchard the best in minnesnowta
worked at the minneapolis club for 42 years , retiring in 2012. dolores loved playing cribbage , cards , going up north , crafting and was famous for her cookie baking and candy making .
why do you think he couldn &apos;t even take wi .
what about the real issues and of course , wait until the shady lady gets roasted by trump .
thanks , senator coons !
all the kkk talk is bs , madame senator you shouldn &apos;t sink to such trivial lows &gt; &gt; &gt; you diminish yourself and stature .
disregarding that marriage is a function of religion ... civil union a function of govenment
you would be a much more desirable woman for president !
please pay attention to the kkk in oregon .
let us go back to the endless pharmaceutical commercials
i &apos;m asking you to co-sign senator bennet &apos;s public option letter today .
let &apos;s ignore the fact that lewis said trump is not a legitimate president essentially undermining his authority and leading the way for others to disregard him as president as well .
your decision not to attend the inaugural ceremony is respected by me .... you have my vote
thank you for that &lt; 3
seniors depend on these safety nets .
you are an invaluable role model for all of the usa senator warren .
i &apos;m hoping for a bernie sweep of california and new jersey !
people with mental illness don &apos;t all need to be committed !
.... when all of you haters are done , hillary will be next potus .... seem to remember the same blah blah blah back in &apos; 08 &amp; &apos; 12 ... oh one more thing , math never lies !
it is too bad that as a christian or a tea party member one is still targeted and discriminated against by progressive democrats and republicans .
my only consolation is that i was able to vote for elizabeth warren !
no pruitt either ! ! !
hopefully you can find some young firey dems to support for local races in ny .
&#91; ... &#93; the safety excuse is mostly a chimera , as most of the drugs that would be imported from canada were originally manufactured in the united states ; they &apos;re just cheaper there , because the canadian government uses a review board and price negotiation to make drugs more affordable .
we need hillary to move more to the left ! !
we shall overcome on making reasonable gun reform .
i hope hillary picks you as her v.p.
you are one heckuva a good senator / leader and i am very happy nys has recognized that .
cory booker you need to announce today you will not take one more penny from any pharmaceutical corporation .
this mba / cpa nasty woman is at your service me &apos;lady !
mr. kaine , please do not let that lady in !
thank you for having a backbone , senator !
lost my vote for re-election by voting against sanders , when will your lot learn that going against sanders is not what the people want .
stop talking ( d ) ron wyden , you are part of the problem .
then don &apos;t support &quot; her &quot; because she is a fear monger while trump is a hate monger .
if you read anything , read up on nestle and water rights .
hillary has had a hand in killing a whole lot more people in this narrative than trump .
trump must address his numerous conflicts of interest before being sworn in .
thank you for representing us at this terrifying time .
general robert e lee , general jonathan thomas &quot; stonewall &quot; jackson , general james ewell brown stuart and yes , general nathan bedford forrest .
congressman pascrell , i was discriminated against while working as a letter carrier with the u.s. postal service ( usps ) .
senator murray , under your stewardship our government has been experiencing trillion + dollar growth to our national debt , 7 years in a row !
scott brown another neanderthal intent on crushing women &apos;s rights .
-supporting coons here in iowa
cory you don &apos;t need activism to pay your rent .
i hope one day i understand your motives in remaining silent during this primary .
you all playing d vs r are wasting your time as you are both being robbed blind by pallone and his colleagues while they turn a blind eye to the loss of your purchasing power .
you need to run for governor , debbie !
what happened to joseph hildebrandt ?
maybe if you publicly stood behind bernie , more super delegates would come to his side .
how about the so-called rev.
elizabeth warren for president , 2020
i regret that progressives such as yourself and elizabeth warren didn &apos;t back bernie sanders and haven &apos;t called out the blatant corruption in the dnc .
how appropriate we celebrate the union labor movement by not working .
the nine republicans posing as democrats : michael bennet of colorado , tom carper of delaware , bob casey of pennsylvania , joe donnelly of indiana , heidi heitkamp of north dakota , joe manchin of west virginia , claire mccaskill of missouri , jon tester of montana and mark warner of virginia .
you &apos;re dead to me , al franken .
student loans and containing our involvement in iraq to avoid mission creep ( again ) .
i support common sense gun laws !
yea ...... so excited it is official now that rick won ! ! ! ! !
not happy nh resident .
very disappointing from someone who &apos;s anti-drone and pro-hemp ( which makes me think gmo hemp now ) .
racism has been bred in this country for capitalistic gain .
if you are at all near nyc today , can i suggest joining your congressional colleagues and going to jfk to fight and stand up against the atrocity happening against our american democracy and values ?
you will shine senator murray , good luck !
just askin &apos; ... thanks for all you do , senator ... bringing some nice suits to dress for success in albany this week , thanks to your communication regarding things that truly help people out ...
rip rabbi
i wish you would have run but bernie allingns with you thoughts pretty well .
the dnc needs to drop their love affair with the clinton &apos;s and make serious consideration of senator sander &apos;s continuing campaign .
kirsten , many of us are heartbroken .
so the people are protesting and what are state , fed reps going to do ?
i will not , can &apos;t stop working for common sense gun laws .
thank you elizabeth for campaigning to be a real voice for these men and women in the senate .
thank you , senator booker , for being the very picture of resolution and the very essence of integrity .
a democracy is two wolves and a lamb voting on dinner !
here &apos;s what you need to know : the bill preempts vermont , connecticut , maine and alaska &apos;s gmo labeling laws and prevents any other states from passing similar legislation .
let &apos;s teach mental health strategies , too .
i had tears in 2009 -20017 but i didn &apos;t play the drama queen .
50 years ago today democrats of virginia lined the potomac between dc and virginia to make sure none of the blacks at the march dared to enter va. amazing how you have rewritten the god awful history of the treatment of the african americans by the democrats .
you are doing great amy keep it up .
i consider them to be opponents of democracy .
where is the democracy ?
the choice of a woman &apos;s birth control is still between her and her doctor .
thank you for this lovely comment regarding community grounds : coffee &amp; meeting house founder , joel cosme , jr. for more information on his big dreams for the south side of columbus , please visit our kickstarter page : https : / / www.kickstarter.com / projects / joelcosmejr / community-grounds-coffee-and-meeting-house &#91; &#91; video _ share _ highlighted &#93; &#93;
greetings from germany ; we &apos;re sure hoping you get a new progressive movement going over there .
despite having the best medical it and some of the most dedicated staff , when the va became a cabinet post , it &apos;s troubles began .
thank you for your hard work and service .
states should certainly have the right to democratically enact laws to label gmos .
alongside women &apos;s pay being unequal , there is a much more frightening issue of a deregulated wall street causing a general wage gap in the entire country .
yes , thank you senator !
thank you , richard blumenthal .
the democratic party machine has one clear path : support bernie who has the most chances of defeating trump .
ron wyden should get on board with this .
typical liberal pawn on day one pushing the democratic agenda .
it &apos;s been democrat supporters that have been the one causing all of the violence .
our own fda has not proven to be very good at protecting us from dangerous medication .
i will also attend the women &apos;s march on washington before returning to congress to serve the interests of my constituents during the presidency of donald trump . &quot;
bernie and elizabeth must run on the same platform .
but you voted against importing cheaper drugs from canada .
well , alveda king stands against warren &apos;s outright lunacy .
elizabeth , when are you going to come out and back bernie sanders !
look at how your democratic party is acting !
cowards also vote against the health of the american people because big pharma bribed them .
i have to agree with chief warren that trump was out of line there if actually suggesting physical violence .
merry christmas al &amp; thank you for standing up to the right-wing forces of evil in our congress .
you and senator warren should be ashamed of yourselves !
hilary is not a viable alternative ! ! ! ! ! !
.... applause to you , amy !
congratulations senator gillibrand .
mentally ill go w / o treatment .
as a mental health professional , it is difficult to end therapy with a client because they are unavailable to see me because they are on medicare .
question .. who would you rather have , trump or hillary ?
how does it feel mrs. stabenow .
tell &apos; em elizabeth ! !
ellison also took time on his trip to meet with dr. ahmad mohamed ali , the president of a saudi arabia-based bank that funnels millions of dollars to the families of palestinian suicide bombers in israel .
thanks senator ron wyden !
thank you , congresswoman for your thoughtfulness and reminding us that it is a blessing to give .
hatred and fear are the most powerful motivators .
thanks al franken !
warren 2020 , yes ?
al , you were much more diplomatic than i was when i emailed them directly today ........
right on , elizabeth
hobby lobby is against the abortion pill .
you are an excellent representative for minnesota as well as the nation !
also , since costs rise as beneficiaries age , a medicare equivalent plan will become less affordable to the same beneficiary as she gets older .
thank you senator warner , we need a voice of sanity .
now sherrod , honor those who serve currently by ending the wars , the foreign entanglements , and bring every last one of our troops home .
yeah but hillary ?
if we are going to ban assault weapons then we should ban them for everyone including law enforcement .
that &apos;s why i teach females to love stem , and i plan on starting an all female robotics team next year .
we don &apos;t need traitorous democrats in washington state .
phone 800-724-2440. thank you - al franken can &apos;t seem to care about regular people anymore .
change is scary miss warren .
keith ellison i &apos;m not living in minnesota but i have a circumstance i would like to discuss .
we needed a stronger new and fresh face for the democratic ticket .
thank you amy for supporting another unconstitutional obamaism in your continuing efforts to rape and pillage the workers of this once great nation .
and how appropriate you are teaming with n.d. &apos; s john hoeven -- both mn and nd have teams who have qualified to compete in first &apos;s world championships in st. louis next month -- including mn eagan team 2220 , mn duluth team 2512 and nd northwood team 876 !
a peaceful ramadan to you , sir .
unfortunately , the naysayers will always cry and whine for the sake of crying and whining .
if straight people can marry their partners , then lgbt folks should not be denied the same right .
dear representative keith ellison , please co-sponsor bipartisan house resolution 752 and support congressman alcee l. hastings now you see ... more and more people involve an this house resolution 752. we will never give up on this and we will fight for it until it &apos;s over .
i don &apos;t know why you decided not to run for president , ms. warren , but at this point there isn &apos;t a whole lot you can do to stop trump sitting on the sidelines .
i &apos;ve seen more anti-trump violence than pro-trump .
the roads and infrastructure are a similar issue .
and happy birthday to you and baby !
hatred , bigotry , racism and ignorance / anti-intellectualism is alive and well in america !
doggett does the right thing .
and sneaky snyder and his cronies should be in prison for this
thanks for you caring thoughts .
same to you too senator !
&quot; regulatory reform &quot; that will encourage more reckless behavior by banks and continue to allow them to get rich concealing their misdeeds ( and forcing taxpayers to pay the consequences ) .
ty for your service as well tammy and for your continued service to making this the best country in the world .
people are too silent .
so sad about the racism , , all i saw was a intelligent , beautiful woman from new york !
thank you for fighting the good fight , ms. warren .
happy holidays my friend ...
your father would be so proud of you for all your hard work and for fighting for what is right and humane .
i own over a dozen guns , including guns with high capacity magazines , assault type weapons etc .
the u.s.a. needs to get a handle on pharmaceutical prices .
i have voted for you in the past , but i cannot in good conscience vote for someone who places corporate interests above citizens rights .
she &apos;s no different than hillary
are the drugs i take that have been manufactured in china and sold at wal-mart safe ?
when i moved out planned parenthood was there for me with the take charge program and provided me with my regular check ups ( cervical cancer runs in my family ) and the medication i needed .
and thanks to congressman schrader for the generous offer to support oregonians in need .
thanks for moving our country forward , amy !
keep at it tulsi .
we need you as dnc chair !
mr. wyden please do everything in your power to block trump &apos;s scotus nominee .
great details - mahalo for sharing your insights !
keith puts into action that which i believe .
just oregon .
( 3 ) - for this usa will have to ensure that india remains genuinely secular as mentioned in http : / / www.pakistanchristianpost.com / viewarticles.php ? editorialid = 2172 .
elizabeth - why don &apos;t you replace harry reid as minority leader , and forgo the anointment traditions of whip-in-waiting ?
thanks for sharing your affection and well wishes for a great man senator .
thank you senator klobuchar for helping the seniors .
there comes a time when you might want to vote to help people get prescription drugs at a lower cost , but you obviously don &apos;t think that time is now .
i seem to remember the protesters in the 1960s getting into lots of trouble for inciting crowds to sit-in , to march , and whatever .
last week , he left the door open to torture ... as a member of congress , he repeatedly appeared on the radio program hosted by anti-muslim activist frank gaffney , and has portrayed the war on terror as a conflict between islam and christianity . &quot;
i am very proud of gillibrand also .
by deduction , bernie is the only remaining candidate who is acceptable based on your other comments .
i agree with the marriage equality due to everyone has the right to marriage .
if hillary clinton is u.s president hillary clinton investigates graft and corruption in tax collection .
just don &apos;t forget the black communities burdens of having police like the racist cops in text meaages in san francisco .
like it or not , he is now our president and these childish moves you are making is why you should not represent the great state of oregon as you do not represent all your constituents , only the democrats .
thank you mr. kaine for your words of hopefulness .
democrats lost because because you were too mainstream ( moderate / republican ) and didn &apos;t mobilize the base ( completely shut down bernie supporters ) .
that is what makes us boston strong
please move forward to investigate president-elect &apos;s financial records .
bernie sanders received 72.7 % of the washington vote .
big pharmacy paid corey booker $ 385,000 in contributions for that vote .
wow its going to be interesting forc him to fight with liz warren when hes president .
frank you are quickly going to have to decide weather to spend your millions or bank it for your retirement ......
we look forward to continuing to work with you to support and encourage you and the women &apos;s caucus that you so strongly drive and support .
thank you senator elect markey !
; ^ ) keep up the good work , debbie !
amy , can you give us any thoughts on the monsanto or big agri &quot; dark act &quot; which will prevent efforts by citizens to have these large corporations label if a product is gmo and pesticide ridden products ?
tell it , mr governor !
progressive caucus is double the size of the &quot; tea party caucus . &quot;
reminds me of the west wing episode where the fictional character was a senator from mn and he stood there on the floor for days reading from a recipe book and such ... you are right.that is how it should be .
happy new year to you and yours , mrs warren !
greater los angles veteran &apos;s hospital i can get a box of drugs for free , but i have to buy a box of groceries
i know senator carl levin as he is from michigan and we need to have a stop elder and guardianship abuse conference in every state of the union as these crimes against the elderly have become a national epidemic .
kamala d. harris for president 2016 !
i hope you run for president and win elizabeth , we need a woman president who will whip this country into shape !
she was a classy woman .
tammy is one of the few in dc who actually gets it ! ! ! !
booo your a sell out think with mote than your vagina vote jill over hill
great job , kyrsten !
we are a republic , not a democracy &amp; i applaud your grace .
even though i &apos;m not a new yorker , i love you kirsten gillibrand !
way to go sen tester , so proud you are our senator ! !
please support bernie sanders in lieu of your candidacy .
u r the little mans champion keith .
stop the drones ..... camp.ripley has a 4 million $ $ $ $ training center and is coordinating with northland college and deed to bring the larger drones ( reapers ... predators ... global hawks .. etc ) into camp by fall.2015 when the national airways are open to flying drones .... to repair and service them at camp .
e w big mistake was not sticking up for bernie sanders ....... she picked the wrong candidate to back .......
) , but i &apos;ve been a fan since you replaced sen. clinton in 2008. keep up the fantastic work !
ambert alert is over now , chuck schumer found a microphone !
as the leading recipient of wall st donations amongst democrats .
you can say that it &apos;s about safety all you want , but that &apos;s a hard sell when the money you &apos;ve accepted from pharmaceuticals is a matter of public record .
thank you carl &amp; debbie !
we need to get over this stigma of mental health issues and help those that need to be helped .
now we look like the home of the hateful with trump and his policy &apos;s .
what will they do about work place bullies and bullying ?
oh , senator warren .
also give credit to those local groups who are on the front lines rescuing those trafficked like albert lea citizens against human trafficking &amp; strength &amp; strength and dignity , inc. as well as the others thru out mn .
hoover , nixon , reagan , and gw bush had nominees blocked .
we really had a chance for something better with bernie .
thank you senator blumenthal , you are great in all ways .
as a person with disabilities and the parent of children with disabilities and with a career as a professional advocate for idea , 504 and the community medicaid waiver , i am proud of you .
ms. speier - you have my heart and my support as i too have been in your shoes !
so proud of you for your thoughtful considered stance .
thank you from the uk x x x
elizabeth warren .... it &apos;s the liberal democrats that are the violent protesters just look at all the places mr trump has been .... they are protesting and fighting with the police jumping on their cars and there is no such thing as illegal torture .... do what you have to to get information
im a poor american but know its mental health is the problem not the guns .
so proud you represent my district !
a cruel blow for oregon went the station went sports .
the same to you and your family and a healthy 2015
your superdelegate vite for hillary thwarts the voice of your constituency .
keep it going debbie !
thank you senator bennett ! !
way to go , sen. donnelly !
equal is equal .
hny liz
thank you rep. brown for taking a stand in not attending the inauguration .
good be on you congresswoman .
sen. booker - until you stop taking money from big pharma i just cannot believe your sincerity on this issue .
we work hard to bring arts and music to children at underserved schools in portland and we greatly appreciate the work you are doing to make the arts a core part of our education system once again .
i so agree with elizabeth warren .
let &apos;s eliminate the electoral college system .
just so we &apos;re clear i was at the early piscataway session in his th last summer and pallone could care less what his constituents said .
media reports 2 dead ... 45 injured ... from two explosions near the finish line of the boston marathon and another explosion at the jfk library ... there are other possible events .
this is skipping across the red brick wall to fascism .
don &apos;t hold your breath , u.s. senator elizabeth warren .
american schoolchildren are protected by regulations - building codes , school bus safety standards , cafeteria food for safety - the only thing we seem to be lax about are the things most likely to kill them .... how to regulate ?
e warren for president !
please consider not attending the same .
7. they oppose gay marriage .
thank you , senator schatz , for joining the ranks of the &quot; do somethings &quot; ( rather than the do-nothings ) on capitol hill .
thank goodness for ss survivor benefits .
when the kkk backs hiltery what does that tell you .
thank you for standing up to hate and injustice , senator .
mahalo rep gabbard for spreading aloha in the capitol .
if there isn &apos;t a demand to buy these guns at the gun shows or online , then the nra wouldn &apos;t have the power they have .
nothing seems normal , especially someone attacking john lewis for exercising his first amendment rights .
what would &apos;nt we do for a native new yorker ?
kudos to or , though , for leading with initiatives on higher minimum wage and voting rights .
ms warren , do you find that any blm statements incite violence ?
beto for pres !
more than 90 % of americans want to know whether or not their food is made with gmo ingredients .
thank you brad for standing up for a woman &apos;s right to choose .
st. stephens , streetworks collaborative , simpson , youth opportunity center and such .
not everyone in america is an american citizen ; that is why voter identification is so important , so it can stop voter fraud .
these people have done nothing to participate in the democratic process .
how about you head the drive to rid this country of the anachronism known as the electoral college elizabeth warren ?
( 20 plus years ) thank you for representing us by standing with dignity and john lewis rather than with billionaires , bigots and greed .
tears are running down my cheeks laughing at your disgraceful liberal ass .
hating that president trump won is not an excuse to do the crap you do !
same lizzy
another false characterization using big , scary words that are baseless , misrepresentations at best .
your superdelegate vote is not yours alone , it belongs to every person that voted for you .
i think you &apos;re full of shit .
carol is entitled to her opinion as are we all ... but part of who we are as americans is the peaceful transfer of power .
thank you congresswoman meng for standing with our ally in the middle east .
happy new year , suzanne !
maybe its time for a recall vote for people like warren .
please do not vote for the tpp .
the fda also needs an overhaul and needs to stop fast tracking drugs for money , which they have done for very long time .
we need more like tulsi gabbard .
paid actors sitting in elected delegate seats ?
that painting you painted as a cover photo is comparable to work of a retarded transvestite chimpanzee .
this political bs at the expense of our security , especially in new york city is just horrible .
senator elizabeth warren , thank you , you have just said it all ! !
happy valentines day kamala .
stand tall mr. booker !
thank you for your service , sen warner .
_ oregon shooter &apos;s mother was an avid gun enthusiast who stockpiled weapons for fear of confiscation _ details emerge painting a picture of a mother who armed and trained her disturbed son sophia tesfaye monday , oct 5 , 2015 09 : 54 am edt http : / / www.salon.com / 2015 / 10 / 05 / oregon _ shooters _ mother _ was _ an _ avid _ gun _ enthusiast _ who _ stockpiled _ weapons _ for _ fear _ of _ confiscation / ? utm _ source = facebook &amp; utm _ medium = socialflow
you &apos;re free associating again colleen .
trump voters forgot that wishing for something may actually come true .
coming to the women &apos;s march on washington from california and doing all i can after that !
just moved to mn .
so many trolls grinding their axes .
&quot; ... a corporation is not a person .
we seem quite complacent with law enforcement types using pepper spray against peaceful protestors .
that &apos;s nice , but why did you approve three of his cabinet picks .
and don &apos;t you be tossing any lime on earl , that mah boy .
the new laws will have no effect on gun violence .
oregon is with you !
congrats on your return to the senate and thank you for speaking out on this issue- like many others i am- for the first time in my life-terrified about the future of our country and am so very grateful that we still have your voice to speak truth to power .
she &apos;s like your best friend , girl next door , soemone who genuinely cares and passionately .
this is going to define you , mr. blumenauer .
tammy i hope you are illinois &apos; next senator .
tk4va a great richmond , va mayor a great governor of va a great chair of dnc and ... senator .
minnesota has more muslims traveling to the middle east and joining isis than any other state in the us .
it &apos;s time to vote you out wyden !
clinton was friends with the kkk leader !
just love elizabeth warren .
while everyone is looking at bannon what is rhinehold priebus doing ?
love usa women !
thank you for caring for all americans !
this is a sign elizabeth will be the dem nominee
all the way , mrs. warren !
thank you senator franken for your tireless efforts on behalf of all americans !
jacqui ross rose i am quoting you in saying the same-eloquent as always-and yes senator booker we are counting on you
knowing all this , there is no effing way i would order pills via mail from a canadian company , at least with how the regulations are now .
unless you speak up and want pay equality .
elizabeth warren , the only thing dangerous about trump is that your gravy train of tax payer money is about to end !
i appreciated your thoughtful response even though i posed the only off topic question of the night .
i believe that every gun has the potential to be an assault weapon when used inappropriately .
hopefully , you and elizabeth warren and bernie sanders can give congress hell for doing nothing the last 8 years .
among other persons in my life -- among other happenings in my life - i thank the voters of minnesota for having the brains to vote this caring man into office ! !
even i know that there is a real reason for the electoral college .... i didn &apos;t understand it for awhile but i think those who are in politics should definitely understand the reasons that the electoral college was formed in the first place .
we are lucky to have someone like amy klobuchar who knows what she can do and acts on it .
&quot; if now is not the time to have a serious discussion about gun control and the epidemic of gun violence plaguing our society , i don &apos;t know when is , &quot; rep. jerrold nadler , d-n.y. said in a statement .
thank you for all you do , senator debbie !
elizabeth warren is the only elected person in the history of washington dc who would get money and special interest out of politics and bring real equality for all americans .
this is a wonderful idea , senator , but please consider adding just one small thing ?
i am thankful you are joining in the support of rep. john lewis .
thank you so much for your great service .
you are an example to all and i am very grateful for your consistency and tireless efforts .
with what the democratic party is doing in regards to pushing hillary &apos;s ticket and constantly putting barriers to sanders , i see democratic party no longer a democracy .
kind of like the reason you aren &apos;t our friend huh corporate shill booker ?
as well as the candidate who oregon has voted and shown they wish to be the next democratic president .
shame on people like you for backing this corporate shill .
i hope to see vigorous debate on the still pending legislation and hopefully a passing of that bill ( with any corrections and / or additions necessary ) that really addresses all our need for lower cost but effective medication .
saw james garner in san francisco columbus day parade way back in 1967 .
i hope to one day vote for you ms warren as our first female president !
i hope that parents explain the fundamental process of the democratic process .
please continue to speak out on these important issues and resist trump .
punching people in the face , preaching violence and hateful rhetoric is not peaceful .
say no to war against syria responding to american &apos;s wish , voice and implementing what has always been taught about democracy .
volunteered and voted ... straight blue !
@ joe ... tea partiers are not for chaos and anarchy ... if fact , i believe they are wanting to avoid the same kind of riots and chaos we &apos;ve seen in europe , especially greece .
please , we really need help in rural minnesota .
very scary times we live in
aloha nui ( = *
chuck schumer-----where is your face at jfk airport----get out there and support these people---stand up----speak out------our just kiss butt of &quot; cheeto &quot; donald trump is not my president
thank you senator , for all you do , and we wish you a very very happy birthday !
hey elizabeth crow &apos;s foot , why don &apos;t you do a little rain dance and pray to the great spirit ?
you killed it on the floor talking about dark money though- keep it up !
elizabeth warren is a retard
thank you for caring about us , seniors .
then don &apos;t rest until assault weapons are banned !
then be u.s. senator bernie sanders running mate / vp !
we also need to improve our police training on how to deal with mentally ill and improve mental accessibility of good mental health care .
disappointed in your vote against the canadian importation drug bill corey booker , i was hoping you would be the democrat to shape the party moving forward .
rachel schultz
the way to do that is to endorse bernie sanders .
i &apos;m proud that you represent me !
will the pharmaceutical company still pay me ?
have to still watch for drugs made in china and india for export .
e. warren continue to say no to running for president and do your work in the senate
and after watching the dnc the last few days , and having seen the rnc last week .
right on , dick
i &apos;m on team doggett .
enough with the nationality thing , any legitimate arguments against ew that you can convey maturely ? ...
thank you senator gillibrand for standing up for your convictions .
thank you congresswoman diana degette for being a calm and conscientious voice for americans in need of health care .
the republicans and the democrats need to start working together .
i will call my representative in congress and voice my concerns and to let them know i find bannon unacceptable .
it will just leave innocent people vulnerable to the radical islamic terrorists : as in orlando , san bernadino , paris , and on .
thank you amy , from a former gop supporter , please keep fighting for minority rights but champion our need for improving fiscal policies and tax reform to help get our own house in order .
keep drinking the obama kool aid wyden , i hope oregon wakes up someday and vote you out of office .
where were those fake tears then ?
filibuster sessions .
thank you for your dedicated service senator murray .
happy veterans &apos; day , and thank you for your service .
elizabeth warren is a jackass liberal
ms. warren , i suggest you start with cleaning your own house before you worry about someone else &apos;s because there are far greater examples of racism and sexism in the democrat party .
they need to pass some comprehensive mental health care .
you can do it , amy .
congresswoman krysten sinema , you are finished !
you didn &apos;t do anything to help lower pharma drugs here .
i always saw your face , your smell felt a touch of warm hands , i just lived with dreams of you .
please make sure corporations pay their fair share .
i love your politics elizabeth warren but i don &apos;t like your choice in teams hahahaha .
you rock amy klobuchar ! !
sopa and pipa is not the way !
trump incites violence , , , trump potestors encite violence ...
this is not genocide , but a civil war in which both sides hate us .
this is the beginning , &quot; peter navarro , business professor at university of california , irvine , told cnn recently .
happy new year senator warren god bless you and just know we are listening to you thank you for being the voice of reason
voting for warren because she &apos;s a woman is just as dumb as those who voted for obama in 2008 just because he was black .
i am very disappointed in you , mr. booker !
! 👊 # weareone 👊 # bernieorbust # newamericanrevolution # berniesanders # marchonthednc we will win in the open election guys ! !
wake up debbie , you are part of the problem in washington .
thank you for standing up for america senator gillibrand .
i miss him amy , i was the grant count delegate for him then and just has we were almost done with our work and to get it signed he was passed .
i would ike to see resuts from al these promises made .
senator shaheen , i will never vote for you again .
you are so right tammy
please senator , i implore you to stall , object , resist and never vote for any of trump &apos;s current cabinet nominations .
thats smart peter !
same as you claire
she is like a hillary mini-me .
rick larsen is a crook .
when i see the idiot gillibrand have a refugee come stay with her then we &apos;ll listen to this political hack .
hope you inspire more young women to follow in your footsteps !
she is a strong advocate who could help your cause .
all the females in my history have been over 85 when they died and were still suffering from hot flashes ... i finally got mine under control after trying three otc and two prescriptions and i &apos;m 67 and have had no adverse affects after taking hrt for over ten years .
you are a stupid stupid woman
obama and frank had the last 5 years ... and look what they have done .
i totally agree with you , betty .
so proud of you cory !
well lets see some actions , the streets in seattle are at their worst !
so well said , as usual , thank you al .....
i love this man &apos;s thinking , confidence and hope in a better life for americans .
then endorse bernie , call him tell him you want vp .
thank you but please know that while this is a huge distraction steve bannon has gained access to the national security council this must be stopped now
al franken is my hero-
bravo sen. booker .
why do the democrats always ignore fannie and freddie mac and dodd / frank when talking about the financial failure in the mortgage and housing market we had , that was a major cause ....
yep it &apos;s a puzzle ... i mean his constituents want mr bannon
stay tough get aggressive thanks !
i ma not even from jersey , and am looking forward to you losing your seat !
both senators from tennessee got an earful from me this morning regarding this matter and censure of senator warren .
maybe we should vote for saint hillary or give you stuff away sanders .
wa state dems have spoken !
great ... now go endorse bernie .
let u.s know what we can do to help preserve our natural resources in the great lakes watershed .. &lt; &lt; &lt; &lt; * &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt;
disarmament - lets make it happen , for the victims of yesterday and today and for the well being of tomorrow &lt; 3
would really like if everyone got a better deal on prescription drugs ... not just seniors .
while women aren &apos;t allowed to drive in arab states , iran has regularly had women at high governmental positions ( vp for environmental protection in the current and past 4 cabinets , minister of health in the previous cabinet , etc ) .
people like you and the others refusing to attend the presidential inauguration this month , are unfit to serve in the position you have been blessed with .
it &apos;s time to tighten gun laws to prevent further tragedies like this !
i love what you have said here , @ cory booker .
we are so proud of you , tim kaine !
are you really going to sit in your cushy dc office and tell us how bad trump is ?
happy new year to you debbie .
i totally agree - please get it for us americans &amp; thanks congresswoman
please also oppose betsy de vos , scott pruitt and rick perry .
and especially as hillary won the popular vote .
rip , debbie smith .
rick , please help to figure out a way to go around those keeping our gov &apos;t shutdown .
agreed senator michael bennet .
christine and rick on route 66 !
good luck , but please tell us what streets to avoid .
i also feel sad for the innocent people who had automatic weapons pointed at them and thrown out of their homes &quot; for the greater good &quot; .
ramadan mubarak mr.ellison
i call bullshit as well , you &apos;ve sold out to pharma .
senator kaine i tried to email you but it didn &apos;t work what &apos;s with that ?
did upchuck schumer have tears for the victims of the boston marathon jihad bombing ?
safety is your concern ?
bernie is a frumpy old hippie who wants everything for free
bannon is the pres .
we must celebrate the successes and work through the issues of any big plan or change ; i truly do believe that .
you and your colleagues in the dems have never heard the saying &quot; don &apos;t go in a gun fight with a knife &quot; ?
descendant of earl or rabbit ?
we need better mental health systems , better public education , and a renewed war on poverty .
why would you , senator brown , want drones flying overhead in ohio ?
elizabeth , thank you for all you do for the people of this country ... your efforts support the haves , the have nots and everyone in between !
where are you , congressman gerry connolly ?
i doubt their corporate polices have changed .
community service , public education programs ... nutrition , family planning , early education ( to name a few ! )
thank you again , tammy , for your service and for your tremendous desire for continuing .
the excuse that drugs from canada are never as trustworthy as drugs from america has been used for decades .
thank you ❤
trump could have run as a democrat or independent .
donald &apos;s vision is thousands upon thousands of weak links .
there have been no progress in eight years .
chris , i am not voting for hillary clinton , she is the worst democratic candidate for president .
just ban the damn guns .
they deserve a huge parade in the streets of boston !
thank you , rep. green , for your service
so proud of these women .
i am so proud to have you as one of our great senators from mn .
it &apos;s interesting that matt torgerson is so out raged that amy and other democrats are focusing on the newton killings ( or should i say massacre ) .
it &apos;s interesting that your on a nj representatives facebook page when you live in ma .
mahalo to them .
adam peter lanza &apos;s mother , nacy lanza , age 52 did purchase the bushmaster xm15-e2s rifle used to murder people in newtown , ct legally and was therefore subject to a &quot; background check &quot; .
merry christmas and happy new year to you and yours as well .
getting high interest loans is not the answer .
it looks like your constituents # feelthebern do your job and support the people who supported you or we will make sure someone else does .
* on january 19th , 2017 , dt said that he would cut funding for the office of fossil energy .
amy , you need to step up and fill her shoes .
senator franken , i created a cure for cancer , please pass it onto those who can use it .
kaine 2020 !
you and the other 12 members of the democratic party f * cked up with your vote and ont you have to live with the consequences .
thank you senator coons ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
so , like hilary is innocent !
i can write a literal 200-page book on how to reform the united states criminal justice system and accomplish fairness for all people in america swiftly , even in one term as president ( less than four years &apos; time ) , ma &apos;am .
thank you , senator warren , for speaking the truth and standing up for the american people .
congressman beto o &apos;rourke ; if we take action against syria at this time , we will be seeing the start of a world war .
i see where schumer is buying it .
thank you patty murray , for your work &amp; efforts in this ! !
please get rid of the electoral college !
what about the events trust are unfolding in iraq , isis is already controlling 1 / 3 of the country , the army of iraq is collapsing , thousands of americans had given their lives for a democratic democracy !
love your style amy klobuchar , you do amazing work !
remember in 2015 chuck you tweeted maybe we need a pause on visas .
this is what you get for not endorsing sanders early .
tammy baldwin failed her duty to exercise to use due diligence in the conduct of professional conduct as senator .
corporate media has really been against senator sanders .
colleen - that &apos;s only part of what that item reports .
with respect senator , it is disappointing that you and a great many people are more concerned with the fact russia allegedly exposed collusion by the democratic national committee than by the collusion of the democratic national committee itself .
another point , if you and your fellow democrats are so very concerned about saving lives , there &apos;s an easy way to save about 1 million lives a year , restrict abortion to cases where the mothers life is in danger .
how bout mental illness and hollywood and game designers
bernie doesn &apos;t need the dnc so isn &apos;t beholden to them so he won &apos;t play ball , which means the dnc loses a lot of power .
why did this woman need all those semi automatic weapons in her home ?
thank you for all you do 4 wa
i notice some don &apos;t believe we are the greatest democracy on this planet .
i hate it when i wake up in the morning an patty murray is still a senator .
rick are you saying this was not important , really ? ? ?
we now know that not only did senator gillibrand oppose boehner &apos;s plan , his own party also opposed it .
scott brown received the endorsement of the former democratic leader of the new hampshire state senate , bob preston .
i &apos;m sorry to say this but until minnesota does an adequate job of taking care of children that are at risk that were born there - the last thing we should be trusted with are other country &apos;s children .
the amendment offered up by u.s. senator bernie sanders , i am sure was sound and on track .
belinda , get a different job , or doesn &apos;t amy have one for you .
quality psychiatrist care is essential in recovering from mental health .
you blame trump for all the hate , when actually it is because of you leftist there is so much hate .
thank you u.s. senator elizabeth warren for standing tall against trump hatred .
do you really expect us to believe that we are going to get unsafe drugs from canada ?
this is not about being american or asian , this is not about what we eat , this is about violence and deliberate torture and the potential for negative humanitarian complications !
my senator jeff merkley looks like he will be joining you .
so congresswoman you think its good to vote for back pay for federal workers .
your support of bernie sanders is critical for the party .
regarding the statement &quot; we here in oregon do support senator merkley , must remember senator merkley won the election with 49 % of the vote meaning 51 % voted against him .
or is your real name rip van winkle and you have slept through the last va elections ?
oh look , now that you are sick , you suddenly care about women &apos;s health issues .
you &apos; ve personally inspired me to become more proactive in our political system .
and , if the businesses which you &apos;re so proud of are so good , why assume that when workers have the right to decide if they will or will not join a union the same businesses will suddenly morph into something different .
frank i support you and share your disappointment .
hillary should be in prison ... https : / / youtu.be / 7lyruod _ qom
much better the &quot; storing the pot &quot; of fear , hate , perpetual lies , etc .
john ^ ^ ^ i &apos;m still mad .
i &apos;d like you to discuss the money you have pocketed from big pharma .
thank you , carol , for stressing the danger of rampant weapons that kill in so many hands which should never touch them .
we can depend on you mr. ellison .
that is a crock of shit .
thank you for your explanation .
and i am still hoping hillary will run ro president .
america needs your strength and your passion and your dedication now more than ever .
please endorse bernie elizabeth ... its the right thing to do ...
congratulations frank now you can retire .
fdr was right when he warned about the conflict of interest and self-dealing inherent in forming public unions .
soon will move back to mn from sd .
we must relieve the cops of their war toys and restore law and order like it was a couple of years ago .
debbie , i agree with rich ratliff ... not the fake part.there is so much going on here that needs to be addressed.rich stated a lot of questions that need answers .
we love patty !
senator wyden when you stop favoring corporations in your home over people i might listen to you .
im so proud of mrs klobuchard , , , have a nice day
saw your speech and was happy to have you represent me .
obstruct and oppose senator !
send bachman packing , al !
the courts don &apos;t add addition time for gun crimes .
so , pfizer in canada is less safe than pfizer in the us ?
do it , and an army of independent voters will align with what &apos;s right with the democratic party and beat both hillary &amp; trump .
we ❤ ️ kamala ! !
i proudly stand with planned parenthood and tammy duckworth .
start putting the american people &apos;s well-being first over the wishes of big pharma .
amy , we are with you !
, please stand up for universal background checks , banning assault weapons and large capacity clips .
why are people who don &apos;t support senator warren &apos;s tenets on her page ?
kudos , ms. warren !
in 1973 four of his own employees confirmed that applications for leases in his apartments in new york were screened for race .
hilary said her mentor was sen byrd who was a card carrying member of the kkk ... lmao
search the dnc email database today , friday 22 july 2016 at 10 : 30am edt , wikileaks releases 19,252 emails and 8,034 attachments from the top of the us democratic national committee -- part one of our new hillary leaks series .
love you liz i am so sorry i am praying for my friends
same we need in uk also
i see no reason we shouldn &apos;t allow other countries to import pharmaceutical prescriptions to the us , considering their costs .
so , we have do nothing currently the policy , better mental health screening at tremendous cost and risks , or try to make the law abiding gun people prove they are capable and worthy , for lack of a better word .
thank you sherrod for listening to us !
you make new york proud !
ty patty for fighting so hard for those who fought for us .
democrats who do so should find another time and place to protest .
but doing so was help for all the women since her who have strived to get ahead .
take it in , franken , because you &apos;re going to be jobless pretty soon .
patty thank you for standing up to the republicans .
i do not understand how protecting pharmaceutical companies from law suits is helping ?
terrence snyder probably not , but so what if he did ?
the honorable senator tim kaine , i just want to encourage you to take no action that would diminish my second amendment rights in anyway .
let &apos;s put her on the superferry and wish her aloha oe , finally .
thanks , senator a warren !
right on , senator warren
yes , hobby lobby happened to be a big corporation , however , he would have ruled the same way if this were a small , mom &amp; pop business as well .
larsen win ! ! ! !
ask senator sanders about democracy in america ... trump is a coward , hillary is a thief .
what kind of society are we when we allow the drug industry to make outrageous profits as the expense of individuals who already have enough challenges coping with their medical conditions without having to worry about the cost of the drugs they need to stay alive .
thank you my senator , elizabeth warren !
every time our rights and social programs are at risk we should be very vocal and protest to the full extent of our right to free speech short of violence .
so which is booker ?
again , thank you sen. merkley .
as far as i &apos;m concerned , support for the ability of electors to make clear decisions , given these highly unique circumstances , should cut across party lines and garner the concern of any elected official--and everyone , for that matter .
illegal drug revenues are in the billions and the taxpayers have to pay for the result of the s .. t on the street .
wait a moment , the kkk and their leaders are back hillary .
bernie and all of his supporters want you .
thank you tammy for your service &amp; sacrifice !
she was a great great woman .
due to the obstruction of bernie &apos;s movement , i will not endorse hillary rodham clinton for president , yet i plan now to vote for her in november .
at least , not among those outside the right wing bubble .
so where is your protest against the abuse of pharmaceutical overpricing to the american people ?
she is resting with the angels ... thank you sweet lady for your wise words
why did you , maria , &amp; corey booker vote against it then ? ?
if monsanto kills bio diversity we all die , not just the bees !
i thiink it &apos;s a great first step towards making us safer .
# feelthebern endorse sanders !
well said , so its time you consider coming out for your colleague bernie sanders who leads the fight for everything you listed in this post and then some .
most call themselves bernie sanders movement people .
a stockton native and franklin graduate .
once again the tactic from the right wing radicals is to equate two polar opposites in order to shed the real culpability in this matter .
could we persuade you to move to michigan and run for governor ?
chuck ... go fuck yourself
last i checked it &apos;s not trump supporters .
as seen in this story from a year ago , pharma companies charge the us consumer far over the fair value of the drug in order to make up for the cheaper countries ( all of them ) they sell to .
matter of fact , ban knives , baseball bats , rocks , sticks , and short pieces of pipe .
mario cuomo was a &quot; no nonsense &quot; individual , and because of that , he got the job done ! !
no tears were coming down your face in 2015 when you said that &quot; a pause in the syrian refugee program may be necessary &quot; .
we already do it with a fee for a permit for a public protest march for example .
great job , charlotte letter to the editor : oregon state university should focus more on ways to benefit lives of horses .
elizabeth warren - very well said -
thank you for not being silent
warren and stewart 2016 ! !
when people say that all politicians are crooked , my stock answer has always been , not cory booker .
since brian schatz has already begun a campaign for senate in the 2014 special election ... may i please start a facebook page : tulsi for senate 2014 ?
we need to rebuild the democratic party as working class party .
thanks you , senator !
wow ur a shill voting against bernie sanders u shower ur true side stopping cheaper prescriptions we all now know who u represent big pharma !
this is typical elizabeth warren garbage
this has nothing to gun violence or a hate crime .
omg yes elizabeth 👍
ok whatever , i am just stating the facts van tana .
boo fracken bernie is your super delegate !
you would of won with bernie , and you could of backed him but instead you dropped the people and joined the corporations .
gimme gimme gimme do you democrats know anything else ?
this is why i can &apos;t stand elizabeth warren .
al why has it taken so long
i &apos;m proud to say you are our senator !
thanks , keith .
you are better than that elizabeth
i am a graduate from heald college .
elizabeth warren : a democrat senator from a state that has no republicans !
what about 18th in illinois
i am one of those monroe county dems that lost the dingell &apos;s due to gerrymandering , but i am still happy to see you are out there fighting for us .
rick , joe was not honest .
congrats tammy from florida ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
you are completely delusional , nancy .
as far as weapons go , assault weapons are just that - designed to assault .
i live in baldwin park , and have been in the san gabriel valley since birth , 1957. thank you for your reply regarding my nephew who is in the military serving our country .
i watched ... brought tears to my eyes ... all we need is love ...
adam - you use a bushmaster .223 semi-automatic assault style weapon with a 30 round clip every day ?
public safety demands that people who threaten harm , or terrorize people with guns must be stopped .
working together can accomplish a lot more than working alone , team work !
9 plans put forth by gop uncle tom booker
it is sad congresswoman and those that compare a genuine indigenous activist to an entitled and delusional bundy follower should just go back to school .
elizabeth warren , wish you would have run for president ! ! !
this is a scary time .
please choose to not to attend the inauguration senator murray .
elizabeth warren , you nailed it ... i see a vice president in our midst ... ; )
happy veteran &apos;s day
too many in the democratic party are being quiet normalizing the hatred of mr trump .
thank you for your wise and heartfelt words , debbie !
the crews that work oil fields and fracking fields are sloppy and don &apos;t make any adjustments to keep from polluting because they are pushed to produce at any cost .
aloha ms tulsi .
maybe if bernie had a bunch of money and connections earl would have supported him .
and if you think hillary is strident or even unhinged , elizabeth is certifiably hysterical ( using the psychiatric definition of that term ) .
have you checked the muder rate in the &quot; gun free &quot; windy city lately ?
yes the majority of oregon is democrat because you have portland and eugene .
the people that have perpetrated these acts of gun violence could care less about a stinking law .
please i do not understand how tillerson has anything to do with women &apos;s reproductive rights .
it &apos;s not surprising that clinton chose a wall street insider for the tpp .
as someone who trudged around in the snow for bernie in the nh primary i don &apos;t take a back seat to anyone when it comes to feelin the bern , but i know , like most bernie supporters , that there are two choices on the ballot : trump and hillary .
but , al , hillary was a means to an end to keep trump from getting elected - she wasn &apos;t the candidate who set the hearts and minds of the electorate on fire .
rep. emanuel cleaver ii .
i &apos;m so proud that you &apos;re representing the people of your district and people like me in other congressional districts , because we need the extra help .
kathi harrington- hoops , tonya willoughby , linda rudawski , linda kauffer , jessica shafer , kalyndi s. r. martin - i thought this was great !
i think perhaps donald trump is truly evil in the worst sense of the word .
as much as i have always been in the business world , i hate to say that there is still not equality in pay and status for women .
rep. sherman please support hr 752 .
proud of you , senator .
we enjoy equality and that &apos;s to me a greater understanding than dominion over others or to be a slave to others .
we are a republic , not a democracy .
dear senator schumer so proud of you and my two nj senators .
tehran jon &#91; &#91; photo &#93; &#93;
please act our behalf to insist this ban be rescinded .
rock solid al franken !
i &apos;m proud to have been born in minnesota .
thank you senators stabenow &amp; peters
there are at least 3 petitions out there , and maryland switched to hillary today .
happy birthday senator murray from olympia -- you &apos;ve done so much for our state and for the country -- keep up the great work : ) have a wonderful day : )
i &apos;m voting no because marriage is really important in my family - my parents got married 40 years ago , and i think of everything that they have been through over the years and their commitment to each other .
for example , electronic health records are the future in health care .
heald students that were talked into taking out loans but not enrolled in courses intended to educatte them and prepare them for the workplace shoul have their loans forgiven and their credit reports made to look squeaky clean - automatically ! ! ! ! ! ! !
mr. trump has bashed joh lewis on mlk weekend with no regard for sacrifice , freedom and personal engagement in history .
before being a congress woman you &apos;re a black woman , your people suffered for centuries ( and still ) by the colonial powers and blind profit , lives and destiny of millions of africans aren &apos;t worthy to slave traders , politicians , drug companies and the list goes on .
look up the history of the democratic party and you &apos;ll see that they aren &apos;t the good folks you think they are .
the dnc is already in the toilet and a joke .
senator amy klobuchar always goes above &amp; beyond for her state &amp; country ! ! !
maybe we should switch to a survivor-style electoral system
ms. warren &apos;s proposal lacks economic sense , as most of her proposals are wont to do .
please spread your positive energy and collegiality among your colleagues .
) ... todos los trabajos se van fuera de usa , nos estamos convirtiendo desde hace rato en un pais consumidor nada mas , china , india , pakistan , korea , mexico son los que mas se benefician de los trabajos q &quot; huyen al extranjero &quot; .. ( ?
louise you are always a class act and we are so lucky to have you .
those of us on snap needs these benefits and can &apos;t afford to have any more taken out .
your commonwealth brings this union enormous pride , senator .
thank you , amy , yet again ! ! ! ! ! !
we need strong democratic leadership .
shouldn &apos;t we be able to keep track of anyone amassing a huge amount of ammunition to know if they might be a threat to society , as a drug dealer would be ?
this is what i call a decent and brave reaction , mr kaine .
good for yiu senator warren .
thank you for speaking out cory booker .
thank you for standing tall for oregon .
did clinton lose because russia may have leaked information about her ?
i want us beef over beef processed elsewhere for health reasons as well as supporting us farmers .
you are an amazing woman and senator !
every democrat from ct. should be ashamed of themselves .
elizabeth warren should have the nations microphone .
eliot - i am very proud to have had the privilege to work for you for 6 + yrs .
get it done amy
wish you &apos;d endorse bernie sanders .
to &quot; help &quot; us get drugs from canada ?
thank you for fighting for women !
you &apos;ve built you &apos;re whole campaign on a completely random and hopeless approach of &quot; breaking up the wall street &quot; banks .
they think that makes then &quot; strong leaders &quot; : http : / / en.wikipedia.org / wiki / conservatives _ without _ conscience brian must be the pride of his local circle of gibbering tea party poseurs .
if al likes it it &apos;s got to be really bad !
i am 53. but i can take my 14 year old and pick up an assault weapon .
congratulations , senator elect !
not remotely enough , chuck .
illinois residents : please contact your illinois state rep. today !
people in the jewish community often know their history , and they know what radical right wing populism can lead to .
if i still lived in michigan i would vote for you debbie ! ! ! !
what a disgraceful sorry excuse for a woman .
derek , i &apos;m going to give you some quarter because i do know you are trying .
@ elizabeth warren please run in the next 8 years .
i think highly of you , so i &apos;m curious what you &apos;re thoughts are on the subject .
i considered giving you my support but if you dare vote against sen bernie sanders i will slowly build up political power just so i can sit you down and remind you that the you work for the american people , not wall street .
if you want to really throw a monkey wrench in the gears about akins view of science , ask him why do adam and eve have belly buttons ?
and your tears kill another unicorn by drowning it with melted snow flakes
hey everyone , you again blame for hillary for something she did not do .
thank you for standing behind the only democrat running .
pentagon police do the same job as capital police , secret service police , park police .
republicans from other parts of the country seem to like to tell new york ( and in this case new jersey and connecticut ) to drop dead .
you senator murray ---
warrren is an ass
you are one of the only people i &apos;d trust to bring real reform , but i &apos;ve seen now that democrats are beyond redemption .
i &apos;m a democrat who owns firearms and i &apos;m in favor of stricter gun legislation .
fight for reasonable gun control laws and improved mental health services .
keep up the great work elizabeth warren
get him elizabeth .
we should be supporting bernie because in polls it show hes more likely to beat trump than hillary .... and when trump starts attacking hillary on all of her awful judgements and choices idk if hillary can beat trump unfortunately .
she &apos;s a ma senator and long time pats fan
thank you again kirsten .
if you &apos;re that worried about trump , you should have had the foresight to endorse sanders instead of clinton .
the integrity of our democracy is compromised when the candidate of our choice is not the one who becomes president .
patty , while the results were shameful i want to take this opportunity to thank you for once again being on the side of the angels .
elizabeth warren does us a favor and run ! ! !
thank you amy , for everything you do .
i love how people think donald trump won &apos;t be a &apos; puppet &apos; .. like he &apos;s not the exact same class and type of person who will use politics for personal gain .
you really need to make your fake crying a little more believable traitor chuck .
you voted against the drug bill you sellout pig you
thank you for giving peace a chance !
senator booker , me thinks thou doth protest too much .
senator murray - please support mobilized national guardsmen and reservists by co-sponsoring s2121 , senator klobuchar &apos;s bill to restore pdmra leave .
senator kaine ( when it looked like hillary was going to win and dems take the senate ) talked of the same thing for a supreme court nominee .
a wall is a boondoggle , hateful waste .
&lt; ------- dino ballots go here ...
and kudos as well to rep. john lewis .
i feel you on this , however this is clearly not the greatest democracy on earth .
mr. larsen , your vote is that of a superdelegate , a representative of your district and your state .
elizabeth warren you are perfect .
proves how much democrats care .
elizabeth my dear you are delusional which is a trait common to leftist progressives .
how dare you vote against senator sanders prescription drug bill !
will trump &apos;s presidency usher in a new , better era in us-israel relations ?
they hope guns are banned so they can continue to rape , rob , and kill you , but on a much grander scale .
we have a son who is presently representing america in peace corps .
@ thomas senator stabenow , has been totally let down by her entire staff .
please consider marriage equality day as june 26th .
elizabeth murray , deputy national intelligence officer for middle east ( ret . )
but i do think you put more credence in our fda than is justified .
thank you for all your efforts to save us from ourselves .
there needs to be controls on drug companies .
the democratic party does not have to agree with trump in order to honor traditions of this country like the inauguration of a new president .
the democrats have an opportunity to unite our marginalized minorities by making the main focus of the democratic party &apos;s agenda in this election : unity across america &apos;s diverse cultural groups , empathy , civil rights for minority groups .
enjoy your &quot; free &quot; medical care and your non-existent mental health care .
please respect the caucus vote of minnesotans and support the candidate 62 % of them chose in your state caucus - bernie sanders .
i find hillary to be just as scary as trump .
enough .... but your wishes for l &apos; shana tov are appreciated .
cory ... you voted again lowering prescription drug prices ? ! ?
i stand with john lewis a lion of a civil rights leader and a truly great man .
senator booker , i think very highly of you , but in this instance , you are wrong .
very succinctly , eloquently ( and persuasively ) stated , senator gillibrand .
i wonder how much $ $ $ big pharma will make as a result of the &quot; free &quot; checkups .
happy new year lizzie , to you and yours .
we all must find our passion , whether it be women &apos;s rights , the environment , civil rights , etc .
elizabeth is delusional .
yet it &apos;s the liberals rioting in the streets destroying things and attacking any trump supporter no matter race , lgbt or gender .
i and every other trump supporter also hope he reaches across the isle and works with everyone for the benefit of all .
please , now is the time to push for meaningful guns restrictions .
toxic hatred is what liberals like elizabeth warren spew when they don &apos;t get their way-as is demonstrated in her comments above .
i know other minnesotans are as outraged as we are .
you are such a great role model for women . &quot;
if you really don &apos;t like how frank pallone is representing you , try running against him if you think your views represent the majority of people in the district .
hey senator chuck schumer how about opening your home up to these people , since you care so much .
uneducated white people for trump !
democrats need to get out and vote !
i mailed mine today patty
equal pay for women !
stand up to the hatred , bigotry and blatant disregard to us , the people .
that you congressman cleaver
congratulations , chris and congratulations , delaware for choosing well !
they are at risk because of the legislation that warren and sanders created .
i think people like betty and johnnie are ones that think american is to powerful .
good luck senator !
so sit on the floor mr pallone i guess he is actually going to make your wife work in her job with the epa # pallonenotmyrep
anyone that refused to attend the inauguration of obama wold have been labeled as racist .
with that said , i haven &apos;t yet seen you mention or justify your acceptance of campaign contributions from the pharmaceutical industry .
you had my respect until you voted against bernie &apos;s bill for lower prescription drugs .
even the electoral college will not save him at that point .
patty murray , maria cantwell , and susan delbene to name a few .
happy anniversary al &amp; franni !
regardless of your feelings about byrd politically or as a person , i &apos;m offended by this attitude about someone who has died .
ou are one phoney jerk along with that total idiot dick the dick durbin .
cory booker is in ohio and i have to work today !
that &apos;s my friend liz !
this is just a scare tactic by the dnc .
we &apos;re fortunate to have you as a representative for this great nation .
stop taking big pharma $ .
there &apos;s always 2020 !
chuck - your days are numbered !
i &apos;d like for all of us to consume less and be grateful more .
i follow cory booker on facebook and recently started following you in hopes that you , too , would let us see your perspective on what is going on in our government .
please help us overturn citiezens united !
i &apos;m just here to read the comments of people being hateful to each other over the lying drivel that comes out of that despicable woman &apos;s mouth .
keep fighting for our democracy chuck ! ! !
the forthcoming us national bike route ststem will likely pass thru portland that way .
take a stand against hillary and the corruption she represents first mr. wyden .
please run with hillary , be in her cabinet , we need ed you .
we must be , now more than ever the lightbearers of democracy .
rip mr garner
ms warren is not unaffected by this .
so many democrats crying foul when the dirtiest tactics were performed by the dnc .
i contract at a medical device manufacturer , and they &apos;re doing great , life-saving work .
thank you for your voice &amp; your service .
i hope you continue to slow walk the nominations for president trumps cabinet .
that &apos;s who cory booker is ☺ .
amy , is the ground meat supposed to be browned first before mixing with the other ingredients ?
elizabeth warren is an angry , ugly woman , who throws out terms like racist and xenophobe to smear people who disagree with her big goverment policies .
community service in syria ?
comrade warren .
then the people will make up those contributions that you will lose from big pharma .
congressman ellison , thank you .
re-elect kirsten gillibrand !
cory booker for president ! ! ! !
and if we cannot keep food real , please by all means just put a few words on a label that say , &quot; gmo or non gmo &quot; !
if you do not represent what the overwhelming majority of your constituents want and vote for bernie , i will make it my new job to make sure you are not reelected .
it seems to me that sen. warren , even after such a short time in dc , is already in the establishment camp .
merry christmas amy .
people are telling me you get big money from pharmaceutical companies .
screw u corey booker ...
as a life long feminist and bernie sanders supporter , i &apos;m so torn .
the people of maryland do not want this passed , nor do the people of this country at large .
we &apos;d love to know that you stand against tpp and fast track to it .
satelitlgtvusa satelitlgtv house democratic leader nancy pelosi
you are an incredible leader elizabeth !
al franken can &apos;t do it all by himself .
i just watched you on lawrence o &apos;donnell &apos;s show and it gives me hope that we can get through 2020 and take back the white house .
democrats seem to be dragging their feet and it feels like many are falling under trump &apos;s spell .
senator , please dont let them take away the progress we have made for women &apos;s rights , lgbt rights , etc
thank you patty for all your hard work we have the best senator
here &apos;s the reality : have you ever made a personal visit to your local democratic campaign office ?
thank you , ron kind .
trump is succeeding by using people &apos;s fears of differences !
i am really proud of you , you are a strong woman
louise slaughter shut your useless pie hole !
awesome happy new year
please &quot; like &quot; elizabeth warren .
tell the truth debbie stabenow , they offer 16 kinds of birth control ..... the 4 that are not covered , are abortion options .
keep listening to marxists like franken , and you will always be moaning about not having any money !
if they won &apos;t fight for their homeland , do you think they &apos;ll fight for the usa and assimilate here ?
thank you very much , congressman yarmuth !
trump is an evil self serving fake who will bring total havoc on top of the havoc we are already experiencing .
stop the refugee flow to mn .
thank you to amy and al .
from small beginnings the cpc has grown to embrace more than 80 members of congress and three in the senate - roland burris , bernie sanders and tom udall ( nm ) .
this decision transcends party politics and loyalties and must be made with a deep and profound concern for international law and an awareness that our violent intervention can only mean more suffering for the syrian people .
your support of the banker and pharma candidate for president makes my regret supporting you .
you &apos;ve made bigotry and racism socially acceptable again and that has been a kind of twisted gift because it &apos;s allowed me to really see people ; not as they pretend to be on the surface — but in the very depths of their wounded , weaponized hearts .
keep up the good work al franken
i am quite disappointed you did not voice your concerns against campaign fiance with citizens united at all this election year or very little that it escaped me .
i can &apos;t wait to see you run for the presidency tulsi : )
she got lots of money from them , among the higher in congress , and wen it came right don to it , she voted against the sanders bill .
go for it keith !
hopefully this will help so many and make the drugs used for treatment affordable !
please do not vote for pompeo , devos or tillerson for cabinet positions .
have a very happy birthday from lenora and calvin in canaan
it &apos;s about time consumers are getting the help because mortgage banks destroyed many families big dreams of owning a home ....
imagine what her formal endorsement would have done for bernie in iowa and massachusetts .
i can only surmize that both of my senators are depending upon the drug companies of nj for significant donations to campaign funds .
she &apos;s too busy denying her involvement to even acknowledge it was a tragedy .
amy , you have lost my support . !
bet dino wouldn &apos;t do that , and use the excuse that it &apos;s pork .
holiday greetings from ashland .
www.nycaviation.com / 2015 / 07 / one-time-donald-trump-owned-airline / jul 9 , 2015 - donald trump has been all over the news cycle recently after ... the trump shuttle had a fleet of ex-eastern 727-100s and -200s .
yeah i agree with all that but what about hillary she &apos;s just as bad so we as a nation are totally screwed !
you , senator warren and others give us all reason to keep resisting knowing we have strong allies in congress who will take a stand !
from an article in the ny post newspaper http : / / www.nypost.com / seven / 05292008 / business / montana _ governor _ is _ sitting _ on _ an _ oil _ mi _ 113005.htm
and what about mental health care ... why so many young adults going off the deep end like this ?
i like you elizabeth but am very disappointed that you have not done more to get bernie elected .
but as a voter , i must strongly urge you to pledge your superdelegate vote for bernie sanders as we washingtonians have voted and agreed upon .
rachel carson , author of silent spring and mother of the environmental movement , is spinning in her grave right now at the prospect of a huge rollback in the environmental progress we &apos;ve made in the last 50 years : (
would steve bannon be able to pass a background check if he applied to work with children ?
run corey run
amy was working with the people that know about wolves and the overabundance of them in some areas of the state of mn .
i am a hardwprking , very intelligent woman who just graduated from heald two weeks ago with a 3.81 gpa in accounting .
now i hope that oregon can begin to bring rates down for omip members .
patty , i &apos;m disappointed that of all the things you could be doing to secure our liberties , you &apos;re just being disappointed .
remember the bailout of banks and large corporations ?
you go patty murray : )
ron wyden and seven other senate democrats announced they were on the fence on 12 may , distinguishing themselves from the senate &apos;s 54 republicans and handful of democrats as the votes to sway .
republican trolls apparently love to hate warren .
sorry dude , your a racist and your disturbed thought process has no place in society .
many of us in canada thank you .
al franken is very smart and clever .
senate confirmation hearings for d. trump cabinet picks .
i am such a strong supporter of corey booker , but i am so disappointed with with your vote on this bill to bring the cost of drugs down .
if the progressive individuals of the usa get well-informed and actively participate in the political process , we will have a progressive president , a progressive congress and a progressive supreme court .
keep up the good work amy &amp; al .
any honest person reading these posts would agree that you would have readily attended clinton &apos;s inauguration if she had won despite the despicable dishonesty of the women .
can &apos;t wait to vote for hrc in november !
elizabeth warren let &apos;s make college affordable , elizabeth warren takes over $ 400,000 from harvard to teach one class shows up seven times .
we respected the office , we didn &apos;t whine and cry for months , we didn &apos;t protest , we didn &apos;t boycott .
thank you , rep. larsen , for having the humility to reevaluate your political positions based on newly incoming information rather than clinging to disproven ways of thought .
don &apos;t appoimt bigots like bannon to the cabinet .
also , individuals , such as myself , who are 60 and older who desire to work cannot find decent jobs either .
it is not a &apos; myth &apos; .. when i was working in a &apos; nursing home &apos; the male aides got paid quite a bit more than the females .... company claimed it was because they were stronger physically ... but also expected the females to do the same work as the males
dear amy , thank you for your dedication toward the best interests of your constituents .
the savings generated from this will be plowed back into more loans being made ... only my quick read of it ... there could be a more formal reason .
though i suspect bannon either has dirt on trump or trump is indebted to him some very big way .
i would also add the pharma used for the conditions based on the side effects such as &quot; disturbing or unusual thoughts &quot; , &quot; suicidal thoughts &quot; , &quot; unusual or disturbing dreams &quot; whether or not its used for &quot; off label &quot; ... now , cu had / has a &quot; system &quot; which the school took no action with .
cuz it &apos;s not with her vp choice backing tpp .
i agree senator booker .
trump has more ethics and class in his toenail than ms focahantas will ever have .
you and the rest of the corrupt dnc deserve to be drawn and quartered .
senator , can the electoral college still vote differently if they have till dec . 19th .
we are no longer a state of democracy , but one of corporate fascism .
mn
the facts are clear ... 6 of the 7 states with the highest unemployment rates are forced union .
rep. larsen , i hope you will consider snubbing hrc again as you did in 2008 at the last minute .
i have given her the discount prescription cards &amp; those have been denied by the pharmacy that she uses .
housing for all homeless veterans immediately , all homeless individuals implemented after prioritizing veterans and children .
thank you for setting an excellent example .
&quot; according to documents banks provided to the fcic , &quot; the value of commitments to community groups was much smaller than the larger unilateral pledges by the banks . &quot;
thank you , rep doggett , for being a magnificent human being !
happy thanksgiving and continue to kick ass in dc .
seriously i want to hear you weren &apos;t paid off by pharma lobbyists and that this is all a serious mistake , but if its not , please become a shoe salesman so we never have to look at your face again .
if the concern was about safety of medications from other nations , could that not simply have been written in to the amendment ( i.e.
thank you for representing all of us in choosing the best person for the job senator .
how is voter identification suppressing your right to vote .
be gone , granny warren !
it &apos;s the trump folks who instigate the violence with sucker punches and hateful language , all with trump cheering them on on the sideline .
the arts stimulate connections and propel students toward higher achievement .
you always do senator brown !
so glad you will do everything in your power to pass some common sense gun laws once and for all .
i hope everyone here realizes that it is not cory booker responding , it is one of his staffers .
mahalo for ur service in the military and in congress form hawaii !
you did a disservice to your constituents by not honoring them in the time honored peaceful transfer of power .
protecting women &apos;s rights is extremely important !
have a great time in chicago - grateful dead forever ! ! !
thank you salud--a peaceful transition of power is a cornerstone of our democracy .
you had a golden opportunity to walk your talk by backing senator sanders &apos; amendment and you voted against it , opening the door to the repeal of the aca and closing the door on providing lower cost rx drugs from canada .
i see you voted not to lower meds .
i love bernie and his ideology was to provide us with the prices canada gets for their medications .
most of us feel canadian drugs would be safe .
best wishes for a very happy birthday , mr president .
for shame debbie stabenow for putting this crap out ! ! !
the context she provides is one of trump &apos;s overt misogyny and sexualisation of women .
so we will have to choose between a crony capitalist in hillary , and a narcissist in donald .
those subjects are cannabis and banking . &quot;
relax folks , there is lots of room in the middle class for us all .
what will you do to end the expansion of illegal israeli settlements into palestinian territory ?
deducting student loan interest is important , but when someone &apos;s drowning in student loan debt , interest is a drop in the bucket .
as a representative of the wonderful citizens of washington state do not attend the inauguration .
and i thank women like you also who have helped young women like myself .
how can you say &quot; there is no virtue in silence &quot; but then call mass murderers who have no respect for human life &quot; people we disagree with &quot; in the same breath ?
please , please fight for us and our daughters in 2020 .
it &apos;s a great day for all and cheers to 4 more years !
she will be missed greatly especially here in minnesota and around the us .
congratulations kamala
upchuck schumer .
i suggest you good people here do the same to &apos; ol rick and everybody else in washington state .
these drugs in canada are by and large the same brands that we have here in the us .
tell me it &apos;s not true that you , cory , just voted against the bill presented by bernie sanders to force prescription drugs to be offered at a lower price ? !
what happened to elizabeth warren , u.s. senator bernie sanders , sherrod brown , and cory booker ?
i support an amendment for new guidelines regarding pipeline safety .
a responsible american that works in the mental health field , it is imperative we take action now to stop the violence and begin to take control of the right to bear arms .
thanks al-- i have been pissed at you for laying down for hillary after you whole state went for bernnie .
minnesota lost a great leader for the people of this state
thanks for trying kyrsten .
clinton is going to smear racist trump .
show us your tears from the san bernardino slaughter .
i called to thank sen wyden .
i don &apos;t believe you voted against the amendment due to safety concerns .
grace your a great woman im with you all the way .
ps we need a democrats &apos; hakka - i &apos;m quite sure trump will scare easily .
if you haven &apos;t , can start by switching to credit unions / no comparison to benefits &amp; let the big banks feel the pain !
doctor por favor necesitamos de su ayuda somos la fundación esperanza mundial , un pequeño aporte para el sostenimiento de la fundación , es para suplir necesidades de unas familias de escasos recursos , por favor no le vamos a desfraudar estamos contigo , el triunfo se ve llegar , dios le bendiga .
bless your heart in 2016 ..... it &apos;s going to be a great year for women !
stop racism in it &apos;s tracks !
elizabeth warren , you my dear are part of the problem , have you not figured out that us citizens are tired of the political mumbo jumbo that you all spout so easily ! ! .
makes me proud to be a democrat who supports this and so much more of the democratic way of life ... proud to be wa state !
i &apos;m voting for bernies i will not vote for trump ! ! ! !
thanks tulsi for fighting against this bill !
please continue with your standards for all of the cabinet nominees .
he &apos;s as fake as his hair and tan !
i don &apos;t think the people running this housing in minnesota are being fair .
patty , you can do something about this .
i &apos;m not narrow minded bigoted racist but if it comes down to trump or hillary well then trump gets my vote .
sheila jackson you are such a moron .
let &apos;s not forget the dark act .
i lived in ny and saw the developments and innovative projects he was responsible for in nyc .
happy new year ..... because its hard battling stupidity and you and bernie need your strength .
we know from her record that hillary is all of those .
bernie sanders is the man to take trump down
they view it as one of those quaint religions followed by minorities — no more likely than the ancient incan or egyptian gods .
keep fighting , senator kaine !
&quot; .............. this also makes iceality a philosophy meaning that there is hope for humanity after all , and that improvements in our society can take place daily .
bernie is not financially supporting &apos; down democrats &apos; because he is not a democrat ( and shouldn &apos;t be running as one ) .
we love you senator !
the 5 shaheen law firms in all the most populated areas throughout new hampshire .
if hand guns and automatic weapons are not allowed to be purchased by anyone , then this might not have happened .
bannon could possibly be worse than trump himself .
since the banks are making lots of money on this , can you sherrod brown create legislation that would force a cap on the interest ?
please protect medicare in total .
the one of mental illness , psychopathy , cruelty , disrespect and torture .
chicago for instance kills one or 2 a day ... yet has the strictest gun laws around .
you were elected to support the state of nh .
far as the nra goes , the president especially of nra , can go crap in his hat to disregard the present epidemic of gun deaths .
i have a huge lady crush on you tulsi .
alexander hamilton foresaw this situation in which a completely unqualified man is selected and thought of the electoral college as the last ditch to preserve the government .
thank you for being a good role model for the new members !
i &apos;m so glad to have you representing me .
well done , senator stabenow !
a clinton supporter accuses bernie sanders of being caught in the past ?
paul martinez the va killed my wwii veteran father with a misdiagnosis of als , which any 1st semester pre - med student knows kills 95 % of those diagnosed in the 1st ( first for you jackasses ) 3 years and 100 % mortality after 5 years .
good on you patty !
xoxoxoxoxoxo so proud of my state !
i &apos;m a graduate student and having my daughter starting college next year .
thank you for working for us senator .
i an so proud to have you as my senator , and to have people from other states recognize you amazing abilities .
we are proud to have you representing us .
congradulations to maria contreras !
bernie &apos; 16 !
this bill , along with stronger protections against illegal gun trafficking and straw purchasers , will help keep guns out of the hands of criminals and reduce gun violence in our communities .
you make me proud , amy !
and we will shield our daughters from hateful speech against women and never make them feel that they should accept or excuse it .
ty al franken , you are ane of the best senators !
i &apos;ll be attending women march in seneca falls 2017 on saturday !
they will not remember this next year ; you have only succeeded in alienating ( former ) supporters such as myself .
like planned parenthood was created by the kkk and was used to depopulate the black race .
as if i didn &apos;t have enough mad love for this woman before .
mr. booker , i &apos;m deeply disappointed in your choice .
courageous individuals like yourself give me hope and make me so proud .
see mr ellison you have no idea why the democrats lost the white house the senate and the house .
absolutely , but how about clinton &amp; warren as president &amp; vp ?
thank you for all you are doing beto .
speier / gillibrand 2016
compared to the brits 50 yard powerful weapons .
sharia will never be the law of the land ... get that in your head anti-christian ellison .
it is a matter of compassion and human decency to speak out against the dog meat trade .
not a word about mental health .
while you are probably not able to get in front of the hillary machine , you have a better chance to beat trump .
take 99 stances that are courageous and just .
here &apos;s a novel idea , howz about trump taxing all financial transactions to mexico ?
dadt became policy under a democratic president because the other option was not to let gays and lesbians serve at all .
governor mario cuomo , my condolences to governor andrew cuomo and family
trump protesters are not the violent ones .
5. allow medicare to negotiate with big pharmaceutical companies the way other insurance companies to .
debbie stabenow , you need to retire and go away .
although the second amendment people , maybe there is , i don &apos;t know , &quot; trump said .
thank you , mr. senator , for your consideration of our thoughts and feelings .
you must not pall over the country want simply-worded , on-package , mandatory gmo labeling like 64 countries around the world already have .
thanks for keeping at them , amy !
either you &apos;re with america and bernie sanders , or you &apos;re with the banks and hillary clinton .
guns are no more dangerous than cars , are they ?
the gop are using their money and greed as a weapon to destroy the working class .
i see how representative elijah e. cummings fights for ethics , and how gop chaffetz went after clinton , but refuses to go after trump , or those who are in trump &apos;s cabinet .
thank you cory booker for speaking up !
for the record , frank is a catholic and i have now forwarded his latest championing of state sanctioned murder to the diocese .
you should run for president elizabeth 👍 🏽
trump is a better choice than pro war , pro tpp , pro ttip , pro / anti coal hillary !
this sounds like more of a punishment for the women who are raped .
&quot; waiting for superman &quot; is an example of corporate media control ... so many lies and a blatant push for more charter schools that profit corporations !
how come no one is going on about banning knives which killed as many as guns did or the cars one of which was used to hit lots of people .
please rubin 2020
we need more women representative in congress to ensure that women &apos;s rights are respected and protected !
if the liberals are against her , i &apos;m for her !
yhea warren is a nut job ...
patty murray needs to go she &apos;s needed to go for a couple of years now
not just white male ones .
al franklin , you boob , research who wrote that huge book of restrictions .
i am proud to have you representing my district in congress .
support h.res 752-australians against yulin 👍
demand labeling of gmos .
i &apos;m with you lloyd .
to exclude one is to potentially exclude all ..... remember your history ..... recall hitler and the nazi &apos;s
thank you , senator amy klobuchar , for standing up .
i hope to see you run in 2020 .
thanks for your hard work and dedication to wa citizens .
the thousand year reich begins with a single act of hatred , and as if to treat american democracy like some sort of perverted game of political baseball , president trump is declaring &quot; open season , &apos; and offering to throw out the first mexican .
thank you , louise
trump has made thousand of jobs and business
there is one way to make sure that he doesn &apos;t win ...... accept the vp spot with bernie .
you and hillary are both disgusting females .
channel your inner wellstone al !
happy birthday miss warren !
i suppose you could , but ussc precedent was that corporations did not have full first amendment rights .
colleen - can you cite a source that supports the claim that the secretary of the treasury did not pay income tax &quot; until he was caught ? &quot;
you are a champion for us - already voted and you are my favorite senator !
good idea carol
please forgive me for being so gullible and i hope to build that trust back by pushing a progressive agenda from now until 2012 ! &quot;
did you know : co2 represents only 0.28 % of the worlds greenhouse gasses .
and well , support bernie
god bless you , amy , and your tireless efforts for all americans .
i think we need to tune out chuck schumer the ideologue .
how could you know , since you took money from big agriculture to block gmo labeling on our food ?
massive national infrastructure refit / upgrade … a to z .. tax corporations they are getting a free ride .
you are a progressive fraud and you should be ashamed of yourself .
there may be a &quot; skill gap &quot; of 85 million unfilled jobs globally by 2020. if we want to remain a world leader , we have to again lead the world in graduation rates .
john yarmuth epitomizes hard work and dedication .
these are five ( 5 ) things that should be the focus to improve the lives of nj citizens .
non-voters and you know who you are , are totally responsible for trump &apos;s victory so far .
the gop wanted to play chicken ... and those like debbie called &apos; em out on it ... see the original status .
cory booker , how are you enjoying your fully funded health insurance and the free care you would get if you got sick ?
trump is a lunatic
you seem to be a courageous minority of one in congress to stand up to racism and injustice instead of opting for the congressional tradition of quiet cowardice and unjust status quo !
cory booker just committed political suicide by revealing his corporatist loyalty to his big pharma donors !
all of the things you listed as hanging in the balance of this years election will remain completely unchanged under hillary clinton and yet you yourself couldnt do your part by endorsing senator sanders .
the people of flint deserve much more than our state is doing for them .
and i thank you for all of your tireless efforts and your support for our military around the world !
@ john - many of the trolls are not even real people - they are fake profiles created to make it appear as though that many people actually agree with the tea party .
glad to hear chuck supported 9 / 11 .by saying they we &apos;re welcomed .
trump says he &apos;s not received 1 call complaining about radioactive fracking pipelines that will give our children bone cancer , when these high pressure , high volume pipes leak radium 226 , 228 , and uranium 238 into our water supply .
the democratic party is also split .
my husband owns many firearms which are kept locked in a gun safe , until practice shooting or hunting .
i stand with you , senator booker !
thank you for your work on this protection for women .
@ ron pidgeon if you are using stats say gun violence is a problem we are a country of 300 million people over 500,000 people will die because of cancer this year .
we love you jackie .
where were your tears when obama did the exact same thing ?
but considering the the united states is mostly white men , trump may actually be president and if that happens , the us is going to experience many more wars .
we need you kristen to get up on your soapbox , and bring a majority of like minded senators with you .
sometimes sen. brown must want to yell &quot; duh ! &quot;
i think elizabeth warren should be the first woman president of this country .
warren for potus 2020 ! !
understand accoring to springfield papers , ms. duckworth is under investigation for misuse of public money .
not saying i &apos;m voting for trump , hillary , or bernie .
we worry about terrorists abroad while fellow citizens slaughter each other wholesale here at home .
no guarantees he &apos;ll get a job as an accountant after college , but he &apos;ll still have about $ 50,000 in student loan debt to repay .
thank you for working for the people in minnesota and all states .
is there democracy in the democratic party .
amy you need to run in 4 years ! !
keep up the good fight rick !
so sad to hear about the upcoming whole that jon stewart will leave behind .
fyi - what the hell is this sellout ?
al , please work to eliminate the electoral college .
you &apos;re truly one of those rare politicians who makes me feel proud to be a democrat .
this list from open secrets does not show a contribution from planned parenthood to rep. pallone for 2010. or 2008. or 2006. http : / / www.opensecrets.org / pacs / index.php
thank you , jon .
i am so glad to meet you in person here at standing rock .
could it also be there is a connection between closing down so many mental hospitals , and cutbacks on mental health ? !
i doubt that you read facebook , senator gillibrand .
it &apos;s still so sad after all these years ... rip
i &apos;m not being sarcastic , i &apos;d like to draw attention to your philanthropic and humanitarian efforts , so please .. post away .
she ran on a database , rather than on an argument ; the more trump alienated and motivated her base , the less she felt the need to make any discernible case .
u rock amy !
do not ever &quot; boo &quot; bernie sanders again .
start gearing up for 2020 , ms. warren .
i feel a strong backlash from a group you didn &apos;t see coming mr. wyden .
senator - you are the best !
shame on you amy for including me , a hard working washington cty tax paying citizen , in your quest to spend my money !
merkley your a piece of garbage , i am not a racist , have many illegals hispanics i am trying to help get legal , i worked fields right along with them .
ty kirsten same 2u
if bernie doesn &apos;t get the nomination then you can drag your welcome trump suit out .
merry christmas elizabeth .
the prices keep climbing at a record pace when big pharma sees there is a need for the medicine .
wonderful to meet you today , senator .
barbara and other rightwingers , are you prepared to defend the donut hole , preexisting conditions , and recision ?
proud that you &apos;re my representative
i hope and pray you will run for president in 2020 , senator booker !
what we don &apos;t know is why you haven &apos;t endorsed sen sanders yet .
i encourage you and other democrats to get trumps cabinet picks confirmed , especially rex tillerson and jeff sessions so the president has the competent people he needs in these important positions .
but our state of nj , unions are king , so their influence is apropos to my argument ( nationally i would disagree with that ) .
al i miss hearing you on the radio .
in two years we can pursue another democrat senator who promises to forsake donations from the pharmaceutical industry .
cory booker - stop making statements just to make news .
thank you mr durbin for all you do for our state and our country .
happy birthday and are you ready to give others a happy living wage , mate .
if you like your job you better support bernie and we the people you work for .
thank you , and happy new year .
thank you sen merkley
doin &apos; my best , cory .
like @ bernie sanders facebook page .
thank you for saving us from those renegade canadian pharmaceutical manufacturers who are pumping canadian citizens full of unsafe drugs we keep hearing about .
we stand with you kirsten gillibrand
the wrong bill passed the senate today , thank you al for voting for gillibrands bill
i would like to know if any actions have been made in marriage equality and lgbt rights .
i need you to run in 2020
happy new year dear lady .
and you are no better than the current candidates running for office mrs warren
hillary is very vulnerable to that accusation because it &apos;s true .
kamala 2016 !
i believe that my daughter is paying about 7 % on her federal loans - she graduated a couple of years ago .
and will be leaving the democratic party along with millions of other democrats .
it would be nice if no one attended his inauguration !
thank you for your dignity in leadership !
i would not and will never vote for trump , the same goes for hrc since as much as i dislike trump , he put her in her place a number of times regarding her true colors , her blatant hypocrisy .
thank you and have a wonderful and peaceful passover to you and your family .
proud of you , chuck , and greetings from athens , ga .
and we have to wonder if there is a mental health issue in this country . ?
thank you for all of your good works .
it &apos;s clear to me that if members of the u.s. senate refuse to change the laws to reduce gun violence , then we need to change the members of the u.s.
so how do you feel when you see hillary vetting the de-regulation pusher kaine for vice president ?
i &apos;ve always had a lot of respect for mr. schumer and know he has the nations best interest in mind .
happy mothers day , sen. stabenow !
there is nowhere on your page , amy klobuchar to introduce a question on something you aren &apos;t currently posting on .
you &apos;ve overstayed your welcome chuck .
nor am i saying hilary is great ( she is not ) .
how could the democrats have failed us so badly ?
join us at the women &apos;s march on washington !
lucky minnesota has some great people representing it and you are at the top of the list .
corey booker sucks .
now i know schumer is a total idiot .
now you have the gall to post this quote while you , corey booker , actively oppress your constituents and fellow americans who are struggling to afford their lifesaving prescription medications , all so you can earn an extra $ 300,000 + in &quot; campaign funding &quot; .
happy holidays from progressive pennsylvanians .
don &apos;t know whether to hit &quot; love &quot; because miss warren &apos;s words are so truthful , or &quot; sad &quot; because i can &apos;t believe our country has come to this .
the police defend you from the monsters of drugs and violence .
to the staff : i hope you vet some of these comments before you report them to the congresswoman .
senator murray - thank you for continuing to valiantly fight for us .
time to invoke the 25th amendment and declare dt unfit to execute the duties of the president of the united states .
as for helping mn residents , she does not even respond after 28 contacts , but that &apos;s what i would expect from a party stooge .
would you please go tell patty murray that she just betrayed her constituents in favor of licking the boeing boots and we will not forget !
please senator joe donnelly contact me
many thanks amy !
wooow , drumpf in office and protected by the russian , kkk , and his cabinet .
good luck to both of you ........... go warren and obama
when : elizabeth , when ?
cory , your challenges aren &apos;t going to be to reignite hope in us adults ... but in these young adults .
there future filled with mass hunger and wide spread poverty .
give &apos; em hell louise !
show me one criminal who didn &apos;t go forward raping or beating a woman because of the passing of this bill .
happy mother &apos;s day , indeed .
thanks debbie same to you and yours .
please stop with the dem vs repub comments .
i &apos;ve liked you from the beginning amy because you &apos;re such a hard worker !
it &apos;s about hatred and contempt for women and their bodies , sadly .
senator warren , you are losing clout .
elizabeth warren and obama - both &apos; beauties &apos; ... ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
what the hell is wrong with you democrats in washington ?
maybe hillary could do better .
better yet warren sanders : - )
do you also believe that a woman should have the right to defend herself and her children ?
oh my , how did people use phones before amy came to the rescue ? ?
if you support someone who means it , that someone is bernie sanders !
thank you , al franken -- we love you ! !
thank you for speaking out on this issue .
thank you jim himes and the entire ct delegation .
and didn &apos;t you receive about $ 300 grand from the pharmaceutical industry donations ?
being as thoughtful as you are is not appreciated by those who see the world in black and white .
hillary warren is what we need .
9 / 11 is irrefutable proof that countless lives and resources have been wasted on wars of death and destruction , all as a result of an extremely inaccurate , unscientific story , when these precious lives and resources could instead be used to improve our beautiful country and planet .
al frankin alias stewart smalley .
thanks howard
we are watching developments in wisconsin closely
elizabeth warren for president and corey booker for vp the 2020 dream team !
here in ohio its super humid .
end this senseless drug war against pot smokers .
for democratic congressmen to make such a protest is the very definition of immaturity .
but you are too stupid to know the real problem , mr. van hollen .
kamla i recently ran to be sd mayor i reached out to you no response we women need to support each other !
thank you for your past service and your service ahead .
she is actually in mn doing something , not in dc taking bribes
for obama , warren and dems in general , it ; s arrogance , straw-man attacks and placating those who harm us .
http : / / www.westernjournalism.com / obamacare-death-panels-illegally-withholding-treatment / read this article , please , for you own family &apos;s sake .
this lady is pathetic
jeremy munson turned growing hops into minnesota hops company !
sorry amy , i just do not see the benefit .
it is women like you patty , that give me hope .
amy , you &apos;re not even my senator but i love the work you do !
why wasn &apos;t the liar cited for perjury by my attorney , john t. ambrosio , who currently practices in montclair , nj ?
many years ago , i created a unique self-defense course for females which taught to more than , 10,000 women &amp; girls in the us &amp; mexico .
it &apos;s unsafe and a financial drain we can not afford .
i do not support clinton , as i feel that she has accountability issues , and do not feel that sanders is the 100 % best choice either , but trump scares the hell out of me !
businesses have a bottom line but greed always seems to blur those lines .
paper tiger brown .
wow , the greedy crooks on wall street including corsine went wild making &quot; investments and trades &quot; with other people &apos;s money - never their own personal millions .
how can we properly educate our future workers here in michigan if our universities and community colleges are woefully behind the technological times ?
thank you u.s. senator elizabeth warren for speaking up !
the state legislature already removed oregon &apos;s &quot; easy access to guns &quot; under the pretense it would make us more safe , it didn &apos;t work .
it is difficult to maintain a positive when one lives blue in a red state ( nebraska ) and red country .
go back under the bridge shelly pingree you are a disappointment !
keep fighting for bikes earl !
the lawful commerce in arms act exists only to make profits for the gun industry by avoiding legal risk associated with their irresponsible sales strategy of making guns available to anyone .
trump is scum , but sanders is only slightly better .
thank you amy for all of your hard work .
can you give me two examples of his racism , sexism and xenophobia please ?
thank you , kirsten , for bringing honesty to the senate .
amy , when this issue comes up , i hope you will bring up the issue of the mentally ill. no one else is and it desperately needs to be addressed .
so am i. go , patty , go .
bernie is the only one who can defeat drumpf !
inner city blacks are enslaved by progressive policies in perpetual poverty and violence .
bernie showed us the pathway .
# bernieorbust # jillnothill
still way better than hillary !
i would never vote for elizabeth warren !
clinton &apos;s lifetime rating from the american conservative union ( based on senate votes ) is 8.13 % , similar to that of senator bernie sanders ( i-vt ) and senator elizabeth warren .
its time for patty and family to rest and have some peace
open an investigation to the dnc staffer killed at 430 am and you will find your source of all the criminal wrong doings of the clinton machine
sen. klobuchar works for the good of all ..
but for now we are all winners while minnesota is closed
please please run for pres in 2020 .
( 5 ) pami – protection and advocacy protect against abuse and neglect fight for right to treatment for the 4 % in your community with the most severe brain diseases .
get those guns and send their ass back !
thanks for serving our country , tammy .
what do other industrialized societies do about guns , gun control , the mentally ill and young males who have no sense of belonging ?
thank you for working so hard on behalf of the people of washington state .
how dare we as a country deny the man in that line another resource for getting his prescriptions filled out of some bizarre notion that countries like canada are letting their citizens drop dead from unsafe medications .
thank you , senator gillibrand ! ! ! ! !
please continue to stand firm , senator brown .
i never hear her say anything positive about democrats or clinton .
thank you senator al !
my sympathies to the cuomo family .
the thought of these major corporations having direct contact with our policy creation is terrifying .
thank you , senator warren ! ! ! ! !
we will fight alongside russia bullying and hated throughout the world : (
thank you sherrod brown .
shame on attending the inauguration !
it really is hard to screw boston up ... mit startups , investment houses , medical centers , waterfront , classic architecture , humongous tax base ........ menino did fine ... just stayed around 10 years too long .
sorry the drug companies own booker , casey and menendez
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ &quot; one of the guns the shooter used was an ak-47-type assault weapon that was banned in 1994. the national rifle association saw to it that the ban expired in 2004. the nra is the best friend a killer &apos;s instinct ever had .
if you should have learned anything from bernie &apos;s movement , it &apos;s that we &apos;re not motivated by fear , but by the possibility that together we can be , as you said , &quot; a better people . &quot;
i am grateful for your strength and determination .
then , if you don &apos;t like the electoral college get your buddies in congress to get rid of it .
maybe the supreme court will get the picture and know that racism is alive and well .
stay strong kirsten and thank you for defending the rights of women for access to legal , safe medical care .
pharmaceutical drugs from canada are safe .
thank madame congresswoman , no surprise here , you are the true meaning of a public servant .
you do so much for our community and we are so thankful .
the gap between the wealthy and the middle class widened greatly during that period .
&quot; in contrast bernie sanders will not commit to helping down ballot candidates by using his fundraising to benefit the party . &quot;
it would promote cruel animal industrial practices and serve as a federal block to state-level humane policies .
i would support pretty much anyone that warren criticizes .
chuck , do you need to find your safe room ?
i hate to tell you this elizabeth i &apos;m just as afraid of the rest of the racist republican party .
bullies are bullies because the people don &apos;t fight back or resist .
her history speaks for itself - she became the first ... thank you california for the great leadership of ag harris .
your vote for hillary clinton is a vote for continued subjugation , regardless of what the political prostitutes are saying in your community .
we appreciate your vote , senator bennet !
thank you for standing up for common human decency and against bigotry
i am going to vote bernie america wake
the democratic party did this to america by stacking the deck against an honorable man u.s. senator bernie sanders .
i am so embarrassed to be a supporter of elizabeth warren
bravo senator franken !
elizabeth , it is time to step up to the plate and endorse bernie !
you campaigning for hillary clinton after her track record is appalling to say the least .
mr. franken is there anything that you politicians can keep your grubby political hands off of ?
&quot; they hate our freedom &quot; but really , chuck , if you honestly believe these unverified claims to be true , why wait ?
i agree the inauguration is about the peaceful transition of power , and under normal circumstances i would support your decision to attend .
these bastards feel entitled to profit from public resources .
trump is a clear &amp; present danger to our democracy and world peace !
thank you chellie for protecting our right to privacy .
you betrayed sanders and we won &apos;t ever forget it .
thank you amy for your strong , positive , effective leadership .
i remember back in the day when we were fighting for women &apos;s rights everyone said that if women were treated equally they would have to fight in the army .
i was just quoted democrat jon conyers and oh by the way thanks for bankrupting our country and handing our kids a $ 20 trillion debt ... these are facts unlike the lies democrats like pallone and obama have been spewing .
ms. warren , you claim to be for the &quot; middle class &quot; .
.......................... a rebuttal : .... corporations as people ............................. corporations are comprised of people , so are unions , universities , families .
great , elizabeth warren , hopeful for your leadership !
thank you for the hard work jackie !
trump is way better than hillary clinton .
please , vote for michael lapointe
i wish you would remain silent
i don &apos;t know much about him , but from i have heard he did a very good job representing his district and mn .
so thank you amy and you followers for taking away what little life i had
hey frank , how about you worry about getting jobs for millions of americans .
thank you for saying it elizabeth .
so abused women will be no more ?
you are an amazing woman and an inspiration !
democrats blocked legislation dealing with the pigford settlement that would have attemptted to stop waste and fraud ! ! !
only bernie had enough support , a landslide potential , to beat trump .
this is what we have in a democratic govenment : all coming together to achieve justice .
so you &apos;re posting an article shaming progressives as support for your position ?
tester is like all agriculture ( which is what drives our state ) in that he won &apos;t quit until the work is done .
i appreciate that you &apos;re going to still work for us in a bipartisan fashion , but i cannot share your congratulations for these people .
you should have a conversation with bernie , who took busloads to montreal to get their medications .
patty murray ... their basic rights protected ... you can &apos;t even protect us from you or the government !
thank you for doing what you &apos;re doing senator wyden !
i am not a huge hillary fan but she is by far the safer choice .
i pray she will run for office in 2020 !
in the san bernardino national forest .
all mom &apos;s as well as all women should be paid equal pay for equal work .
thanks for your service tulsi .
it &apos;s ironic how republicans criticize everything the president says but it takes the whole republican party to spin the words of drumpf
u go frank .
come on elizabeth its time you on with her ..
agree with liz mason .
but , you say it &apos;s the only place some women can get one ..
i did not realize guinta is currently a member of the budget committee .
warren is worried , and should be .
trump is a chump !
the appointment of prejudiced jurors by bush has jeopardized our democracy .
you have been somewhat of an exception senator wyden .
get a life peter !
saw a picture of steve bannon sitting at the head of the table with jared kurshner looking smug over him .
please do something ... tell this jerks , that my taxes are paying for their income and that they have a health insurance like no other american ... at our e x p e n s e. thank you .
zowe se le puede pedir peras al olmo ?
congresswoman chellie pingree : thank you .
congresswoman suzanne bonamici damage , injury and other .
either fucking fight or you and every liberal in congress should be &quot; tea partied &quot; with progressive democrats that are willing to fight .
thank you peter and thank a labor organizer .
ignore him as he has the iq of dog shit .
you have got to vote against the trump cabinet choices or i will vote you out .
the amendment , which was proposed by sen. amy klobuchar ( d-mn ) and sen. bernie sanders , would have allowed the importation of drugs from canada . &quot;
talk to senator carper who plans to vote for it !
oh wait need to outlaw mcdonalds and spoons cause they make people fat !
hillary is a saint ?
according to the daily beast , harper-mercer &apos;s account on the nearly-dead social media site included two contacts , one male and one female .
let it rip senator !
we can do better by having drugs controlled here in the usa by bringing down the prices .
outta the red and into the blue !
you were amazing and you truly embody the massachusetts spirit and attitude .
i am so proud to have you representing me !
and thank you elizabeth warren ❣
if you would have gotten behind bernie sooner and more strongly she wouldn &apos;t have stood a chance .
i heart rachel maddow .
please help president obama continue the health care reform .
waiting for a democratic response that is logical and not name calling .
also , the loan / grant system is rife with abuses that again artificially inflate tuition costs under the guise of lowering it and pays bank and loan officials on volume written , no matter the circumstance of the borrower .
would like to start a dumb ass get out of politics local event .
and he mispronounced eugene and oregon .
now you must join senator sanders in calling for the removal of steve bannon from the security council ! ! ! ! !
that &apos;s you , senator booker .
trump stated he would get the best talent jeff sessions is not the best .
you mean the repugs ?
is there not a student loan crisis is our country ?
congratulations , illinois .
how about you listen to your constituency and get behind bernie sanders ?
i am proud that you represent minnesota !
also , get rid of the electoral college .
go tammy ... apparently you did well because the trolls are out .
if the astronomical murder rate in the nation &apos;s capitol , in comparison to cities where gun ownership is permitted , didn &apos;t already make that fact clear , this study out of harvard should .
thank you earl for being one of the few people in congress that i respect : ) keep up the good work !
november 8 is what it &apos;s all about vote blue
i &apos;m so proud of these democrats !
thank you , debbie for all you do for your constituents in michigan !
it &apos;s not being for the banks or against the banks .
you made my mlk day .
so happy to stand with you , congressman rick larsen ... thanks for not standing for this move to put 20 million americans at risk of no health insurance .
bravo carol shea porter !
elizabeth : you are establishment and nervous that politicians will be exposed .
so when are you going to endorse bernie ?
real vikings fans will always be back .
rioting doesn &apos;t get you answers , it just creates more problems !
&apos; as a veteran , i do not think that your organizers should be bringing fake &quot; hand made &quot; veterans for guinta signs to rallies and then just handing them out randomly .
- from ingrid ( shirley ma democratic town committee )
can you please mention gun control ?
this &quot; neighbor &quot; from ct says &quot; kudos to you &quot; ! !
i have tons of respect for senator warren but her words are not lining up with her actions , or inaction if you prefer .
how &apos;s that female led misogyny wrapped as corruption treating you ?
may we tip towards justice , peace , unity , inclusion , and equality !
thanks amy , we appreciate your efforts .
and how about an intervention by skilled psychiatrists in narcissistic personality disorder for crying out loud !
but my 90 yr old mother insists 2017 is the vikings year to win the super bowl .
another fine example of the democratic war on women .
this is making cry in kinkos as i wait for my son to finish a project .
this is a lot of crap , mr. booker .
timothy mcveigh didn &apos;t need any rifles to kill people on a mass scale .
@ trey , al supported both .
it is just like in a schoolyard ; a girl wrestled a big bully , and the bully ( fearing defeat ) bites the girl .
trump is what we need in the white house .
cory , you &apos;re an asshole .
elizabeth warren won &apos;t be proud of that part of the obama administration , will she ?
mrs klobuchar , thank you for all you do .
in theory the obama people have done that vetting , but shaheen is way too experienced to assume that .
do you believe millions of men and women would &apos;ve voted for him if these accusations were true ?
i am sick od a democratic party whose only goal is to protect bankers and wall street interests
jenni brown , good point .
the united nations resulution on gun control was voted on and i noticed that you , amy k . , and al frankin voted for gun control in the u.s. i do not want a foreign country telling me i can not own guns .
furthermore , lets get the government running by getting the cabinet through .
and we glorify violence with our movies , our hatred , our greed , and our societal values .
he &apos;s sorely missed .
carolyn maloney my political mom n hillary clinton my mentor n chief , leadership that simply saves lives ...... alex sanchez finance committee hillary victory fund ny # unitedwestand
thanks amy you are a day brightener !
we &apos;re proud of all your efforts for wisconsin , tammy baldwin .
we need the dnc officials to be held accountable and we need real progressives with heart and courage like tulsi gabbard back in there !
our deteriorating infrastructure is a very big concern .
thank you elizabeth for always doing the right thing and speaking the truth !
warren could make obama look like a tentative moderate .... 😮
i believe she is the i only one to vote against all of trump &apos;s nominees .
al , you have my support !
we have so much to be thankful for .. and appreciate your wonderful efforts to represent our great state of minnesota !
senator schumer , i have so much respect for you and appreciate you fighting the good fight for us , the american people - the majority .
i am so proud that you are one of the driving powers in congress .... aas a new yorker i &apos;m proud that you are my senator .
liberals have controlled ma for decades so whose fault is that ?
check out liz warren and do what she tells you to do instead of the banks
i &apos;m so proud that you are our senator !
no thanks to you amy klobuchar .
the analysis was done by the staff of united states senator charles e. schumer , democrat of brooklyn .
hi back to a gold or silver standard , and tell these fools where to go tired of using real blood sweat and tears to get paid fake money .
your doing a great job senator - thank you
you look bought and sold by pharma donations and the liberals will not put up with it .
i am a mutt ....... grandparents of native american decent , british , swedish.german .... et al ..... our parents , at an early age stepped up to fight terrorism on a global scale , can we do less ? ? ?
thank you for being vegan , senator booker .
please run for president in 2020 with elizabeth warren !
because i believe that , and because i was a student loan collections agent at one time , also , i am going to say that &quot; the bank on students loan fairness act &quot; does not go far enough .
amy best end her passive approach in dealing with these threats to life and liberty .
: ) i hadn &apos;t heard of a tnr clinic so i looked it up and its apparently a feral cat clinic .
guinta has got to go .
i hope that we can replace many of the obstructionist gop that are beholden to the wealth of koch , chevron , monsanto and walmart with progressive democrats .
we need you in the senate , tammy duckworth !
elizabeth please change the culture in washington dc .
and we &apos;ll stand with you , congresswoman !
you really are the second coming of hrc - sharing half of a story or a quote completely out of context .
senator booker - when rand paul &amp; ted cruz cross the aisle to vote w / bernie on this common sense legislation , but you huddle up w / the other big pharma republicans &amp; shoot it down ... i gotta be honest , that sends a ton of mixed messages .
i have pretty clear memories of life here from around 1950 on , and i can say that elizabeth warren &apos;s statements above are right on the mark .
# feelthebern people !
no cory not going to weasel out of this .
so glad you are there , amy , and doing such important work for the people of our state and our country !
additionally , i participated in culturally-enhancing events and group workshops , and traveled to major cities to tour historic sites around america ; all opportunities that i would have never had were it not for ub .
senator jeff merkley just announced that he will filibuster trump &apos;s nomination , and he needs 40 more democrats to commit to joining him for the filibuster to succeed .
rick you can have the strictest gun laws like in the city of chicago ... obama &apos;s city and still be the most violent city in the nation since 2012 chicago has had 6,000 shootings and over 1,200 dead .
trump is counting on doing so many illegal , immoral deeds so quickly , that everyone throws their hands up .
although my state of michigan has two great senators , i wish our representatives had your compassion &amp; thoughtfulness .
josh in a drug i think
on dec 16 , 2016 you voted yea on the 21st century cures act .
thank you for co sponsoring h res 752. it means the world to us ❤ ️
among the speakers was connie schultz who spoke beautifully about annie .
wanna support women struggling to take care of her kids why don &apos;t elizabeth warren give all her money away .
you are a paid off pharma dirty dem and the reason trump won ... your career is over now you dirty pig .
? , india is tailor ( hindu ) made democracy , mi , ib , hindu controlled democracy , isro = www.isro.gov.in , remote sensing satellite controlled democracy , a special hindu army = mi , ib , jic = delhi = www.pmindia.nic.in controlled democracy ! ! ? ?
i would like to see you run in 2020. you fought the pharmaceutical companies when all other politicians were in their back pockets , you support women , you always seem to want to do what is right .
cory is personable and down to earth .
you have no clue elizabeth !
dnc is dead to me .
amy , congratulations , i think you have done a wonderful job , and wish you much luck in the future years .
warren sellout
whoop walsh good tammy
you might want to add voter suppression to the issues near and dear to your heart .
keith , you are a real problem in america .
thank- you amy and the rest ! !
dear al .... the donald is only there to get hilary elected ....
rick has had 8 terms representing big money interests , i think its time to elect mike lapointe , and let rick get that creamy lobbyist gig .
cory , you don ; t know it but i &apos;ve been a silent supporter of your for a few years now .
congratulation , congresswoman kelly .
cory booker thank you .
from my perspective , schumer &apos;s decision not to try and encourage other democrats to vote against the bill is proof positive that his decision to oppose the bill was based on politics , not substance .
warren , hillary , obama , reid , pelosi and many , many more are disgusting excuses for leadership in our country .
happy new year and all good things in 2015 !
we the people of the united states of america are the only reason your career exists , mr. booker .
wonderful people , thank you again .
senator blumenthal , i support you just about all the time .
u say those of u who voted for hillary will respect our democracy but there is a petition to get rid of electoral college , rioting and violence against people who didnt vote for hillary .
al franken is one of the few politicians ( amy klobuchar too ) who actually care about their state and what the people a nd aren &apos;t jaded by money , power and fame .
rip govenor cuomo .
&quot; fight is not over &quot; that sounds so violent
the nh state legislature and nomination has very similar issues to those in dc .
darren and i couldn &apos;t be happier after more than 13 years .
# resist herr trumpf
-- alan l. maki director of organizing , midwest casino workers organizing council 58891 county road 13 warroad , minnesota 56763 phone : 218-386-2432 cell : 651-587-5541 primary e-mail : amaki000 @ centurytel.net e-mail : alan.maki1951mn @ gmail.com blog : http : / / thepodunkblog.blogspot.com /
big pharma has made a chump of mr. booker .
hillary clinton is the reason democrats lost the election .
i love how the priest invokes freedom of speech for &quot; christians &quot; when he said in a previous post that because of her views on a woman &apos;s right to contraception he should &quot; never have allowed &quot; the distinguished representative to speak at a particular event .
you would be welcome had someone from your office actually answered your phone ... vote no senator schumer .
needs to go if she supports hillary capitalistic plans !
senator brown has long a tremendous supporter of vets and vet benefits .
both you , ms. warren and our president have been beautiful in the delivery of your ideals and intentions .
who the hell cares if you go to the inauguration or not ! ! ! !
how about standing with all your constituents.john lewis didn &apos;t vote and put you in office to represent him
your constituents and democratic supporters are counting on you .
thank you , for all you are doing tony , hingham massachusetts
and how is hillary different ? ? !
thank you kirsten 😊
i hope to always live in a minnesota that lives by the values of the universal declaration of human rights adopted by the un general assembly in 1948 in paris .
why is schumer allowing every one of trump &apos;s cabinet picks ? ?
... and then you &apos;re going to whup his ass in 2020 .
thanks for fighting for us , senator elizabeth warren .
maybe you shouldn &apos;t have wasted so much money on cuomo &apos;s start up ny and you would &apos;ve had money to prevent this .
we need to make our country more safe senator donnelly .
sleeping with my favorite vet tonight-- and for the last 59 years as of tomorrow !
i got nowhere living in new york .
pamela cooper
smh .... thank you california for standing with kamala and true progress in democracy .
thank you patty for fighting for us .
shame on you for endorsing hillary over bernie ! !
^ you write like an &quot; animal &quot; joe .
i &apos;m grateful for your service , humor , and sense of decency al .
thank you so much senator gillibrand , i cried for my students when i watched her hearings .
we hope you enjoy your $ 300,000 + for voting against labeling gmo &apos;s .
last i checked , your buddy hillary had kkk support , isn &apos;t all that pearly white in character .
but , senator booker , is anyone really surprised ?
senator booker , please remember that the residents of dc do not have voting representation , but we do have proximity if you need volunteers , put the word out .
sen. brown , though not from your state , i &apos;ve been a huge fan of yours and connie as well .
presidient carter banned iranians for the future of entering into the usa .
did you have those same tears when obama did did it for 6 months in 011 ? ? ?
thank you dennis lawrance of michigan for parental rights ( mpr ) for all that you do in exposing the corruptions of the family courts .
this post is one of many reasons i love this woman .
sen stabenow - it &apos;s outrageous that a small group of people , such as yourself continue to act with contempt to sound economic and moral principles !
congresswoman , rep. cheri bustos , you have yet to co-sponsor house resolution 752 by congressman alcee l. hastings !
i have lost all respect for you senator booker .
you could start by persuading bernie to drop out .
absolutely agree with you , kirsten !
bravo , ms warren .
u r already batting 1,000 w / just the ending in your name ... d. harris .
chuck schumer your fake tears didn &apos;t fool anyone .
well , a bit since dems hate corporations .
please help us get the pilgrim nuclear facility closed .
all the democrats are on attack mode for snyder and it was not his responsibility to oversee this situation that has been years in the making .
thank you , senator brown ❤ ️
maintain roe v wade , climate change , equal rights ( civil / human ) for everyone , separation of church / state .
so please don &apos;t tell us to support this man ...... with respect elizabeth warren .
the ec vote is held separate of the election and the electors ( who are chosen by the party of the candidate / the candidate who won the representation ) are free agents allowed to vote as they see fit if they feel like the people weren &apos;t wise in their decision .
@ kenneth corpus : even warren buffet says the rich should pay more .
rest in peace dear joan of art .
any drug being imported into the us should be subject to the same drug pedigree / traceability laws that apply to our drugs now .
this is beyond terrifying .
trump is going to be sworn in regardless .
i would like to see a nomination forwarded , a hearing set , and a yay or nay vote count recorded .
look , eight years ago , the republican leadership might have physically attended president obama &apos;s inauguration - but from the moment he was elected , they were plotting to destroy him and if they took the economy and national security with it , so be it .
and amy , you voted for the dark act , to insure people are confused about what they are eating .
canadian laws empower regulators to recall bad toys , tools , cleaning supplies , clothing and food , but not bad drugs .
spot on debbie .
you embarrass women in politics .
leftovers from the kkk years .
well , when hate is your heritage , it &apos;s important to be hateful !
it seems to me both michigan and us legislation has been more than fair to employers vs employees .
there is much to fear , and bannon is a bellwether .
thank you beto for keeping us informed .
please save the minnesota usps mail processing plants , especially duluth .
women are not denied birth control .
eliminate the electoral college !
you made new york proud today .
get it beto .
i think he made people of a certain age feel it was very cool to be from minnesota !
that was so nice thank you so much you &apos;re definitely an inspiration
thanks for all you do mr lloyd doggett tough enough being ademocrat amoungst our other half
thank you , sen. gillebrand
yeah , clearly you respect the police .
just voted for bernie and it is the first time in years i haven &apos;t felt like i was voting for the lesser of two evils .
why because liberalism truly is a mental disorder !
5. nacy polois and chuck schumer we know money talks , but do not forget that we are watching your relationship with our newly elected president .
dear sen. murray : many , many people in your party have ( correctly ) expressed the sentiment that by focusing on identity and group politics , eventually they were unable to focus on a national message .
please keep up the good fight senator murray .
we appreciate your courage in fighting back against the shameless attacks on women , minorities , and the average hard working mainer .
deep peace please explain your conscious decision to take out your anger on one ethnic group and not all of them ?
thank you , senator warren - we have our work cut out for us this time !
i hope you and the family had a wonderful thanksgiving .
tim kaine wants to raise taxes on half of americans , impose a minimum tax on those making as little as $ 17k .
thank you for acting like an idiot along with all of your other democratic colleagues .
many thanks for your efforts on behalf of all montanans .
thank you for listening to us , chuck !
you &apos;re doing a great job senator donnelly .
if a cop shoots in daylight an unarmed individual .
thank you tulsi gabbard for standing with bernie and democracy .
go join the elizabeth warren cry club , you fool !
how about promoting the idea of allowing women to defend themselves before they become a victim to violence .
al , talk some sense into the tea baggers !
as a transportation planner , i know the great impacts his service gave to transportation in minnesota .
sparks then spoke with the attorney general &apos;s office numerous times , faxing and sending the evidence by mail to kamala d. harris .
we need you back in congress taking care of middle class working families in nh .
nascar does a lot for our military - more than you do betty .
trump is everything you don &apos;t want in the white house .
you tell &apos; em , senator !
happy thanksgiving sen. stabenow !
# feelthebern you dumb motherfuckers .
my mom , who grew up on farms in montana and north dakota and raised 4 kids , 2 of them girls would approve of your work .
happy holidays and thank you for all you do for us !
add easier access to mental health to this as well .
most everything nanny schumer supports is bad .
elizabeth warren was thinking of runnin until she was just moved up into a high position in the congressional senate .
i &apos;ve seen it suggested that this bill is intended to protect large food companies from competition by small food companies and organic farmers .
after all we &apos;ve learned about hillary and the dnc this week comma does anyone honestly believe that she is going to buy the wall street hand that continues to feed her ?
i decided to have a mammogram on inauguration day as i find that necessary but unpleasant event far preferable to watching trump and his cult followers gloat over their destroying all that our amazing president obama and vice president biden worked so hard to achieve .
and thank you minnesota house members for saying yes with your very important votes1
you and the dnc made the bed , now it &apos;s time to lay in it .
now this should be the first female president 🤗 🇺 🇸 ❗ ️
i quess beating women is alright .
let &apos;s be honest ... elizabeth warren is irrelevant .
cory booker you are a fucking sell out !
people that have a problem with ron wyden should look at greg walden ... he licks the boots of bohner and say &quot; no &quot; to everything .
hilary and bernie would make a great presidential couple
it &apos;s the law that derek swore to uphold .
you can divest yourself of the corporation if you choose .
happy mothers day to strongest woman on earth elizabeth .
senator chuck , banning guns is not the answer to the problem .
can you do your job and get the cabinet approved .
the students in washington are lucky to have you representing them in the senate .
i believe peter recognized the seriousness of the inaugural as a peaceful transition of power .
thank you for your sane vote !
i hope you consider dual diagnosis funding and treatment , many drug addicts started self medicating and can &apos;t stop because they have mental health problems overlapped the addiction .
go get it betty .
when your candidate was officially endorsed by the kkk ( 20k financial rdonation ) where were you ?
bobby supports bernie !
kyrsten sinema can &apos;t you do something to change that ?
thank you senator patty murray
you are a strong , smart woman .
i wish you &amp; many of your colleagues had not attended this farce of an inauguration .
so proud you are our senator from minnesota review
you are so correct , elizabeth warren .
well said senator elizabeth warren .
cory man , you need to address your monetary issue with pharma .
please take the time to read our story and help raise the priority level for adoptions in ct. childen who age out very often become trafficking victims .
hey senator murray , what is your stance on the indigenous peoples fight in standing rock ? ? ? ? ?
congratulations jon !
thanks for sharing jackie .
thank you tulsi for opposing this thing overtly .
right on , congressman ellison !
yes , that is why the democratic party needs to choose the best candidate against him : bernie sanders
they &apos;re lucky to have a guy as loyal as you are .
back at you al , love you .
if you have any influence in albany could you tell our dino governor not to allow fracking in ny ?
patty murray , did you receive large campaign contributions from drug companies ?
there are 300,000,000 million guns already in circulation in the us , and between 500,000 to 1.5 million are stolen each year , and end up on our streets in the hands of criminals .
mr. dick durbin .
it &apos;s not guns people it &apos;s people with mental health issues .
maybe it &apos;s time to get to work amy .
thank you senator murray for keeping up this fight against the lies and corruption of new regime .
hi rick , how can us voters get primaries instead of caucuses ?
and thank you for your good work in the senate !
voters in california think it is undemocratic for a super delegate to prematurely choose a candidate before the convention .
i beg you elizabeth warren , for all that is holy and the love of country , please run on bernie &apos;s ticket .
we will miss a very gracious and courageous woman
please keep up the good fight , patty !
we need to rebuild some basic policies about public safety if unarmed public are being killed .
thank you mark pocan
enacting more gun laws is not the answer .
&quot; we the people &quot; have spoken , and we elected senator merkley and president obama .
i believe that marriage is a contract between one man and one woman .
and for the banking crisis .
i appreciate your advocacy for us .
good luck with your efforts and wishing you the best !
endorse bernie 🙌 🏻
tow the democratic party line and obstruct .
thank you senator jeanne shaheen for your continued support and for all you do to protect access to reproductive health care for all .
how is this not a striking historic parallel … in nazi germany they removed books from the classroom , now in the united states they remove a teacher from his classroom to make frank navarro &apos;s lesson even more disturbing .
my two sisters are breast cancer survivors and my niece is going through chemo now for breast cancer
too bad you are opposed to cannabis reform , and you are a servant of the banks .
have you signed on to co sponsor hjr43 to extend the deadline to # ratifyera tammy .
thank you al , mr senator .
thanks amy for your good work .
many chronic pain patients use opioids for acute exacerbations , and are responsible with using the medication .
i am looking for a similar statement from my congressman , gerry connolly .
i am a democratic that might vote for trump if hillary is the candidate .
hillary is toast ! !
the dunes will be fine--now how about the over-spending , debt , infrastructure , michigan roads ( or did you forget where your from ? )
as you know , i lost my father in march of 2011 at the age of 93 ... he was co-founder and senior partner in your current law firm : hanson , bridgett ( marcus , vlahos &amp; rudy )
yeh fat chance of that - however i for one will be grateful that you and bernie are still in the battle for all who care about this planet and each other ! ! !
how will you address our infrastructure issues ?
frank i give you credit .
what are you going to do to help democrats in other states win back state houses and governorships ?
thank ypu , patty !
the electoral college is all that counts . &quot;
peace be still .
we need you and maria cantwell now more than ever .
elizabeth hit it out of the park once again ! ! ! ! !
where is it written or what college do you attend that teaches you how to lead our country ?
please do not waste our time in 2020 , we &apos;ve had enough of lame duck democrats .
i strongly supported senator sanders in the primaries , but , then , was fully on board with secretary clinton---fully .
i am grateful we can all pursue for ourselves .
colleen my response was in reference to the post that brian d. made.he responded to jim t &apos;s .
this is about curbing the epidemic of violence in this nation .
sent on a samsung galaxy s ® 4 &lt; div &gt; -------- original message -------- &lt; / div &gt; &lt; div &gt; from : facebook &lt; update + kr4y2bqyqgyn @ facebookmail.com &gt; &lt; / div &gt; &lt; div &gt; date : 07 / 24 / 2015 5 : 08 pm ( gmt-05 : 00 ) &lt; / div &gt; &lt; div &gt; to : dianne waterman &lt; dwaterman233 @ yahoo.com &gt; &lt; / div &gt; &lt; div &gt; subject : jason bell replied to your comment on senator richard blumenthal &apos;s post .
endorse bernie sanders already , please , elizabeth warren .
thank you senator hirono for your work to improve our immigration system ... my wife ling tan applied for citizenship in feb 2015 , had fingerprint done in march .
this is why trump is zooming ahead .
in oregon we call this liquid sunshine .
thank you for working so hard for michigan !
it is completely unfair to the rest of the states that did not vote to say their vote doesn &apos;t count if bernie concedes .
wishing you the opportunity to continue the great work you &apos;re doing .
i had debbie , the large , beautiful , yellow lab .
i appreciate recent ct gun legislation but the slack gun laws in other states are hindering much needed progress .
elizabeth for president !
thank you congresswoman tsongas for doing everything you can to disarm decent employed white males and females who own legal guns .
you are worthless tammy duckworthless .
i am a solid , moderate democrat and believe me when i say that sinema and barber are losing us with these misguided votes
i believe this would be a good compromise to those who want the presidency awarded based on a national popular vote .
good job elizabeth esty , thanks for increasing the size and scope of government .
over on cory booker &apos;s page he is saying the vote was meaningless , non-binding , largely symbolic in a whirlwind of vote-a-rama , which means the &quot; safety &quot; dodge is also meaningless .
i live in republicanville west michigan now and still have your sign in my yard and proud of it .
your efforts on behalf of us are duly noted and supported !
love this idea , amy !
my black daughter from missoula montana freshman at howard university mr. tester gave tickets to her to this inauguration her and her roommate are witnessing history right now all thanks to you ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
israel did not sit back and let itself be conquered in 1967. while violence will not be the answer against our american opponents , we need the resolve and fight to see progressive ideals raised high again .
minnesota is the poster child for voter fraud , enabled and abetted by leftards such as yourself .
ellison is a good man and congressman , but he &apos;s not the leader we need for that position ... and it &apos;s for the good of the country and the disadvantaged that the democratic party make a comeback in the coming elections .
happy easter to you too representative ellison .
&quot; creating a muslim registry is appalling and doesn &apos;t make us safer . &quot;
running against trump is the toughest test ever .
i do not want to go backwards on women &apos;s rights and health care , and i want equal rights , ( and dignity ) for our lgbt friends and family .
lol ... now , you want to say bernie wasn &apos;t treated fairly ?
failing that , bernie sanders all the way .
it &apos;s an honor to represent your country at the inauguration of a new president .
senator , we need effective gun control .
i think there is value in deterring the use of chemical weapons , to make war slightly less horrible .
i like how people are expecting beto o &apos;rourke to agree to defund aca .
governor gerry mander decided i live in western maryland .
the tpp is something that would be great for you to take the lead on , especially since you have boldy spoken out against surveliance .
the democratic party has refused every single gop offer to open the government .
those who live in glass houses .....
that seems another time now , as my belief was crushed when i saw a man use hatred and slander to win the election .
warren as a senior senator has done nothing for the state of mass .
harris for governor / senator / president , whatever !
shame on ron wyden .
boost mental health care treatment and screening .
bernie , not hillary , is the one who will folow through on these promises .
the dream of equality and peace on earth !
corey booker &quot; is progressive on everything except palestine &quot;
i &apos;m very , very grateful .
mahalo senator shatz !
with respect senator , its also a shame that your snap amendment did not make it into farm bill and a bigger shame that you voted down an amendment to require labeling of food containing genetically modified organisms , for the benefit of the monsanto corporation .
thanks debbie stabenow !
this is a way to divert attention from hillary &apos;s &apos; no one was killed in libya &apos; comment the other day ?
this law could be expanded to drug companies and utilities , etc simular to the gas price gouging laws .
and also reduce the amount of time it takes for loan forgiveness - some students have to wait 25 years despite living through multiple recessions .
you &apos;re a decent person !
nobody wants violence but the police are forcing things .
i &apos;m so proud of minnesota tonight !
thank you so much for your hard work , senator .
( illegitimate presidency cause ) if you don &apos;t believe the u.s. electoral college is &quot; rigged &quot; to ensure ( founding father &apos;s republican ) supremacy , give 1 example of democrats only winning because of the ( 12th amendment ingrained ) e.c.
if you want to stop the rule of corporations in the legislation process , then petition the corporations for the legislation you want .
back bernie al !
@ senatory murray .
uncivil doesn &apos;t equal physical violence .
hey liz , you opinion matters zero percent .
tell him to support the winner , bernie sanders , not hillary .....
o rourke 2020 !
chuck shut up please .
it is the only one which speaks truth to crooked power , bought judicial systems , big agri , big pharma , decent treatment standards and education for its citizens .
senator bennet , you have an entire state full of people who would like a response to christine gabrielle graziano &apos;s question with respect to what you are doing about this .
but i also agree that the prospect of finding another democrat for nj-6 cd who is as good as frank is would present a challenge .
thank you grandpa proud of you and your purple heart rip .
trump supporters are so ignorant they don &apos;t even see the truth about this man .
stop voting for trump &apos;s nominees .
even if there weren &apos;t any delegates , and the nomination was by popular vote , hrc would still be ahead .
as a black person , i &apos;m appalled how soon you forgot how it used to be and still is to be discriminate against .
if trump becomes president we are all in for a rough time .
but marriage is a union of a man and a woman who consecrate a union before the almighty .
2020 cory booker 2020. i will do my personal best to turn the red state of nebraska blue with your help , and the rest of the country as well .
senator amy , you make me so proud to be from minnesota !
it &apos;s not possible to ethically talk about your concern while taking money from big pharma .
the right wing doesn &apos;t want to work with democrats , they just want their own way .
5 dead cops and not even a word form al ?
i have been a huge fan of yours sen. booker- but it &apos;s really hard to understand your vote against sen. sanders amendment to lower drug prices .
well , creating gun registries makes so much safer
looks like mr blumenthal needs to educate himself a little in regards to ballistics before posting on the facebook .
many of the students come from academically and economically disadvantaged backgrounds working hard to make their life better .
you are proud to be part of the hilary campaign ?
but please , no professional activist violence or threats to try and stop free speech .
we need to remember the words of emma lazarus on the lady liberty , which brought so many of our ancestors to these shores , &quot; give me your tired , your poor , your huddled masses yearning to breathe free , the wretched refuse of your teeming shore .
steve bannon unabashedly stands for all of those things .
there &apos;s the willamette valley , and then the rest of oregon .
racism is still with us , alive and well .
warren for pres in 2020
please mr. booker , do the right thing .
which is why you should use your vote to support bernie !
we know you have said we have two great democratic party options * my opinion of hrc aside * , surely , you know who you &apos;d like to see represent your party !
the spike in health care premiums published just prior to the election , no doubt contributed to trump &apos;s win and is a consequence of mr booker &apos;s cozy relationship with big pharma .
i am so proud of my state today , marriage equality for all !
thanks for everything you &apos;ve done , amy .
thank you sen wyden on the pdmra situation .. it is really appreciated ..
i agree with you congresswoman .
the marijuana movement run by dea , monsanto , ( soros also owns dea , also owns the president , so cannabis would be schedule 2 right now if he wanted it to be ) ab2312 - asa / cannbe / harborside / lapcg / - wrote and almost got passed .
truth .. trump is dump truck ....
1. police use gps to track your car and ascertain your daily patterns .
i hate fucking trolls , i really do ..
so fdr might not be the best person to quote .
his brother , john pehle , was asst secy of the treasury under fdr and was responsible for jewish refugees from the holocaust in who escaped to the us ( not many , unfortunately ) .
really cory , i hope you &apos;re running in 2020 !
wounded knee was the deadliest mass shooting in us history !
cory booker , you seem to not realize that millennials can sniff out insincerity a mile away .
thanks for supporting social security , senator merkley !
you go future senator warren !
let &apos;s not forget what one such teabagger did to cause harm to a woman whose whole life has changed as a result of some evil person ( tea-bagging fool breibert ) whomever who told false things about the agriculture woman .
while lined up outside class , i heard it from &quot; lolo &quot; claine , a close friend of my mother , who was walking to the school for her daily help in the lunch area .
gillibrand , do you have some jobs lined up for these people ?
as we know , the big banks don &apos;t need our money , and only want it to the extent that it ties us to their continued existence ( politics ) .
it should not be held by a person who outwardly encourages violence and hatred of one citizen against others .
i &apos;ve supported wide state policies to make sure that we do not provide services to folks in this state not here legally &quot; tim kaine watch and listen to tim kaine , the racist , here : https : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = smtzsajio0e
and again , my thanks for all of your efforts on behalf of all of us .
if you stand for equality cory booker is on your side .
i was so impressed with your questioning , senator kaine .
i am ashamed of franken and dayton .
d. establish minimization procedures that prevent the collection of information regarding u.s. persons not reasonably suspected of involvement in espionage , terrorism or other criminal activity , and require the prompt destruction of u.s. person information inadvertently collected .
thank you cory booker for being strong and brave and truthful and for standing up and fighting for what is right against what is sooooo wrong ! !
i know it is a nearly impossible environment to work in and i appreciate your perseverance , your values , your hard work and good sense .
it &apos;s a scary time .
may 2-6 is recover advocacy and action week i want to thank you , amy klobuchar , along with senator al franken and four representatives , richard nolan , tom emmer , keith ellison and collin peterson for cosponsoring he comprehensive addiction recovery act ( cara senate s.524 and house h.r.953 ) bill .
this is as much your fault as the dnc .
thank you for your insightful and helpful comments !
i shall be proud to return to oregon next year and continue having you represent me in the us senate .
cuz everyone knows fighting cancer is keeping women ( not embryos ) alive .
now that were talking the truth , i don &apos;t think hillary will be any better .
i like u , i &lt; 3 jon stewart https : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = g83upvwr8wu
sanders warren for the new progressive party ! ! !
ramadan kareem to you &amp; to your family congressman , for me ramadan is where i get to see my whole family sharing a meal at the same table for a whole 30 days !
i am sorry mr. van hollen , but who has refused to negotiate ?
i don &apos;t think family planning does anything for woman in nh.i have never seen a ad for them on tv .in nh we have no woman left behind that the only program e
your &apos;re the best , al !
the fda is the problem .
bless the dems in 2015
kamala harris you suck at your job !
it &apos;s such a shame that people like you and sarah silverman can &apos;t legally be tarred and feathered in a public square for the way you talked down to the supporters of bernie sanders at the democratic national convention .
booker 2020. do it !
thank you , congressman doggett , for making this stand and for representing us with integrity .
laura wilker , sister bay .
maybe you &apos;ll be our first female president one day ?
# trumptrain # trumptrain # trumptrain
the words &quot; never again &quot; echo in my heart
donald trump is only in the race to make that girl look like a reasonable option in the first place and you sold out and bought it hook , line , and sinker , lady , losing the respect of lot of those of us who thought you were different from the rest .
also , there are plenty of species of animals who practice same-sex relations , humans being one of them .
thanks so much for all your hard work jackie - you are the best ! !
you do realize that trump has not said or done anything that could be really construed as hateful or divisive .
keith ellison i just heard you ignore chuck todd &apos;s question .
bernie will be the only one to beat him ! ! ! !
please endorse bernie officially
warren and sanders - the death of the progressive revolution ....
what &apos;s happened is the bnsf railroad , which is government funded and heavily investors in by warren buffet who is a friend of obama &apos;s , would lost thousands in profits from this pipeline .
please keep the good news coming , amy !
dnc did not read their own polls .
cool team thank you for your services !
she slandered and attacked her husband &apos;s sexual assault victims repeatedly .
happy holiday to you too .
public figures particularly need to be careful with their use of such words .
i thought it was a corporatocracy based on the amount of influence corporations have on all of you politicians .
corey you broke my heart you are a sell out .
no wonder people are protesting in the streets .
you definitely are working for america , amy !
we could have a bernie as president and a very different future probably .
call it what it is - hatred , racism , fascism .
why did you vote against the secretary of defense mattis , you seem to oppose all trumps picks and they &apos;re his choices not yours .
if it &apos;s so great why did the very author bakkus of montana say it &apos;s a train wreck waiting to happen .
dios la bendiga , elisabeth warren , valiente y culta , que es capaz de describir la realidad de que se glorifica el mismo y ridiculiza con tremenda altanería a todo el mundo , alabandose de lo más importante que carece ......
they &apos;re called assault rifles .
if want to make sure that donald trump is not the next president of the united states , then make a decision .
i &apos;m a california trucker &amp; concerned supporter of a.g. harris &amp; the d.o.t.
let &apos;s try to lessen war and chaos by preventing bannon from joining the nsc .
i would like to thank you and mr. schumer for standing tall , supporting the president and all americans .
i still want single payer medicare and i &apos;m on the san fernando vs = alley affiliate of healthcare for all in california .
that being said , i do salute the little campaign for all of its energy , even if i disagree with a lot of the extreme right wing ideals .
how about you start working on harsher consequences for criminals who harm people ?
well then honey you better be bernie &apos;s running mate ! !
pallone is trying to link az to mlk and , thus , racism .
please fight the good fight for us .
( nancy ) all citizens , republicans and democrats , should call for the immediate removal of bannon .
senator warren , i brought proof of my homecorp ( s ) application whereas , the board member &apos;s demeanor suddenly changed and i was given six-month ( s ) to sell my unit .
he is going to be missed .
thank you sen. ellison for your thoughtful words .
they observed what the press ( didn &apos;t cover ) , what the dnc did , and what wiki leaks had to say and it greatly impacted our votes .
i held you in that category until the dnc convention .
we &apos;re lucky to have you representing us in the senate .
elizabeth , need a stronger response than this ...
keep up the amazing work that you do !
thanks for you hard work amy !
i just abandoned the democratic party for the greens .
your posts are why i have been following you ( as well as continuing to follow bernie and elizabeth warren ) with great interest for some time now .
these are all politicians that are part of the democratic party and promote the democratic agenda .
sherrod you received almost $ 700,000 from unions and their political pacs - double standard you time has come to be replaced !
so corruption still rules illinois politics .
defeat drumpf and get the do nothing government back into the hands of senators and representatives who will get the usa government working again .
liberal ass
i will lose tremendous respect for you if you attend the inauguration .
like the one about joe hawley that colleen tries to give new life to , above .
thank you senator brian schatz .
i agree with you elizabeth , just reading some of these comments makes me sad for this nation .
seems like a silly quote coming from someone who won &apos;t stand up against big pharma .
elizabeth warren is a fascist who turned the state of massachusetts into a police state , her role in the senate is to pass outrageous laws which she then enforces on the public but does not follow herself .
thanks for voting against the people having the right to label gmo &apos;s in their own states , warren .
i &apos;ll be doing my part to remove you from office debbie !
warren is a liberal too ... and her people do all the same things she claims trump is doing .
work w him but run vs him in 2020
thank you senator booker for having the courage to raise your voice .
it behooves all of you in congress to acknowledge this basic , painfully obvious fact and consider using section 4 of the 25th amendment to relieve trump of his responsibilities .
ty and happy holidays to you and your family too
madam warren 2020 🇺 🇸 🎉
you should have backed bernie when you had the chance .
thank you senator schatz for your service and for doing the right thing .
i am so sick of women like you playing that card ....
additionally , i &apos;m impressed with how you arrested , prosecuted and convicted felony elder abuser gwen hughes , for egregiously and inappropriately drugging nursing home patients with anti-psychotic drugs .
the battle for equality continues here sir and it &apos;s getting rough as we see our democratic system disappear on the island .
thank you for your intelligent and committed service .
well , chuck , your spending made the bed .
the dnc is clueless .
if we can &apos;t have you in the oval office , then we must have bernie !
jump in a lake elizabeth or join the others leaving the country 😭
ok ron , stand up to the republicans in the senate .
the solution is gun control and more mental help assistance readily available for all those needing it .
so proud of you and senator wyden .
trump is a new york liberal !
senator booker , we are looking to you to speak out against trump &apos;s appointment of steve bannon .
u r not for women !
thank you , senator , for defending our democratic institutions and for standing up against russian aggression wherever it threatens democracy .
thank you , senator warner , for standing up on behalf of all virginians !
thank you senator - i &apos;ve been a fan of yours since the very beginning of your first campaign - i &apos;ve already signed up to work on the next .
you are time to move to different planet so we can live peacefully .
i saw your comments on a news site , koin 6 : &quot; in my view , ending these massacres will require compromise &quot; of rights and responsibilities , wyden said .
best class ever !
in the big picture , all these damn cars are a big waste of resources and a big source of greenhouse gasses , not to mention a waste of time for all those commuters who could be catching up on their reading while riding the train or bus to work .
hillary has nothing to fear from you .
way to go , peter !
you are a source of light ... and thank you !
this is why we are lucky to have you senator ron wyden .
pleeeaaase run in 2020 !
you voted against pharma price control 👎 🏻 👎 🏻 👎 🏻 👎 🏻
you too al and family .
and now i hope you and your colleagues will work on legislation restricting the economic violence perpretrated by the economic and government elites on the middle class and underclass .
elizabeth save yourself your looking crazy too .
i am so proud to show my support for an honorable and worthy public servant !
isn &apos;t this the exact scenario the founding fathers anticipated when they created the electoral college ?
as usual the democratic party lets us down when it matters .
if you were a real progressive democrat , you would call for an amendment to have referendums , initiatives , recalls , and votes for executive officials on the national level in the same way we have for us on the state level in oregon .
fund mental health
i admire elizabeth warren also .
it angers me that a person can gain a nomination for a general presidential election based on pure hate and racism ( to start ) .
we are voting for jill stein .
keep up your great work , patty murray .
democrats bribed in iraq deal ..... get it while you can al .. http : / / freedompost.org / traitors / senators-bribed-in-iran-nuclear-deal.html
women need all the help we can get !
i would look at the total support for bernie in just this post if i were you .
haters need to move to iran where they will fit in much better .
88 people a day is far too many , and i have a strong feeling that average is only increasing these days .
it &apos;s an issue of equal treatment under the law .
sherrod brown , i admire you -- and your wife , connie schultz !
yet you are a corrupt pimp for big pharma .
sherrod brown you make me proud to be an ohioan .
so let &apos;s go after every politician who has taken a donation from someone ranging from the nra to pharma to big business industry .
it is not any different than what happened to bernie in nh ! ! ! !
bannon is a white supremacist hate-monger .
how about the million or so iraqis who were killed , disfigured , or displaced because of the invasion of iraq that was based on the lies told by bush , cheney , et al ?
keith ellison 2020 ?
joseph
as a &quot; blue collar &quot; citizen i say they all including you mr chuck schumer are billionaires by this point making this a mute point ..... please try again
proud you are my senator , sherrod .
my dream team is clinton and warren
the outcome of nazi ideology coupling with other similar nationalism lead to the horrific atomic deaths in hiroshima and nagasaki .
thank you for your service to our country , jackie .
i understand that education , tolerance and open minds are against the progressive platform , but you may learn something in spite of yourselves https : / / youtu.be / ufkht8dgg8i
efe esenwa andrew pagan she &apos;s about to get trumped
you were great on rachel maddow explaining the the situation and how nj is determined to protect our shore .
thank you so much for all that you &apos;re doing !
can someone tell me how hillary is different than trump on these issues in any substantial way ?
piracy is not the issue , greed is the issue !
good idea senator klobuchar .
hundreds of thousands of guns were purchased from australian citizens and destroyed .
we need more oregon values in washington dc .
your done durbin .
signed ~ a right-wing troll .
oh al you are the best now sheem me and send me to the packing house
please fight trump to protect america our freedom depends on a democrats building a &quot; blue wall &quot; against hate !
keeping on fighting !
follow the lead of senator elizabeth warren .
you say that pharmaceutical industry pressure doesn &apos;t matter to you-- if you &apos;ve been accepting their campaign contributions , how could it not ?
liz , i believe this is the start of a beautiful friendship
sadly the protest is not over .
to remove that bust of him in the state capitol would be to go against his view on the kkk and ordering the termination of it .
when it comes to the workforce how does getting that fixed to make sure we are racially equal in corporate jobs come into that ... i was being excluded based on a computerized grammer test that excluded me from jobs that paid better wages because grammer was an issue .
hilary is a criminal , trump is a complete jackass .
thank you senator wyden 👍
thank you senator wyden for having staff devoted to protecting serving veterans who were illegally having their homes taken from them by the banks .
we need to be able to raise the standard of women &apos;s respect to the levels that dogs in kill mills receive !
frank pallone jr. where is the outrage among the dems for all the things that is happening with trump and russia .
thank you for constantly fighting for what is best for the middle class .
but 2nd best democracy # canada # 1
the nra is not the problem , ron !
you need to take your friend maria cantwell and just go away ... it would do washington a great favor ....
do we know how many of these senators received money from nra for their political campaigns &amp; we know that gun manufacturers support nra
the end of male and female : whatever one &apos;s position on same-sex marriage , one must acknowledge that at the core of the argument for this redefinition of marriage is that gender doesn &apos;t matter .
without her taking the birth control , a massive cyst the size of a tennis ball had grown on her ovary .
senator warren , you seem so transparent .
i am with you elizabeth warren.i wish you wrest in the running .
obama &amp; stabenow !
david , pell grants used to be &apos; under the control of the government &apos; when i was in college in the 70 &apos;s , as were subsidized student loans .
there isn &apos;t any diplomacy with him senator schumer .
yes , the word for that is &quot; stubborn democratic senate . &quot;
the tubman center , minnesota &apos;s leader in assisting victims of sex trafficking and violence could be of greater help in healing victims if there was better funding for operations and services .
bannon is an impossible choice .
way too staged chuck , surrounding yourself with headscarves and forcing some tears ... have you shed that many for those in america and elsewhere who died at the hands of terrorists from those countries ?
this oregon girl thanks you for your service .
# berniesanders can stop trump !
come 2020 you should run for president of the usa .
bannon himself is the darling of white nationalists , alt-right leaders , and racists across the country .
it &apos;s negligent that women make less for the same job in the year 2014 !
maybe kristen can be president of new york when it secedes .
you &apos;re killing the democratic party .
senator elizabeth warren , i just view your video talking about donald trump , no paying taxes , and its great and very well explained .
so glad that you as our congressional voice are standing up for the respect all people deserve ❤
thank you , maxine waters ...
so cory - you have some making up to do - i know bs when i hear it .
in 8 months , i had a new career which i am happy to say i am approaching over 20 years now in the it industry .
because cory is making a name for himself in the way trump did but from the opposite side of the isle .
what happens will be that we with common sense will vote for bernie sanders .
ignore the haters who support trump who is a racist and sexist , i am proud of you for speaking the truth &amp; standing up for what is ethically wrong
there are so many mentally ill people out there , this will happen again .
bill - the grace commission report doesn &apos;t say what you think it said .
amy klobuchar is libtarded , liberals are not like they use to be when they were actually humanists now they are tyrants .
is it true cory booker , that you of all congressman , dems &amp; reps , you receive the highest amount of contributions from big pharmaceutical ?
i am proud to have you serving montana .
great senator and united methodist !
bravo senator brown .
bernie and elizabeth .. sweet as !
and then fix this mess by declaring the winner of the popular vote , hillary clinton , the president-elect !
your departure from the dnc all makes sense now and we appreciate your values .
@ @ @ mr pallone &quot; emergency declared &quot; at new jersey nuke plant after reactor coolant leak — &quot; leakage outside containment &quot; http : / / enenews.com / emergency-declared-new-jersey-nuke-plant-after-reactor-coolant-leak-leakage-containment
i am proud to be your friend .
i guess you support that senator shaheen !
thank you senator klobuchar for cosponsoring this kind of legislation that recognizes the large impact these new businesses are making on a local level !
... people like amy shouldn &apos;t be in office she &apos;s a two faced dragon
schumer , we do not want fake tears .
328 came from what hillary referred to as a basket of deplorables .
she is also a friend of elizabeth warren , harvard prof. who oversees the tarp money and spearheaded this new agency .
while my social views align with the democrats , i just can &apos;t bring myself to vote democrat based on my 2nd amendment beliefs , my pocketbook , freedom of speech impediments ( look at every college campus these days ) , veteran issues , and other domestic issues .
now if the nra cares about peoples safety they would stand up and be against assualt weapons and guns that shoot too many rounds .
i &apos;ve always voted for you , senator murray , and just want to tell you - don &apos;t hold your breath ! ! !
we can agree to disagree but we need to begin to mobilize and be supportive of cory booker who shared his reasoning for his vote , because he respects and values his supporters .
i am hoping that all of the democratic members of congress from oregon follow your lead to make better use of their time than to attend the inauguration .
please consider what happened today though - and what has happened too many times in oregon and across our country .
wonderful , debbie .
scott brown is cooler than u
watched the debate tonight , senator brown , i think you did a wonderful job tonight , and i think that little punk mandel was very rude and disrespectful , he should have been taught some manners ! !
cory booker for dnc leadership # 2017
question on this statement though why not recognize the democratic party in this vs young democrats &apos; ?
burn in hell you piece of shit .
in the house , rep. earl pomeroy ( d-n.d. ) also questioned the program in a caucus meeting last week .
it is my opinion that it is all simply business - unions are simply a way for me to maximize my profits and minimize my expenses just as corporations do .
al doesn &apos;t need it .
sadly , bigotry has no race or economic class !
keep up the great work you do for our state , patty .
why , mark , was it a good idea to vote against affordable drug prices ?
hi there earl , i &apos;m own a small company , and we are a designer and manufacturer clothing &amp; home-goods in portland .
trump represents everything that is wrong with america - the greed , the abuse of power , the ignorance , the violence , the false pride , the cult of celebrity .
joe walsh has been nothing but an embarrassment to this state since elected to congress .
please block trump &apos;s nominee sarah palin , veterans deserve better
despite saying that you work for all new jerseyans , the money from big pharma taints your claims .
why then did you vote against big pharma .
please do not normalize trump by attending his inauguration !
so glad senator claire !
good idea : but i am alarmed that you are supporting tpp !
the student loan issue is another problem .
# feelthebern senator warren .
so proud of minnesota !
the minnesota permanency demonstration project ( a five year study from 2005-2010 ) showed that kids whose adoptive homes.receive equal subsidy stay in those homes longer than adoptive homes without full subsidy .
love ever tv and movie he was in , one of my favorite was murphy &apos;s romance
i appreciate your kind words cory and i love you .
but i &apos;m glad your thinking of moving forward .
thank you for your integrity representative ellison !
i see a day or mourning when obama leaves the white house .. lots of depression , tears and anxiety this winter.i can &apos;t say how much i &apos;ll miss him .
voting with big pharma .
be brave like governor cuomo showed
i am so glad i blocked keith , mark , bill and jeff .
get out in the streets with us senator bennet !
if republicans don &apos;t like you and they can get beyond putting you down , insulting you , and gaslighting maybe they can tell us what they think dt can do for them ... i just don &apos;t see him helping them though .
it was the headline someone at the newspaper put on his op ed piece .
did i just read senator warren endorsing bernie ?
this is not about trump , it &apos;s about how we do things in a democratic society .
* * when my brilliant talented sister elise was first hospitalized with a complete mental breakdown , she told the staff that her parents were dead and she had no siblings , when in fact her parents were alive and she had eight siblings who cared deeply for her .
lily gordon kelizabeth warren is even being awesome on mother &apos;s day
thank you again amy for everything you have done ! ! !
and what about the butcher of benghazi spewing lies about being a champion of equality for women while she has protected a serial rapist husband for years .
congrats tammy , we need you
so i &apos;m begging you , please endorse bernie so we the people don &apos;t have to suffer through four years of trump .
correct sen kaine
imagine the implications of iran , n. korea and the world thinking that the international community is impotent to react to atrocity like this .
it would be nice if my gen could have more affordable college or loans that don &apos;t equal putting us into poverty unless we get a job at goldman sachs
i hope you will also join the sen. from ct in the filibuster against assault weapons .
you have got to be kidding to vote for the fast track of the tpp .
happy new year mrs wassermann , , , to you and your family , from minnesnowta u s a
yes there are sub-par drugs hence the protections he &apos;s fighting for
thank god we have you peter .
thank you for challenging the outrageous trump transgressions , .... hidden taxes , undigested holdings , intrusive family members , hacking and fake news sites during the election , and nominations of destructive cabinet members !
i am sorry for your loss , jackie .
kamala you &apos;re the best !
you &apos;ve taken $ 360k + from big pharma corey .. cut the bullshit !
you are one of the major reasons the dnc lost .
fdr for confronting the big banks !
joe walsh needs to go ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
italians have an expression for wishing good luck without jinxing the person .... in bocca al lupo ... in the mouth of the wolf !
not that governor cuomo has been around the state a couple of times today in a helicopter surveying damage .
and as they never hesitate to use all the wrong techniques like lie / cheat / organized bluffs etc too , and as they are habituated of keep doing these things while using me for years , along with organizing violence on all those parts of world i visit .
just another corporate democrat .
this coming from a college professor who makes how much ?
progressives are done with the dnc .
she lost with the same electoral college that put every one of your previous libs in charge .
bernie nor hillary are gonna change that
i am at a ten year survivor rate and so grateful
&quot; republicans join us &quot; - another progressive euphemism for &quot; do it our way &quot; .
coalition to stop gun violence
how many crimes by legally owned guns last year ?
drop your support for the freedom-killing , corporation kowtowing sopa bill .
thank you for your support in gun legislation .
that &apos;s right , earl !
kudos elizabeth from berkshire county in the great commonwealth of ma .. we are proud of you ! ! ! ! !
excuse me , but no , the violence against women act had expired .
ppl are sick and tired of politicians linked to wall street and lobbyists .
as for your argument that guns don &apos;t kill people , people do here &apos;s this : that &apos;s why we want mandatory safety courses for people , not guns .
i &apos;ve just decided to attend the women &apos;s march on washington to stand with like-minded people who are terrified of the what the next 4 years will bring .
you &apos;re our girl !
congratulations to the new democratic senate minority leader chuck schumer !
if pharmaceutical money makes no difference to him he should not have needed it in the first place .
too many fights - one-upmanship - i really thought , since you seem to be such a sweet sweet lady - that you would honor your colleagues ...... it is so sad .
i find it strange how you can adore senator warren one day , and then be ugly in your comments about her the next day .
one site , under the gmo free jackson county , ( oregon ) , has horrible posts .
have you considered running for president in 2020 ?
they made a transition into everything president kennedy was against .. strange days ..
take away a woman &apos;s right to her own health choices .
i would say don &apos;t just stop at the idea of banning assault weapons .
thank you sen. kaine !
thank you senator : )
i am grateful too .
thank you louise for always doing the right thing for the right reason .
same old democratic crap .
we are sure fortunate to have an intelligent senior like you ms. nancy pelosi thank you for all of your service to the nation and our state .
stop this man and his unfit cabinet members .
and you , elizabeth warren , are acting just like him !
i hope you have a merry christmas too debbie !
in light of the revelation of the meeting of a group of republicans on obama &apos;s inauguration day whose sole purpose was to &quot; plot &quot; to oppose anything proposed by obama at the expense of the nation , why would this &quot; plotting &apos; not be treason ?
she does need security his followers are very dangerous and full of hate they do exactly what trump says watch his speeches as his followers beat the hell out of anyone who disagrees with him
have you seen the movie divergent elizabeth warren ?
senator schumer ... the american anthropology association ahs announced it may boycott israeli academic institutions .
veteran here in wa hope he does it all
all i see is hateful rhetoric and violence from the left side of the aisle which is mainly coming from bernie &apos;s folks .
when you cried for these detainees , you put a knife in the heart of all the families who experienced the tradgedy of 9 / 11 .
correct me if i &apos;m wrong but no one is saying men have to marry men and women have to marry women .
loans should be affordable for students and a rate of 10 % + is not affordable for a middle class mother of 3 .
i was a democrat for 35 yrs until 2016 obama and the dnc showed me that i had been wasting time with the dem .
god warren .
wake up pallone .
thank you chuck for all the work you do for us .
thank you for all you have done for nh .
senator schumer , we need you to stop him !
sounds great amy who is going to pay for it are my taxes going to go up
raising wages is just a temporary fix , and just not good enough .
here &apos;s democratic whip steny hoyer talking about the &quot; make it in america &quot; agenda on msnbc &apos;s &quot; morning joe &quot; shoe this morning : http : / / www.democraticwhip.gov / content / whip-hoyer-discusses-make-it-america-agenda-msnbc-0
when women aren &apos;t paid what they deserve , middle-class families and communities pay the price .
i am grateful that young women can look to you for another example of a strong , smart , principled , public service oriented woman .
congratulations and thank you for all your hard work !
democrats are evil so as republicans.you all cry babies .
i wonder if she &apos;s hillary &apos;s closet lesbian girlfriend .
i defnitely agree with your post , debbie .
patty ... i &apos;m so glad that you are on the side of &quot; caring for others and not just thinking about yourself &quot; side of politics .
still calling all bullshit colleen - if memory serves , wasn &apos;t your major concern of the bill section xxxiii for it might contain paid administrative positions and thus would be too expensive .
make him remember he is there because he works for us- let franken know we won &apos;t tolerate sopa / pipa !
well joe , i got a great read for ya , romans 1. i &apos;m sure you &apos;ll like it .
maybe you should go back to saturday night live , al .
here &apos;s what else is real : bernie does much better than hillary against drumpf in the polls .
in 2008 the gop had such sour grapes over losing so much power , so they decided that their strategy was to stop any democratic or obama initiative so that in 2010 and 2012 they could point to the dems as failures .
do away with the electoral and go straight popular vote .
thank you debbie on behalf of my granddaughter and great-niece !
dear congressman cleaver ll please find it in your heart to cosponsor house resolution 752 to do with the barbaric torture , treatment &amp; slaughter of innocent dogs in china .
please use your position and legislative power to speak out and end this trend , for this goes against the foundational principles of our democratic ideals .
that is quite an over-site , glad you &apos;re on it rick .
it &apos;s coming here soon because amy doesn &apos;t understand leftist ideology or radical islam .
this election is not about gender .
take the pacifier out of your mouths and recognize donald trump is the greatest threat to our democracy since mccarthy .
you have got a tough job , claire mccaskill .
just make it official and run for vp on the # berniesanders campaign .
back attcha mr. yarmuth .
cheaters are cheaters forever
you had a chance to vote for the re-importation of drugs from canada .
governor snyder should be impeached .
thank you sooo much senator elizabeth warren for speaking out ! ! !
they fought for freedom and that is what sherry peel jackson is doing !
thank you for your hard work and dedication to letting our voices be heard !
thank you , rep. doggett , for truly representing the people you serve .
that makes you a sleazy big racist .
parenthetically , why do you think progressives believe right-wing lies about hillary when they believe nothing else that come from that source ?
we as democrats must be united going into the convention , at the convention and on to the election in nov. we need to support and stand with hillary and elect democrats up and down the ticket ! !
thank you congresswoman for your great work !
guns don ´ t kill people ... well , except in oregon .
true enough , but my experience is that far too many liberals differ from trump only to the extent that they dress up their fascist tendencies more fashionably and discreetly - and therefore more deceptively .
too bad the unaffordable care act has put healthcare out of the reach of millions , but not you debbie , you exempted yourself .
i left you a voice message inviting you to attend a protest at the ontario airport ( your district ) and stand in solidarity with the community of immigrants .
i hope and expect you will also so courage about the other questionable nominations .
can we clone elizabeth warren ?
i suppose that ton of pharma contribution $ helped you make that difficult vote .
i hope kamala harris will be tough on child molestors .
impeachment or electoral college .
donald trump &apos;s inauguration five million will miss work that day and save 90 million layed off workers that obama created with his policies .
there is no reason that people in this country should have to choose between food and medication especially when countries such as canada , mexico , bulgaria and many others are able to provide reasonably priced medications to their people and assistance to seniors and the poor .
i am super proud of all the bernie supporters posting here .
the school district there has been un able to provide him with needed services and now he lives in tx in a in patient mental health facility .
maryland is now the # 1 state in the union in forclosures .
she said she reconsidered calling the police when she realized she would be accused of racial profiling ... that is exactly what farook and his wife did when they unloaded their guns on their unsuspecting victims .
thanks for your service to our country , lt. col. duckworth .
we want you to vow to fight for our democracy and watch this con artist like a hawk !
i was born and raised there , and hold on to those minnesota values down here in texas .
so glad you are our minnesota senator .
live in mass we don &apos;t know she made it power hungry lies like her friend hillary
instead of backing the progressive movement that bernie had brought you backed a corrupt person that no one likes .
we have to agree that the majority of the gun violence is carried out be people who have mental issues .
happy birthday to our current and future senator !
thanks for looking at the bigger picture- there are mental health concerns here - affected by one &apos;s ability to find employment and contribute .
thank you especially for your last paragraph &quot; from my family to yours , i wish you a shana tovah and g &apos;mar tov - a happy and sweet new year .
good lord sherrod , quit your whining already
how have we come to redifine and need more laws to get equal pay for equal work .
i am very disappointed in and frustrated by your nay vote on the amendment to allow us to import drugs from canada , senator .
i implore you to do your duty as an elected representative ( hence the job title ) and support u.s. senator bernie sanders .
minnesota needs more jobs and vibrant economy .
schumer is enabling &quot; human genocide &quot; .
except for the tpp .... don &apos;t appreciate you standing for that at all , senator wyden .
ok can you write up a similar review for hillary please
i voted for scott brown !
on this occasion , please urge california to honor equal rights for women doctors .
thank you senator dick .
geez , rick .
thank you senator kaine for your questions to ms. devos !
well i amy i have more faith in citizens of this country being able to make up their minds on their own .
just not against the greed of pharmaceutical companies , right ?
gongresswoman bonamici , please please please , help begin real conversations about mental health fitness in this country .
you did make it , thankfully , and you &apos;ve been given these years to really make a difference with your voice for all of us .
mel , thanks for telling us your comment is bullshit .
that &apos;s okay , though , she &apos;s a tough cookie !
strange elections like franken and dayton , democrats finding votes in car trunks and uncounted machines in democrat areas .
an ode to civil rights movement and dr. martin luther king : &quot; we , 1st generation asian ( indian ) american students do not see ourselves as brown , black , or white- we are all equal &quot; – is it a myth ?
hillary clinton will be the next president and with the senate most likely in democratic party hands again , a more liberal choice is assured over garland if hillary clinton picks .
change your vote to bernie sanders .
big fucking deal ! ! !
you has been an inspiration to me as a woman in politics now , i &apos;m a candidate for city council at large in lawrence , ma maria de la cruz 978-303-7243
trump for prison !
jon tester 2012 ( y )
would it be helpful to call members of wa who are not in our district and are republicans in the house ?
happy thanksgiving senator brown and you family ... blessings .
we need you to resist if this is going to work .
nancy don &apos;t worry about issa ... why didn &apos;t frankie here help you out ?
bless your heart , amy !
let &apos;s reconsider getting bernie !
whatever the usual reasons folks voted this time , the basic motivations were classic---racism , sexism , ethnic conflict , ignorance , and the habit of being afraid to think .
50 fraud electoral college votes for trump .
trump is making the world a more dangerous place for americans .
big up sen. ron fe this legislation-- i-man haffee read it yet still , but the sentance synopsis sounds irie &apos; .
keep up the fight , brother ellison .
let warren feed and take care of all the illegal bums here .. she probaly already has a house full working for her now ..
so marriage can be between same sex so we wont discriminate , what about having more than one wife or husband ?
big pharma bought you .
right call al !
you have all the best qualities of bernie and hillary without any of the drawbacks .
president osama has overreached and bypassed congress thereby becoming a dictator and no one in the democratic party cares , they open the door for hillary clinton to do even more damage .
the violent crime rate is highest in american cities with the strictest gun laws .
there are 16,000 homeless vets in los angeles .
too many employers are using the &quot; must &quot; have degrees or unemployed need not apply arguments and senator schumer said they were going to put a stop to this in new york .
thank you , my thoughtful and diligent senator klobuchar .
however , it would be wise if the &quot; powers to be &quot; in this country and in both parties recognize that the popularity of both mr. trump and sen. sanders is due to the way &quot; business &quot; has been conducted in this country .... and i mean business .
being from outside the us and looking at trump and his speeches i fear for the future of your country if this egomaniac is elected to lead it .
for these reasons , bernie sanders stepped up and took on the establishment .
liz from what i understand you are the same type of person hillary is - corrupt and no skills - ( you know what they say , those who can &apos;t become senator &apos;s , those who can become president ) .
rep. chu , thank you for providing this opportunity and for being such a great champion for our environment and our great outdoors .
hillary clinton shouldnt even be allowed to run !
we need elizabeth warren in the senate .
you support wall street .
just don &apos;t hold your breath , we &apos;ll need you healthy in 2020 .
too bad the law also &quot; protects &quot; insurance corporation profits .
unions allow people the opportunity to organize for a living wage , giving workers more money with which to support themselves and our economy .
so please fight forbernie if you want a democratic to win
about 3 months ago the new york review of books had an excellent piece concerning ms devoss .
read the article folks - she is not running for anything she is the new executive director of the mt dem party and that is amazing !
happy new year congresswoman beatty !
thank you elizabeth for standing your ground .
bernie sanders is so honest you think .
i think you need to refuse your paycheck or donate it to a minnesota charity as long as government workers are not getting paid .
happy 4th of july to you and yours , senator bennet ! !
as far as your 2nd comment regarding rhode islanders overwhelmingly voted against this , i challenge you to produce evidence of such a statement .
an odd statement coming from elizabeth warren .
christopher - you must be slow , because if you actually read the link , you &apos;ll see links to other sources , some you might not like , but if you click on those links , you &apos;ll see even more links , usually to original source data sets .
most disheartening is that you made a choice to endorse a candidate last may without letting the democratic process happen and seeing how your constituents felt .
on election day i received a text from the hrc campaign to also vote for you .
patty i think your doing the right thing--keeping washington state economy alive !
https : / / www.facebook.com / photo.php ? fbid = 260156744187841 &amp; set = a.142656825937834.1073741830.135665053303678 &amp; type = 1 &amp; theater photo timeline photos voter id is easy ... www.eaglerising.com by : eagle rising
thanks ... now , what &apos;s your excuse for supporting the neville chamberlain appease the rich tax giveaway and dismantle the fdr social safety net bill ?
please also look @ hilary being fired / dis-barred , lies about benghazi , lies about clinton foundation , lies about uranium sold out of canada to russia , lies about server &amp; so much more .
that is the problem , not gun violence- mental illness and human violence is the problem and should be the topic and priority .
most of their medication is made by american pharmaceutical companies .
ok i &apos;m questioning your bad vote on the pharmacy issue in canada .
joe - i was just going to say the same thing .
let &apos;s get it right amy .
mrs murray we do not ask for or desire safety assurances for buying drugs in can represent us .
hey erik : two words -- al d &apos;amato .
at least trump says he will protect social security .
sorry elizabeth - he &apos;s going to have to do more than that ( which is a stretch ) before i ever respect him and call him potus .
gary johnson will get 40 % ( 50 million - independents , # nevertrump repub , # neverhillary folks , bernie supporters who wanted a change , and libertarians ) of total votes in general election !
the greatest democracy on the planet ! ! ! ? ? ?
senator klobuchar , i hope arkansas can follow in minnesota &apos;s footsteps !
thanks for your work on this , mark .
maybe oregon can learn from california &apos;s experience .
elizabeth warren is one of this country &apos;s brightest and best-thinking congressional leaders .
i &apos;m grateful for your reliable , steady service to us all here in michigan !
time to take a stand against fossil fuels .
jared huffman , you were the easiest vote i cast .
thank you for your hard work as a public servant .
we can also see what happens in mn when some far out group decide they want to file a law suit , they will come to mn and file in the district court knowing that they are super liberal and that in most of the country would be thrown out .
i am sincerely disappointed in some of your crazy spending proposals in the stimulus packages , rick .
i don &apos;t care that your facebook speech here says that pharma isn &apos;t in charge .
run yourself or back bernie in the contested convention , but for the life of me don &apos;t tell me it &apos;s hillary .
i know you will work with chuck schumer to stand up for the ideals of the democratic party and for new york .
i so admire both ms. clinton and ms. warren ... and thanks to both of you for being role models .
we need to have protections for native american women too- as a group they often have the highest statistics for victimization from domestic violence , and the least amount of access to services to help with the after effects .
keep fighting for us chuck !
and we all know you aren &apos;t fake news !
senator joe donnelly it &apos;s time the same-sex couples of indiana had civil rights too .
i know that i would , chellie !
btw .... hobby lobby pays their employees 2 times the minimum wage .
democrats planned and perpetrated the whole premeditated congressman john lewis controversy .
good luck ms. harris .
good looking out , elizabeth , i return the salute as an honor to such a one as you are to our great nation girlfriend , we know we have a great leader in you that knows what respecting hard working soldiers is really all about , salute !
elizabeth warren you should be running for president
i felt the same for the portland mall victims .
i may live in vermont but you are not my representative .
thank you for trying rick .
thank you senator murray for fighting for our veterans .
joe , what does this ( district ) have to do with you , a new yorker who lives in arizona ?
if you are in dc , there was a protest at dulles .
law enforcement is not helping and if your doing or dealing drugs more power to any agency who goes into your home !
i expect you to keep devos , pruitt and sessions out or your words are meaningless .
the michigan senator have been controlled by liberal democrats for far too long ... time for a change !
take good care of yourself , senator mccaskill .
i suggest you continue that trend and the change your pledge to bernie sanders in order to keep that whole good for democracy thing going .
thank you for all your hard work in the senate !
they are saying that it is most likely because of how much money / donations you get from big pharma .
thank you , sen. donnelly .
people buying from licensed pharmacies that require a prescription are just as likely to get a well formulated medication from outside the us as in .
also , hobby lobby invests and profits from companies that go against their religious beliefs .
if you must boo at anything , i &apos;d boo at that , if i were you .
lets cry chucky
caint cry ova spilled milk , haters ! !
i am saddened , relieved , furious , disgusted , frightened and dismayed .
to everyone praising frank , you have bought a pile of crap covered with whipped cream , the thin coating of whipped cream looks very nice but look at whats underneath .
i knew that congressman beto o &apos;rourke wouldn &apos;t answer questions about the aca / insurance for his staff and himself and his family .
trump for americans , hillary for wall street .
will you walk with us on 1 / 21 women &apos;s march .
i send for most of my medication from canada where there cheaper than my copayment here .
great day for a parade , and a rally for the middle class !
please explain why you voted against sen u.s. senator bernie sanders pharm bill .....
obama was elected president and during his time in office bin laden is dead , gm is alive , the recession is thawing , a depression averted , healthcare is culminating , dadt is repealed , women &apos;s rights are protected , and more work is under way toward equality - all in spite of an obstructionist congress .
hillary &apos;s camper bus dumped black water into the street .
so many millions of people in american and around the world are very we are about to lose our democracy .
hillary clinton may have planned to talk about &quot; our progressive values , &quot; al franken , but she does not share them ; she &apos;s just pandering to us until she gets elected .
super - thanks
thank you for your concern and help ,
thanks sen. brown
poll : seventy six percent of college graduates support marriage equality .
bernie sanders and elizabeth warren .
imagine what just 1million a day could do for the oregon food bank ? !
so proud to have you as my senator !
thank you so much senator joe donnelly for supporting equality for everyone !
al - what was in the states rights amendment to the farm bill that you voted against ?
# onlytrump # presidentdonaldtrump # trump2016 # neverhillary
medical assistance finds employer health insurance &quot; cost effective &quot; ... reimburses $ 40 premium and pays $ 3,000 instead of medicare and ma paying 100 % .
amy , please be sure to vote to eliminate congressional exemptions from obama care when it comes up , if its good enough for me it sure has to be good enough for thee ...
so nicely written so positive and beautiful .
when i read this ... i thought you were talking about hillary clinton !
and the kkk is now claiming it &apos;s a religious organization .
hang tough , cory !
justin to get a truer picture of planned parenthood &apos;s love for women do a little research on the women who have died at their clinics and women who have changed their mind about having an abortion only to be forced to have one .
i am still waiting for my student loan questions to be answered .
i suggest you reread all of your campaign statements and try to understand that you drove a lot of trump supporters to the polls and were a major factor ( not the only ) in secy clinton &apos;s defeat .
you fucking traitors !
i don &apos;t listen to sellouts , elizabeth .
hillary clinton
your un-american cowardice is duly noted .
canada &apos;s drugs are the same if not better than ours .
congressman yarmuth , as one of your democratic constituents , i am very disappointed with your politically divisive comment , and i am glad that you are not a member of the u.s. senate .
committee : senate energy and natural resources committee call : chair lisa murkowski 202-224-6665 call : ranking member maria cantwell 202-224-3441 script : i am calling sen _ _ _ _ in her role as the chair / ranking member of the senate energy committee .
klobuchar 2020 ?
karen , frank has been around so long because 3 months before every election he sprinkles candy around , postures himself as &quot; for the people &quot; and outspends his opponent 10-1 or more .
when were both supporting cory booker for governor will you agree with anything i say
corporations are becoming more hostile to people seeking work than ever before .
the average republican member received $ 19,673.28 from corporate tpp supporters .
some choose to align with the force , the all powerful god and creator of the universe and the rest have chosen to align with the dark side and live in the matrix of deception .
if you want to rebuild the democratic party i beg you and the leadership to build nation wide outreach systems of support and communication to allow those citizens to channel their rage and anger in a positive way .
mark i don &apos;t think colleen undersands who is going to regulate consmuer safety , protection of the worke retc-the feds or the local government ?
the best chance of winning against trump is bernie sanders !
the rioting needs to stop , the vandalism and taunts need to stop .
to mr wyden sir .
these banks are in desperate need of regulation .
please boycott the inauguration and show trump that we will not stand idly by while he dismantles our democracy .
and congratulations to you as well , kirsten
1. the medications in question are not abortifacients .
i &apos;m confused as to * why * canadian drugs are cheaper than drugs in the us .
trump is getting endorsements from some famous people .
maybe democrats like you ( who i have great respect for ) should have paid attention to the bernie movement .
earl blumenauer .
happy birthday , now .
america is teetering on becoming a fascist nation .
women must be able to control their own fertility !
stand by elizabeth warren !
hillary and obama for the jailhouse elizabeth warren for the psychiatric ward ......
bernie couldn &apos;t win even with your support .
the protesters inciting violence at trump rallies are literally the definition of terrorists .
taking a stand against the bernie brayers is very important , and i applaud you for doing it .
thank you , jackie for all you do , too !
senator klobuchar , do you support ending all taxpayer subsidies for oil , coal , and natural gas ?
go get &apos; em , chellie .
which gutted fda regulations and fast tracked experimental drugs - the exact opposite of keeping prescription drugs safe .
here is what is also real , he will win our state ms. warren , i fear if we do not nominate senator sanders .
thank you for your commitment to regulating predatory loan practices , separating mortgage lending from risky investment banking , seeking solutions for oregon &apos;s skyrocketing childhood obesity rate , bringing clean industry into our state , and finally your commitment to establishing equality for all american human beings .
thanks , amy , for keeping us posted !
perhaps you can do something to get rid of the electoral college for us .
if this comment section was a piece of paper , i &apos;d rip it up .
all new yorkers are lucky to have you !
but he &apos;s better than hillary
transporting oil on trains is much more dangerous than in a pipeline .
mr schumer you are showing great leadership , thank you .
so untrue debbie !
if you call us teabaggers , nazis , brown shirts , astroturf , homophobes , xenophobes , racists , extremists , or domestic terrorists .
your action towards heald college led 16,000 students to suffer .
how can we get smarter about voter suppression efforts ?
cry all you want .. trump is in charge now ... either follow his lead or stfu ....
i very much agree we need to be able to get cheaper meds
thank you for continuing to be a rational voice in the midst of so much insanity .
if you live in a state whose electoral votes went to trump .... there is a legal way to have your state &apos;s electoral votes voided .
# womenfortrump2016 # neverhillary
how the russian crisis is handled will determine yours and the legacy of every member of congress .
i hope you run in 2020 !
this shows one thing racism is alive and well in this country
realize you do not represent all of oregon read your law ! ! !
please , senator durbin , help us to protect freedom of the press , the secret deals going on with gags on the government officials resonates with ongoing influence from putin .
all because of false beliefs : that the meat will taste better if they are tortured and that whoever consumes the meat will have human super powers .
a texas rancher without a gun lives only in chicago .
https : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = b9ns-htyba4 &#91; &#91; sticker &#93; &#93;
yet i feel that those women who have chosen to not protest are viewed as weak .
just as bad as you and schumer not answering your constituents when we begged you to speak with us about the gas pipeline in our national park at floyd bennett .
do a good job and make all women proud .
grateful to have you and kirsten gillibrand as my senators .
i wish you &apos;d run for president elizabeth !
you are perfectly right rep. tulsi gabbard .
was going to read the quote but then i saw elizabeth warren in front of it ...
you spoke to my unit as we were leaving for our deployment in 2009. you said you would always fight for the soldiers both men and woman of the minnesota national guard .
please elizabeth don &apos;t let us women down .
i wonder what this violence proves ?
i hope you get the dnc position and bring progressive values into the democratic party once again .
trump is the lesser evil so go trump !
i cannot believe how lucky we are to have both you and amy serving us in the senate .
all that i have said about markey is true .
i feel better knowing you &apos;re there to fight for sanity , but i &apos;m not expecting to see much beyond chaos and lost ground for many americans in the next four years .
also -- stand with kirsten and with warren ...
thank you for your leadership , senator klobuchar !
.i fear for the violence thats ahead .wake up people .
thank you congressman , i live in wa state .
( 2 ) democratic senators schumer , menendez , manchin , cardin , former dem .
kamala , will you be attending and hopefully speaking at the million woman march on washington ?
we know you will do hawaii and the country proud .
congressman john lewis took that walk with dr. martin luther king jr. many many years ago in solidarity for civil rights .
you stabbed bernie in the back , corey .
vote for bernie instead !
red to blue in november : )
no coincidence when you look at the list of senators benefitting from big pharma .
i &apos;m ashamed to call myself a new yorker with you as our senator .
i am appauled that , first of all , the democrats rammed through a partisian bill on a major health care reform .
this decision actually puts more distance between corporations and the doctor &apos;s office .
congresswoman suzan delbene please tell me that you have not voted 66 % in favor of trump &apos;s nominations , orders , etc .
do you hate men senator ?
seriously , where are the statistics that drugs imported from canada are sub-par ?
agents treating people rude on the pedestrian bridge area .
know we can count on you , senator !
today let &apos;s start your campaign for 2020 .
thank him for all that he has done to promote equality and make sure to mention approve ref 74 at the end of your speech ...
well said , madam senator .
i guess hillary is just an outstanding human being ?
i &apos;ll agree that the cap to ss wages needs to be removed .
if corporations are people , let them write their own constitutions and let us mere non corporate people write our own .
until fairness is brought back to the courts violence in general will probably continue .
ms. pelosi !
we will resist trump
congradulations howard schultz !
i love you elizabeth warren , but we have to disagree on this one .
i hope that the senate will say no more confirmations until the ban is lifted and bannon is out !
i would like some examples of indiana businesses that pay female employees 25 % less than male employees for the same work .
the dems bailout gm and chrysler and the charger , challenger and camaro are all made in canada with mexican engines .
i am trying to create a politically active coalition of survivors of sexual violence who wish to work visibly in changing armed forces and politics .
why is the electoral college and a bloodless coud &apos; d tau not an opitions , hillary has to know that the electoral college is a relic from times past ? ? ?
thank you for being such a wonderful representative of our state , amy .
if they are there to serve and protect , they need to stop these idiots ruining innocent peoples lifes , this is not the american way and all those involved in the illegal looting and rioting need to pay for thier terrorist crimes !
unless there is a public outcry , nestle will propagate the privatization of water .
please oppose efforts to block gmo labeling in the senate tomorrow -known as the dark act .
thank you chellie pingree .... true leadership in this troubled time .
i &apos;m sorry , al , but what our armed forces are doing today has absolutely nothing to do with keeping us safe .
thanks for you efforts senator harris .
i protest your vote in favor of big pharma and against lower drug prices .
as a citizen , i believe it would help increase transparency and mutual respect ; furthermore , it would be a tangible step toward reducing racial profiling and community relationships with police .
i can &apos;t see how anyone could possibly think that bernie or hillary won &apos;t drive this nation into the dirt .
maybe you should tell that to the protesters from your party !
amy in 2020. count me in !
would you please continue to educate these dump stupid ignorant americans ......
i &apos;m a progressive democrats of america member writing to ask that you cosponsor the 7 bills outlined in pda &apos;s recent letter to you , including hr 1010 on the minimum wage , hj res 44 on voting , hj res 114 on waging war &amp; hj res 119 on money in elections .
you are an amazing person who will inspire others to do great things so keep up the hard work .
what an amazing story .
too bad tree huggers like you want to put montana working families in the poor house .
thank you senator , i appreciate the response , and agree with your concerns .
i was relieved to hear sanders is running .
i hope you &apos;re capable of representing the best interests of oregon better than that .
sorry that you &apos;re going to lose the election to ms. warren .
cory booker 2020 .....
agreed , sen. merkley !
thank you for giving us a voice in new jersey .
al , go and research the number of us embassies attacked during bush &apos;s 8 years ......
i , for one , am committed to help put the best progressive candidates on those ballots and get them elected ; to help take back the house and the senate .
thank you for your work to protect americans &apos; health .
you do not only represent the liberals and progressives in your district ... you represent all of us .
if drumpf actually makes it to the whitehouse we are all truly screwed !
i hope that mr schumer explains why he isn &apos;t in washington working on getting social security recipients some cola payments ..... his sub-committee hasn &apos;t met in over a year , according to their website .....
this is why democrats lose .
i wish you had stood up for affordable prescription drugs cory booker .
thank you kirsten for fighting for this one !
thank you for taking a stand for decency and integrity .
michigan has different values then new yorkers .
your nj constituents are following these developments closely and will apply pressure to achieve a transparent investigation however we can !
unfortunately you voted with monsanto on the farm bill and with the mining companies which will ruin the ely area waters .
conservative supreme court justices so they can take away equal rights for women and minorities and a woman &apos;s right to choose .
my family moved to cs about 3 years ago ... so much hate , bigotry , and ignorance with mega churches filled with pretenders .
all you trump support gotta admire that ! 😝
al is fear mongering
we will remember your progressive record and your commitment in 2020 .
thank you for your leadership , senator gillibrand .
joe is fantastic
i know we can count on you to continue fighting for oregonians on these issues .
thank you to my representative from new york .
support your local sheriff-a wonderful james gardner movie way too funny , he will be missed : (
happy new year
thank you elizabeth for all your work .
thank you claire mccaskill for being so instrumental in getting this failure elected : http : / / youtu.be / sjfhpdxa5kg
demand a public statement about their stance on bannon &apos;s appointment .
remember trump has strong brooklyn ties as well .
to all that voted for jon i hope you get what you hoped for !
i just completed my dnp and am paying loans for undergraduate and graduate degrees .
charles schumer &quot; banning guns is an idea whose time has come . &quot;
that &apos;s why we went to the courthouse this morning to deliver a letter to senator ron wyden &apos;s staff , detailing all the specific reasons why the tpp would be bad for the u.s. , bad for the world .
stop spreading propaganda , liz .
you support a woman beholden to corporate interests .
already voted for you sherrod !
the fight against trump is just beginning !
please do not cast your electoral vote for trump today , please !
i respect your fight over this .
even senator warren admitted bank executives should have gone to jail for the mortgage crisis but the presidents justice department let the banks pay huge fines that ultimately will be passed on to the customers .
thank you for standing up for justice , honoring dr. king &apos;s legacy and all of those who have fought for freedom and equality for everyone !
her unbridled use of civil forfeiture prevents me from cheering for her .
mr frank pelosi , have fun looking for your next job
anyone who would vote for a man to be in congress who is a know thief , stealing money from charity for his baseball team , well , then they deserve him ...... but for all the good people out there its ron kind and only ron kind
after reading the comments here i think the problem is that trump supporters can &apos;t tell the difference between a successful businessman and a famous one .
sen. schumer , where are the dems ? ? ? ?
senator warren for potus 2020
i hope more senator feel this way .
liberals are with you and bernie .
they have some money angle such as cheri s ~ grabbing a norml title the month her recipe cookbook comes out and running all over with real intention to sell books .
jon you &apos;re an ignorant moron
i support you , mr. doggett .
thank you for your good wishes and good works .
je your still not past the age of gimme , gimme , gimme in your life .
thank you for taking this courageous stance .
happy new year , sen. warren !
jill is here and from the first to second debate the greens have experienced a growth rate faster then the any moment in the bernie movement
no one of sound and healthy mind could support the dog and cat meat trade of the asiate nations ... whose sole intention is to inflict the most pain , fear and suffering on innocent beings who they dare to think they have a right to torture .
senator booker , please explain your decision to vote down this amendment .
did not know in was a big milk state ... all i ever see is corn ... mostly gmo corn
connecticut is proud of you and needs this ! ! ! !
it &apos;s sad to think such a large portion of the population has their heads in the sand thinking the criminal element and wackos who commit these atrocities give a rats ass about gun control .
only a couple more weeks and cod will have time to organize her next campaign ( and how she &apos;ll extort money out of suckers so that she doesn &apos;t have to get a real job , which is why she couldn &apos;t keep up with her own debts in the past ) .
happy thanksgiving to you senator , from some grateful californians .
finally a good and progressive choice , al ... about time ...
per my call to your office , you attended the lax protest to get info .
liz you are watching to much news !
equality and justice won today .
thank you for caring , keith .
btw , i run a small business and yes i will vote for patty murray .
mark , medicare is mostly for people who &apos;ve retired and who have paid into the system over a lifetime of work .
elizabeth warren # 2020
it seems designed to trigger xenophobic fears , and to hide the fact that drugs would only have been imported from one country : canada .
since when is elizabeth warren a fan of john mccain ?
now kiddy cuomo is running the people out of ny .
i don &apos;t care if you attend or don &apos;t attend .
this is why we need you and other progressives in congress .
your time would be much better spent and have a greater impact for society .
cheers from edmonton alberta elizabeth .
please continue to be vocal , strong and unrelenting when you are fighting for women &apos;s rights !
tammy , you give us hope .
thank you so much senator donnelly .
beautiful prayer ... i am re-posting in my &quot; prayers for peaceful politics &quot; fb group .
i offer my condolences to her loved ones .
the girl scout cookies have .5 grams of saturated fat per serving ... but a serving is two cookies .
who needs armor piercing bullets ? ?
you are one of the biggest recipients of corporate bribery in the senate and you &apos;re throwing rocks ?
thanks al franken , i appreciate you and your good works .
and bring elizabeth warren on as vp !
feel free to join them congressman yarmuth
now let &apos;s get another new englander a victory : liz warren in 2016 ! ! ! !
amy is pretending to be working again .
why did you vote against bernie sanders attempt to let us buy more affordable meds from other countries ?
i don &apos;t care for donald either , but really how can you ignore what she &apos;s done ?
thanks so much , senator murray , for all the work you do on behalf of all of us .
do not try and hide what you did by talking about your vote against jeff sessions .
thanks for representing corporate interests instead of the will of the people .
i &apos;m sure it wasn &apos;t easy endorsing him given your former position in the dnc .
sounds like big pharma talking points corey .
as seen in time &apos;s profile of him , dr. califf ran a clinical research center at duke university that received a majority of its funding from america &apos;s largest pharmaceutical companies .
i &apos;m appalled the dscc is not supporting a democrat for maine &apos;s next senator .
where was elizabeth warren when hillary was spouting her mouth off about obama being assassinated ?
too bad you voted with the gop kirsten .
hip hip , hooray !
now if they would just re-authorize the older americans act ... c &apos;mon debbie , help out our senior citizens !
the dnc needs to stop suppressing the vote in every contest and let the people , not the establishment , choose our candidate .
making procedural excuses with the fda and usda when it come to # 4simplewords &quot; produced with genetic engineering &quot; # labelthefact # gmo # gmofreepa we are seeing water issues all over the united states .
no scathing remarks , no hate , but you know in your heart that bernie sanders is our only viable candidate for potus .
bannon , pence , and flynn are running this country !
a child of the depression , she was a truly resourceful woman and a true inspiration to daughters who loved her .
nothing but lies exit her pie hole !
why that is a great idea lets all censor ed now that ed is not agreeing with us .
i dare you elizabeth to provide a single piece of evidence to support what you say here .
happy birthday , senator murray - i read that in our paper today , and now see it on facebook .
http : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = v6fhtyvmyp4 helen reddy : &quot; i am woman &quot; here is a timeless tribute to share 4 all women , who have also been warrior victims of the wrong and wicked wars against women &apos;s rights all around the world .
it &apos;s time to disband the democratic party and organize a new opposition party from first principles .
&quot; if hilary gets to pick her judges &quot; is short for &quot; if hilary becomes president and gets to pick her judges &quot; .
corrupt dnc it &apos;s time to move on and change the agenda .
now combat soldiers and veterans have a real advocate in tammy duckworth .
https : / / www.facebook.com / photo.php ? fbid = 306940899405088 &amp; set = a.109576829141497.13709.101173139981866 &amp; type = 1 &amp; ref = nf wall photoscharles krauthammer today on the case against obama : &quot; the worst recovery in u.s. history , 42 consecu ...
&gt; congratulations , senator kaine .
rich win , middle class gets shafted : https : / / www.facebook.com / rbreich / videos / 1444022572277001 / ? link _ id = 2 &amp; can _ id = 76976821f39d65a5b220d2fc7e699e57 &amp; source = email-video-you-get-to-pay-tolls-under-trumps-infrastructure-plan &amp; email _ referrer = video-you-get-to-pay-tolls-under-trumps-infrastructure-plan &amp; email _ subject = video-you-get-to-pay-tolls-under-trumps-infrastructure-plan
elizabeth warren is the looser .
you go hard girl !
you bernie or bust people are ridiculous .
please stay vigilant elizabeth !
mr. trump &apos;s behavior and actions are not worthy of the presidency and doesn &apos;t warrant legitimizing by participation in the ceremony .
you could have offered an amendment to senator sanders bill .
we need you cory booker !
al , you are a low-down communist who hates america ! !
amy please explain to people what a debt limit is and why it is important to the us some of the people don &apos;t know what its for thank you
example : cash for clunkers does anyone know a jobless or homeless person that this project helped ?
that isn &apos;t to say people who wholeheartedly believe that a drug re-importation program is the way to solve prescription drug prices shouldn &apos;t lobby their legislators to actually come up with a plan .
if hamas wouldn &apos;t use civilians as human shields the slaughter would be confined to the combatants .
senator schumer , i am not one of the sheep and i am not one of the uninformed .
now that tpp will most likely pass congress and signed by president transparency , nestle can sue any municipality for water rights .
nancy pelosi is a intelligent caring person !
the democrat party had it rigged with the super delegates already in place .
equality for all , not just a few .
new york resident ready and willing to help today .
please keeping fighting for all of us .
so i would say yes , be silent in a space contracted by the trump campaign , where thousands of trump supporters have freely assembled to hear trump .
https : / / www.facebook.com / peopleforbernie / posts / 1923862641167274 : 0 curious about this mr booker .
canadians are equally concerned with drug safety and have high standards .
you are a fraud as a progressive .
corey booker speaks truth to power .
proud to be your fellow democrat .
@ tammy duckworth for congress did you feel the same why when the court found in favor of the tax provision for the affordable care act or you just another hypocrite looking to be in congress ?
we really appreciate your efforts and grateful for what you have done for siv applicants .
no mention of bill or hillary clinton .
blumenthal is next .
drug companies do spend millions researching , developing , testing , and marketing drugs .
thank you betty , i am so glad my wife lived here so when we married i could get the hell out of cd6 .
you voted in favor of big pharma .
sending thoughts 4 healing &amp; peace &amp; strength 2 u &amp; ur &apos;s .
cory booker is just class .
removing the joint chiefs of staff , and putting steve bannon on our security council is a violation of our human rights .
the real question is why are you and your fellow democratic senators dragging your feet instead of voting to confirm president trump &apos;s cabinet nominees ?
just this past year , i have paid $ 300 for one prescription alone .
this will help people more than just giving them more drugs to not feel pain .
thank you senator stabenow , keep up the good fight !
from yarmouth , maine , a big thank you to you al for all you did on hillary &apos;s behalf .
on that day chico blues family became victims in a drive by shooting .
senate democrats have expressed concerns about a variable rate , especially one without a cap .
give back the $ 245.083 , joe .
how can you say she &apos;d bring people together when she was paying people to incite riots at trump rallies ?
this is largely due to the progressive ideals of bigger government .
bout time you mention bernie sanders .
thank you for being so awesome elizabeth !
the middle class needs help !
then get behind sen.sanders , mrs. warren .
i &apos;ll allow myself to be reluctantly convinced of clinton &apos;s announced intention to include many of bernie &apos;s proposals onto the democratic platform .
steve bannon is a parasitic turd
thank you , senator bennet , for standing on the side of right on these issues !
al - just because spain &apos;s version of cap-and-trade failed , doesn &apos;t mean we should implement exactly what they did .
ca is grossly under represented in house &amp; electoral college , where population counts ! !
the problem with just relying on police is that there is a nationwide average of 8 min before police arrive .
happy birthday scott brown - it &apos;s the last one you &apos;ll have to spend away in dc .
do your job and quit boycotting hearings .
the people of moore oklahoma in 2013 and in new orleans during hurricane katrina survived on nestle water products for many days , all free .
patty , i &apos;m glad you are honoring labor , the media certainly isn &apos;t !
i am so pleased and proud !
yes liz .
it &apos;s hard to believe that a three month travel ban on seven nations ( six that wouldn &apos;t even allow schumer into their countries because he &apos;s jewish ) is what brings tears to the man &apos;s eyes .
i &apos;m so glad to have you an al franken representing mn !
kirsten gillibrand 2020 potus .
i love you , but i want hillary back !
robert byrd
i am proud that you represent me in washington .
thank you for what you are doing -- making a very real and positive difference in the lives of very real people .
shame from society is the oldest trick in the book of trying to keep a woman in her place .
go , elizabeth , win !
i love bernie too , but am i not going to vote for someone because of one vote ?
why are the bs cultists trying to get the honorable senator warren to endorse bs ?
elizabeth warren is both easy to listen to ; understand and be glad for her dedication .
it was clearly a hate , racist action .
what elizabeth warren said !
now can you do something about this homeless epidemic , get them out of town somewhere , portland used to be one of the most beatiful cities in america , it isn &apos;t anymore , all you see is people camping everywhere , garbage piling up , beggars on every highway on / off ramp ... please do something
i managed a very successful retail store in downtown seattle for almost 14 years , before the economic wreckage gw and his boys left behind slammed the door on any chance it had .
i almost always buy items from stores that are here in minnesota .
yes , lets start with your benefits chuck .
support bernie sanders !
if the democrats nominate a corporate puppet who stuffs her pockets with cash , i will no longer call myself a democrat .
i implore you , senator , please offer a bill of your own , quickly , for the sake of the millions of americans already drowning from unreasonably high prescription drug costs .
he is really helping the democratic party with the crap he pulling today .
# stillsanders # ofthepeople
* on january 20th , 2017 , a member of the international workers of the world was shot in the stomach at an anti-fascist protest in seattle .
not only having trump as president at my age of 61. i worry about the lives of my children and grandchildren .
monsanto needs to be stopped !
thank you so much for all you do for all of us , always .
yet you will cast your super delegate for her .
rip gunnery .
did you write this before or after you voted with republicans to allow the pharmaceutical industry to continue to rip off the american people ?
stricter gun laws are seen as leading to eventual gun confiscation .
i loved her reporting .
he was a very talented actor .
in the recent slaughter of palestinians very few of us remain un-moved .
however , the most horrific is bannon .
keep fighting the good fight , for all of us .
you got money from pharmaceutical companies , then voted against sander &apos;s bill .
419 companies and only 9 chapter 11. those are some pretty good stats for business ventures and investments .
john lewis is a living link to the hard struggle to extend civil rights to all americans .
nys has one of the highest cost of livings in the country .
senator-elect warren , dont let these innocent children be forgotten .
the trump train will hit an embankment and all the followers will fall off the train and the racists and the haters and the aspiring wall builders won &apos;t be able to put the trump train back together again , all because he will be beat by a girl !
patty murray 2020 !
while we &apos;re on topic of seniors , please appeal to their consciences about social security too .
wonderful tribute to a wonderful man .
but i think amy klobuchar &apos;s donation to nih makes more sense .
keep fighting elizabeth !
why do you hate freedom elizabeth ?
warren is another far left pol who will continue the destruction of america
frank pallone is not solely ( but he is somewhat ) responsible for the trillions in debt our nation is currently stuck with .
below is my response ... it seems to fit nicely here on fb dear sen. stabenow , thank you so much for your invitation .
i sometimes think our elections need oversight from the international community and we are supposed to be the exemplar of democracy .
awesome mr beto congressman
thank you mr.tim kaine .
i &apos;m canadien and the guy that we see when we do a little research is always false ( cité ) by the media ... a campain of terror against trump is what i see from my part ...
you are doing a fabulous job us senator elizabeth warren .
do you still think that the system is not racist ?
oh , and good work amy !
this nh lady would vote for you if she could .. watching the race closely and rooting for you !
as an animal lover and a uk resident , i ask that you co-sponsor house resolution 752 to help end the yulin dog festival and the entire dog / cat meat trade in china .
for thirty years , at least , all its netted us is pure evil ( on both fake sides of the corporate warmongering aisle ) .
thank you senator kaine for protecting our children &apos;s education .
i appreciate your thoroughness and fairness in support of all citizens .
trump we are strong .. goodbye you who hate america ... we welll be great again .
the best person for the white house is hillary clinton .
this would carry a drop of credibility if you had not taken money from pharma lobbyists .
thank you for your helping to make us stronger in minnesota
further evidence that you rock .
ew knows how to count coup on that piece of crap .
education alert : the &quot; trump protestors &quot; who have been rioting and stirring up chaos are rag tag people hired to raise hell in front of the cameras by the group called move on .
donald trump is a dangerous man for the world and our planet .
this should mobilize washington to actually do something to control guns if you cannot control mental illness
thank you congressman o &apos;rourke for thinking about your city and its people ! ! !
and this technicality is being adhered to with all the tenacity with which president franklin d. roosevelt &apos;s state department manipulated quotas and created subterfuges to keep out the jews fleeing the oppression of nazi germany .
please endorse senator sanders asap .
senator klobuchar , i hope you will lead the way on this issue and show us what you are made of .
and your actions in voting for big pharma and against us spoke eloquently about your loyalty .
like i pay for my medicare prescriptions .
tammy , you and your family make me and our family proud .
i hear you elizabeth ...... amen to that ....
hope to see you in duluth tomorrow al !
thank you for standing up for our kids , senator van hollen !
if the dnc kepps cowering behind neo-libs like they &apos;re still relevant , get ready for another big loss in 2020 .
senator warren , you know this information , yet you still haven &apos;t endorsed bernie sanders .
great job on national tv today too amy klobuchar !
aren &apos;t the dems all about civil discourse
we continue as americans to protest and support our democratic party .
hang in there , patty .
so help me understand , the drugs in canada are made in the u.s. and you vote no because they are not safe , yet you have received money from pharmaceutical companies , oh maybe i do understand now !
um al , you said you were donating your pay during the government shutdown to second harvest , did you do that yet ?
keith godbawful person who got turned down by the girl scouts so he now has a satanic religious hard on against them lincloln
chuck your party is dead on arrival .
just want to say thanks for meeting with alliance for immigrant rights and michigan organizing project last friday at ibew : }
we want u.s. senator bernie sanders
you and amy are the best .
if this is true , why didn &apos;t the senator ( and the other democrats ) vote yes on this and then challenge their perceived notion of dangerous drugs from canada in the next debate ?
i applaud your ethical decision .
myself , the tea party , my black and hispanic allies , college students , all of us , want to confront you on the battlefield of ideals , concepts and reality .
you do show democrats how to fight and not back down to corporate powers !
trump magazines .
amy , why have you not come out with an explanation of your support concerning ndaa and sopa when it is very apparent that so many of your constituents are concerned about those issues ?
thank you , congressman sherman , for co-sponsoring h. res .
thank you , amy , for setting an example of humanity .
nobody fell for that crying act ... btw , chucky cheese , you &apos;d be banned or many of these countries for being a jew .. you &apos;re such a loser .
the problem rick is senator sanders won washington state in a landslide .
so many people move to mn and take advantage of our welfare system .
thankful for you ! a shining blue light in a sea of red !
nobody needs to make mass shootings even more deadly by sanctioning such easy access to high capacity ammo clips .
fight the good fight for us , girl !
i think this is what is commonly known in the vernacular as &quot; opening up a can of ass whoop . &quot;
i did a college paper on this amazing representative .
thank you , representative lofgren !
bc the fda doesn &apos;t have enough to do ... how much bigger do you want the &quot; government &quot; to get ?
we can accept but also resist .
kirsten , i usually like the ideas and thoughts you have , because their usually logical .
that would be great news if the seattle times wouldn &apos;t also endorse mckenna
it &apos;s open season on all progress made in the past years on equality , human rights , reproductive rights and the environment to name a few .
furthermore , norway , despite its strict gun laws , was subject to a shooting last year that claimed the lives of nearly 100 people .
i agree with you , senator klobuchar !
thank you for all that you do for the people of new york , especially li
tulsi you have the support for 2020 or 2024. please , you are the one !
i love hearing when trump is referred to as a bully ... because he has a strong opinion and isn &apos;t afraid to speak it .
we need to abolish the electoral college , to begin with .
a more intelligent populace taught self control ... with help available in advance .. create 50,000 mental health jobs / careers now !
saeed didn &apos;t even buy two out of the four guns he used , nor did he consult his lawyers on local gun laws before shooting 30 people .
and you sat by refusing to run , or even back a candidate when the democratic party needed you the most .
my heart goes out to the family and staff members that supported senator inouye for his time serving in congress and for hawaii ... peace , comfort and joy be with you and lift you up .
priorities food for poor , vets total care and the families , mental health care facilities desprate need now ! !
senator warren - why are you on this list ?
please senator schumer stop this man .
trump has been rated as a bigger risk for the usa than another cold war .
i can only imagine , congresswoman speier , that given what you have experienced with terrorists makes what is happening in paris very personal for you .
all your good work will be over shadowed by your theft of the people &apos;s vote if you vote against the people &apos;s choice : bernie sanders !
its almost illegal to be a white man in the democratic party anymore and it is becoming real real hard not to feel that way
yes it does amy , about time we got it back .
big pharma is not one of your constituents as much as you may think you &apos;re supposed to serve them it &apos;s the citizens of washington you should working for !
wes - why are you so obsessed with women &apos;s restrooms ?
senator merkley , voting for you was a very good choice that i am proud of .
says a woman that routinely lied about her own ethnicity to advance her career .
jim : &quot; providing weapons to syrian rebels many of whom apparently are al queda &quot; bob : &quot; no , the other one . &quot;
rip pfc .
we proud of you * congress women * we prey for you .
* * * voting for bernie in new york * * * https : / / vote.berniesanders.com / ny bernie hub : http : / / berniehub.net / # votetogether # newyorkprimary
2. trump used religion and racist to win support from people .
really , al , you don &apos;t see how pitiful that is ?
this is why i &apos;m glad you &apos;re my congresswoman , jackie .
but then , we have adequate evidence that trump is insane , totally bonkers .
i wished him a wonderful year ahead , filled with new adventures !
thanks for your inspirational message-thought you should have been the vp this year- 2020 president nominee ?
amy klobuchar was one of those 3 .
i can say patty is true to her word here .
my husband &amp; i are unemployed so thank you debbie stabenow for voting yes on the jobs act !
well , as naive as it might be , i sent a letter to both of my state &apos;s senators , sen. amy klobuchar and sen. al franken and literally begged for help .
the protesters that care so much about the land left heaps of trash behind !
2020 yo !
i &apos;m saddened by all these tragedies but i &apos;m not responsible for them , i &apos;m not the criminal or mentally deranged , and these bills only punish peaceful civilians like myself , treating us like common criminals .
i have seen many negative comments from those like the 2 previous comments here , on other progressive social sites .
lol , elizabeth warren ?
even minnesota , it seems , has succumbed to police violence .
thank you al on behalf of all of us .
we still have hope for 2020 !
congressman sherman , will you please sign marcy kaptur &apos;s letter calling for a criminal investigation of goldman sachs and the derivatives meltdown ?
totally agree with your explanation for not attending !
so proud to have you for my senator .
thanks for your thoughtful work in these difficult times ...
this state has always had shabby leadership ; mecham , mofford , symington , reno , et al .
_ germany sets weekend record for solar power _ may 30 , 2012 by nancy owano report &quot; ( phys.org ) -- solar power plants in germany have set a new record .
and , of course , on the national level guinta voted against a woman &apos;s right to her own reproductive decisions .
jeez louise -- quit your whining !
also cleaver in this status does not say he will not accept the money just that he wont until shutdown is over .
i have loved my representation in north seattle and the north east side for years .
thank you for your thoughtful , independent , yet progressive voting .
i am truly hoping for student loan and education reform , which you have championed .
hip hip horray , thank you senator a. k .
as a delegate for the democratic party i would like to take this opportunity to encourage you to follow the voting preference that manifested at the democratic caucus this last saturday .
you can take you gay pride parades and you gun control and all of your taxes and obamacare ( which all of you crooked ass politicians don &apos;t think is good enough for you but must be good for the sheep ) and shove them up you &apos;re libtard asses !
you are the epitome of a strong woman .
my family is fightin with ya ... and i loved your argument for releasing russian reports .. i knew i voted for ya for a reason 😉 any chance youll not be attending the illegitimate inauguration ?
i believe the problem has many parts , the least of which are violent movies , games , guns , etc .. something is going on that is affecting the mental health of a generation .
tulsi just got back from syria with another confirmation ( see our un peace delegates testimony ) that our policies in syria have been devastating and supporting terrorism .
please decide who you &apos;re representing ... your constituents or big pharma and corporate donors .
i am not sure whether it is relevant since owning a gun does not automatically make one irrational or prone to violence or illegal use .
hillary is a failure .
you are a class act elizabeth warren ... doesn &apos;t matter it was posted many times ... the truth bears repeating ... and celebrating !
i had hope in you cory booker , now , is gone .
your quite the lady mrs warren .
gillibrand has done nothing in her life : not created one job , not employed one person , not contributed to this country .
please keep standing up for our rights rep grace meng , we need you now more than ever !
you folks in minnesota are lucky to have al franken as your senator .
and champions are hard to come by these days .
the same to you and yours , elizabeth .
going a little overboard with the greatest democracy on the planet bit , but i agree .
i &apos;m sure that it can &apos;t be an easy decision to testify against a colleague , but i am extremely grateful to you for doing what you can to fight against this nomination !
now we &apos;re waiting for a united democratic party to make a call to peacefully assemble under the only premise that we are against trump .
our big pharma companies are of little use to development for disease controls as they prioritize on profit .
rick perry .
the media has twisted donald trump &apos;s words because they fear him and wish to be relevant .
senator booker you have become more and more active and social media over the past 3 or 4 months i wonder where you were before .
you happen to be talking to yet another deluded red star politician .
it makes me emotional that we have minority senators who will continue to champion everyone .
great elizabeth , the problem is we don &apos;t know which side you &apos;re on .
my deepest appreciation and a heartfelt thank you and to the smith river alliance , et al !
what about the dnc stealing the election from bernie ?
love you , work hard for the seniors !
thank you for listening to the people of oregon instead of corporate interests .
major congrats , i &apos;ve been rooting for you all the way from ny ( i &apos;m an la native ) .
what does the leadership of the 42 inf div based in new york says ?
thanks for reminding us to keep our integrity as we resist president-elect snow-job &apos;s seizure of power
but asking women to be society &apos;s breeding slaves is particularly evil .
absolute congratulations - incredible !
walker is in the process of ruining our beautiful state but i &apos;m sad to see how many good people r fooled by him .... seems like money can buy him &quot; scotty &quot; everything .
thank you sen. gillibrand for your support on behalf of public education for all children - and for your concern that betsy devos is not the right choice for ed secretary .
patty most of the money comes from delivering junk mail .
so disappointed in your vote to deny americans to affordable drugs from canada .
mrs slaughter , people are so stupid , they get mad before remembering or researching .
for me , this is not about hating trump , or the peaceful transfer of power , it &apos;s about my gut , i don &apos;t go against my gut , especially when it overrides me .
bernie has been raising a lot more money from a much wider range of people .
also if you are lgbt non national but have played by the rules and paid for lawyers and visas and wish to have your same sex partner be with you , well screw you , it &apos;s more important to look after individuals who broke the law to peruse their dream .
a message for sen. schumer regrading trump &apos;s supreme court nominee .
we need someone like you as the dnc chair , please run .
please , for the the good of the people and the planet , endorse bernie !
for profit corporations do not have religious rights that can infringe on my rights as an individual .
so polls continue to show clinton can &apos;t beat trump - only senator sanders can - but the dnc and mainstream media keep pushing clinton ?
the very same drugs that are way over priced here in the usa , but other countries are able to sell at 50 , 60 &amp; even 75 % less than what they currently sell for today .
please do consider your support for bernie !
i did not see any pharmaceutical company in his top five donators ... goldman sachs was there , but no pharma .
thank you , peter welch ! !
why are democrats silent on this issue ? !
trump has no intention of being president .
thank you amy , the poor of this country count on senators like yourself---now go to work on giving us on ss our cola raise for 2016 ! !
i will ensure you will be voted out of office , if you vote for clinton with your super delegate vote .
you need some mirrors cory booker !
help louise slaughter fight for us !
get &apos; em , jeff !
explain it , because otherwise , i am led to think that it &apos;s because the pharmaceutical companies paid into your campaign fund .
thanks for trying amy .
yes , senator elizabeth warren , i &apos;m with you ... we are the ones who take the high road .
enjoyed your appearance w chuck todd
might be going up against jessie ventura by then , that would mean things were going well if the ind party and democratic party are leading party &apos;s by then and in 2020 amy can be the president .
thank you so much , amy .
hobby lobby is providing birth control .
don &apos;t let the dnc screw you from your rightful position at the head of it
keep an eye on him ( donald drumpf ) , elizabeth !
you and cantwell made a colossal mistake going against bernie sanders in washington state on the drug importation issue .
everyone calling for a gun ban need to realize a few facts .
the un-educated are trump &apos;s biggest strength , and you can see them popping up in these comments .
we need singlepayer universal coverage , like every other wealthy western civilized nation in the world .
ms warren , i love you and think you &apos;re great , but the us is not a democracy , and could scarcely ever be considered the &quot; greatest &quot; democracy on earth .
visitors ie trolls should not be allowed to comment on this page .
thank you patty keep fighting !
expanded settlements in jerusalem only complicate the peace process - real peace will come when both israelis and palestinians agree to give jerusalem a special shared-status in a two-state solution .
the fact the trump , a racist , sexist , conceited , wanna-be dictator and hillary , the most slanted politician of the past century who has literally ordered the deaths of roughly 80 people , are the two nominees , is a stain on this country
tonight michigan was finally called for donald trump moving his electoral college ( ec ) count up to 306 total to hillary clinton &apos;s 232 .
where are our democratic leaders ? ? ?
schumer for president 2020 !
horrendous to the point if being ... criminal .... shame on you , ms. warren .
she has achieved worldwide recognition as the keynote speaker at the united nations fifth international conference on women , in beijing china .
i will simply copy and paste what christina has written : i &apos;m sorry , kirsten .
thanks jon !
i totally agree , senator ron wyden !
i hope you are right earl .
the kkk just endorsed crooked hillary .... vote for principles , no matter the party .. this is getting to crazy ... vote for america &apos;s president trump ! ! !
and you celebrate that ?
thank you for your good work for all of us .
are you going to re-introduce the agent orange equity act ?
thank you kindly senator mccaskill .
thanks senator al franken
yes i had just done a search to see who mn superdelegates were and if committed their vote yet .
senator booker , yesterday you voted against a bill that would have allowed americans to buy their prescription drugs from canadian pharmacies .
ms. warren , it worries me that in the three debates , the idea that veterans have the same worth as big bird , is that any way for a commander in chief to act .
it made a wonderful lasting impact .
you &apos;re words help in this time thank you senator for you &apos;re kind words .
as a parent who has a senior in high school this is good news .
amy , can you work on the cable co and its monopoly ! ! !
hi frank ,
i truly believe she would be president today if bernie was on that ticket .
a belated thanks for your good wishes for us vets , ew .
you as well rick .
senator stabenow , can you give us some hope ?
wah wah wah cry me a river ! !
thank you , debbie , for all that you do and have always done to support your constituents !
hate to hear how you &apos;re siding with big pharma but then i lived in nj for 5 yrs , there &apos;s a lot of pharmaceutical companies there .
thank you for being a champion for us !
we &apos;re in the 21st century and moving forward .
workplace safety and benefits are comparable between the two .
just watched you were great alhoa wonderful lady
i love chuck
thank you tulsi for all you do ... happy birthday !
what is the evidence that terror groups are afoot here in minnesota recruiting-or is this just political rhetoric ?
thank you for these words and insights .
happy birthday and thank you for not getting sucked into the embarassing corporate takeover in dc .
thank you , ron widen
she took money from saudi arabia , united arab emirates and qatar despite their extremely horrible record on human rights .
yes , liz because trickle down economics works so , much better
thank you for your important voice on this tragic issue .
i &apos;ll shorten your answer ; &quot; the more than a quarter million dollars given to me by big pharma is way more important than your life &quot; .
mahalo for taking on this very important role for all of us here in hawaii .
too bad you stayed silent when you could have actually made a difference .
michelle obama / cory booker 2020 ticket please .
the kkk hasn &apos;t been relevant for years !
so , why don &apos;t we &quot; separate church and state &quot; and have the state only recognize civil unions .
trump is the choice of millions of people of good judgment .
huh ... better to ban angry , psychopathic democrats .
come on already , endorse bernie !
tammy getting elected give us hope for our elected representatives , we need more like her and ron kind .
as someone who relied on food stamps for years , who worked on farms for years and who now works in the conservation field , i applaud your efforts .
another great job by dayton and crew !
dramatic steps must be taken to insure the safety of our country .
you rock amy , i am so proud you represent us .
amy , thank you for all you do ; thank you for supporting enda
thank you from a retired teacher , a mother whose three children got an excellent education in our public schools and a grandmother who will have four grandchildren attending the same excellent schools their parents did .
twenty five ( 25 ) petitions : the right to petition is as important as your right to vote - and it makes your right to vote valuable .
proud to be a democrat again today .
ms. warren you are classy beyond measure .
thank you for sharing time with us at the minnesota township conference in st. cloud !
he &apos;d be fighting for the working class to receive their due .
thank you amy for the great job that you do for us !
merkley is a crook .
funny all the violence comes from his protesters
our streets will be safer , our police more efficient and the world will follow our lead into the future .
lloyd we &apos;re scared .
that &apos;s beautiful sherrod !
with the 400 % rise in food allergies ( many cases resulting in anaphylaxis and / or death ) and inflammatory diseases , this is a safety issue .
start by demanding of yourself and your groups that follow you to also abandon divisive rhetoric and violent protest .
hope you &apos;re not planning on a 2020 run , it &apos;ll be the end of your career just like clintons with this level of flop .
you are setting a standard of equality for others to follow .
a sad disappointment , you do not represent wisconsin or it &apos;s ideals and principals .
you make mn so proud !
sherrod brown , when hillary clinton runs for president in 2016 can you be vice president ?
she was wonderful .
it is one thing to say good remarks about rep. lewis , but as our representative in dc , stand behind lewis and sit out this inauguration .
elizabeth , you need to speak out about who you are supporting !
please tell the planned parenthood to seek support from charities that don &apos;t fund cruel and painful animal research .. : (
senator schumer what happened between 2015 till now ?
frank , when does the posturing stop and the action start .
we expected more character from our democrat in the heavy biased and bigoted red state .
amy , instead of giving speeches and re-stating what everyone knows ( which is that we face a crisis ) , how about proposing some serious spending cuts to solve the problem !
shut up warren , we can see through you now .
anna--please--what can we do as citizens to keep this senseless violence ?
could anyone actually give an example of when trump was racist
what an asshole cory book is !
heald has a very good reputation for educating skilled and employable professionals .
jeanne shaheen approves funding to help secure borders in the mid-east &quot; u.s. builds border fence with razor wire in ukraine while u.s senator shaheen votes amnesty and open u.s. borders and to end voter i.d.
sara jacobsen welty women &apos;s health !
keep up the good work louise slaughter
happy holidays to you , your family and staff and have a blessed new year !
thank you , ron wyden for representing oregon so well .
we will be hand counting ballots in november .
the american exceptionalism that demands you &apos;re the &apos; greatest democracy in the world &apos; whilst y &apos;all try to reconcile trump as an actual presidential candidate sums up about 80 % of what &apos;s wrong with the usa .
lol trump is a shill for hilary .. thats wats gonna secure her election .. its a scam ... lots .a repubs will drift to the dems .
city college where you went dutch
your very presence at his inauguration will nullify and contradict everything you and we stand for .
do you really , really think # whichhillary will go up against big banks , wall street , etc . ?
way to go , earl .
hi ron , i am a supporter in salem .
i &apos;ll see you there lloyd !
if hillary clinton had won , would we that did win be able to choose her cabinet or political appointees ?
amy klobuchar : $ $ $ as fake as hillary $ $ $
thanks for the work you do senator .
liz is a joke ... the only comfort i have is that massachusetts voted in a republican governor last time ... red down the ticket baby !
it is cowardly and of no moral compass to not attend .
thank you for continuing to speak out for our rights , for being a tireless advocate for women , and for all you do for us every day .
but i have also seen heroic stands and heart-lifting victories on the progressive side .
just think chuck , you get another chance in four years so sit back and shut up like i had to for eight years !
however , i worked on the obama campaign and so did kamala .
no kid gloves for wall street .
vawa provides grants to states for programs that help victims of domestic violence .
thank you chris van holden .
you are a woman i would proud to have as our first female president .
canadian drug safety is just as good as the usa .
yeah , senator warren ! !
thanks sherrod , and you keep doing the same in your own way ! !
tay lewis
i respect your decision , but i feel like this whole thing about dems not attending the event is more divisive then anything .
a re-establishment of the kkk or skinhead type organization , except they are not after you because of your skin color , they want to kill us because of our beliefs .
mr. brown how did you vote on sb5 last year ?
and stand strong and behind the democratic platform united , using those daily talking points and remind this nation why the hell you are democrats !
voter-constituent from hi-2 ( your district ) : my # demexit : october 2015 was solid sanders .
errr frank , they actually worked through the night and finished business 5 am .
also , thank you so much for attending the valerio / p : erez and taking time out of your very busy life to hone these fallen heroes .
i thought i just heard on the local news tonight about the potential cuts in mental health services ....
senator kaine , i am a resident of virginia and i vote .
peace , peace and peace please vote no to war on syria
stop being a cry baby .
women in key leadership roles like senator klobuchar can make a difference in prodding military reforms in the rights of all service members to be free from gender bias and sexual harassment .
to all who are angry with her statement maybe you need a refresher course at trump university better yet use the internet for a complete search of the man and maybe then maybe you will learn that the internet is for more then your nasty porn movies ...... lol
disgusting and know people that god created adam and eve will be leaving minnesota because of people like you ! ! !
if your staff has that much time on its hands time to do some laying off and you nancy need to get your butt to work .
pick one : b which includes federal min wage at $ 15 , immediately , infrastructure bank and infrastructure grants to fix bridges , roads , waterways .
and a happy mother &apos;s day to you congresswoman doris matsui .
kamala needs to campaign more in so cal .
the christian singer amy grant had her belief questioned because she celebrated the holiday .
i do not remember you having tears , did you cry for those killed in orlando .
start actually representing nh and not whatever the democrat party tells you to represent .
i &apos;m want to thank you for all that you do on our behalf !
i would guess those who are so commited to keeping assault weapons are not the same people who have lost a child because of an assault weapon .
go back to work on the asian carp issue al you might be able to swim with those fishies
impressive testimony to a beautiful city which i am fortunate enough to visit yearly .
surely the fda can inspect imported prescriptions as safely as it does vegetables and meat imported from all corners of the globe .
∆ i also found it extremely disappointing that while reasonable you have stood on the sidelines of bernie &apos;s movement .
thank you , senator booker , for showing us that there are still voices of reason crying out in the wilderness that is taking shape in washington .
torture is ok because isis beheads everyone , throws gays off buildings and stones women for wanting education .
you must be a pelosi / hillary fan .
thanks for asking , congresswoman degette .
jon bonazza
metro also needs to be able to instantly fire employees who break safety rules , such as running red lights , or failing to communicate properly .
jobs normally assigned to women generally pay less .
patty - that old dodge .
ms. clinton has shown little real connection with the average working american , that struggles to make ends meet , and shown great support for favoring corporate lobbyists &apos; whims and fancies .
hillary clinton is claiming ew believes her plan is better than anyone else &apos;s plan for banking reform , better than reinstating glass-steagall .
if you want to stop it , do away with gun free zones - especially on a military compound for goodness sake .
i have to get my drugs from canada just to afford them .
i am thrilled hear this and in light of the attack on unions that is going on in places like wisconsin it is even more thrilling to see how senator murray was able ot get this done for us !
she needs to take her meds and lay off the acid .
i just saw that you senator murray voted to have our guns taken away as part of an agreement with the united nations deal .
if the democratic party wants to enlist the grassroots for electoral purposes in 2018 it must actually resist .
of oregon and for good reason , we will have a place to learn new skills as well .
from what i can tell congresswoman degette , if you vote &quot; yes &quot; on continuing to support the jihadist extremist- &quot; rebel &quot; murderers ( aka &quot; temporary proxy allies &quot; ) , you &apos;ll be a shoe-in for your next election in syria .
thank you senator franken for all you do for our nation and especially for us minnesotans !
if you are putting something into your system only the fda can ensure that the us companies are keeping quality control in place .
booker 2020 🇺 🇸
thank you barbara lee &lt; 3
instead of slashing programs for the poor , medicare and social security , i hope we will offer a 25 % cut the military budget and the elimination of corporate welfare for big agriculture , big pharma , wall street , oil and gas , and big insurance .
liberal arrogance at it &apos;s best ... lmao ... we all know it &apos;s about regulations and more taxes ... go fuck yourself
ms warren : i agree with most of what you said .... now train your thoughts on the negatives of hillary clinton and i &apos;m sure your list will be just as long and uninviting as dear donald &apos;s !
a tough fight worth having--you go girl !
grateful for chellie and her wisdom and integrity .
please endorse bernie sanders , senator warren .
not sure what you &apos;re waiting for elizabeth warren , but i sincerely hope you decide to back bernie soon .
will rosenfeld paige elizabeth
the democratic party is out of touch with the public as shown by this election .
i have been a soldier , a cabinet maker , a cotton worker , a truck driver , and barely even stayed at an office with a computer shop because i never have been able to handle inside for very long .
just last week my dil , jamie was diagnosed with breast cancer .
or write back at : 3216 e . 62nd st. kcmo .
thank you for speaking up for those who cannot .
so * @ # ¡ ing proud to be an american , huh .
until &quot; good cops &quot; start holding their own accountable and police unions and departments lead the charge in public outcry against their own , their code of silence makes them accomplice to this fraternity of violence and injustice .
i have a friend who was just diagnosed with stage 4 cancer .
elizabeth we need you more than ever .
young people are going to literally write in bernie if hillary wins the nomination .
thanks for taking your title , representative , seriously .
&lt; 3 from ny
mrs warren i am a life member of the nra .
thank you alan , especially for the ending quote &lt; 3
who ever this warren chick is she is crazy .
stop bothering her to back hillary .
it is time for a woman to be president and she is the best candidate i can think of .
and yes thank you for your dedicated work for all of us in minnesota .
take care of minnesota and then you can judge donald trump for president .
you know the comparison between wages here isn &apos;t true , right ?
warren for president , 2020 !
as far as obummer &apos;s choice for the new supreme court justice he too is nothing more than a democratic hack like you , schummer , obummer , biden , reid , pelosi et al !
point to today &apos;s police report : nobody disagrees with background checks , increasing the care to the mentally ill , strengthening the restriction-to-access of weapons for people struggling with mental illness .
always proud of you senator .
keeping it classy , liz !
thank you amy - my poor father on fixed income who has to drive is devastated by these prices .
i wish you hadnt stayed silent before your state &apos;s primaries .
thank you for your opposition and your commitment to us .
ron , i hope you show some backbone and speak out against the lying of your wisconsin republican vp candidate .
# stillsanders # dropouthillary # notmeus
i am with you al .
when she &apos;s received far more money from big business than trump has .
debbie cassin judy cisco
bravo for you , elizabeth warren ! !
december 15 , 2013 - world peace run - 9 : 30am accross usa .
i &apos;m digging how trump supporters come to your page and set the story straight .
looking forward to casting my vote for you in 2020 .
i question your linking the murder of emmitt till to the deaths of trayvon martin and michael brown .
rightchange two groups that deal with payroll systems , the naw and the nprc , report that senate democrats temporary 2-month payroll holiday could create &quot; substantial problems , confusion , and costs affecting a significant percentage of u.s. employers and employees . &quot;
its bad for oregon .
senator murray i think your time has come to step aside and let someone represent our state that will side with the people and not big pharma .
it &apos;s not going to stop piracy but it is going to bring an end to a remarkable achievement known as the internet .
senator warner , i have voted for you every single time you have run for the senate .
thank you - resist as expediently as humanly &amp; congessionally possible
the big banks need to be severly disciplined .
nice on the &apos; don &apos;t work for him &apos; , perhaps technically correct but your activities with the democratic party in oregon are not quite &quot; just a voter &quot; now are they ?
thank you for your work and hope you and john are doing well !
yes bernie will need lots of secret service as he is 100 % jewish .
i live in australia and i think donald trump would be fantastic for the united states .
thank you for your service tammy duckworth .
who can we commit violence against now ?
all i can add to all of this is i hope mrs. warren finds herself outside any political positions in the future .
if we want to prevent gun violence , we need to enforce the current laws before we pass new ones .
thank you senator tester for standing for us women .
as we the people continue to diversify , you &apos;re going to need to come to the table with far more than racism , sexism , bigotry bs to win .
that won &apos;t stop violence and it won &apos;t stop violence with guns , but it would in some cases , help .
thank you claire for all you do and amen tamara !
tell them elizabeth ! ! !
would love to see an official ( rather than implied , as this appears to be ) endorsement of bernie sanders , senator warren .
we need you and your fellow democrats to get louder ! !
you represent the all voters of nh and your decision and behavior regarding our duly elected president is simply deplorable .
and even if they ever have , they still give themselves a raise &quot; you dip shit &quot; you must have either been looking at pallone or at yourself in a mirror when you used that description .
ok ... you toughened pipe lines but you have not toughened gmo label laws in support of medical advice to those of us who need labeling so we can make an informed choice .
this the wyclef jon foundation .
you are my hereo , ms. warren .
debbie , this is the reason i &apos;m voting for you .
please keep fighting for medically trained service dogs for veterans suffering form ptsd !
clinton has proved many times she lacks judgment and even bernie says that .
thank you representative pocan - i will not forget your brave stance
thanks for clearing that up ... now would you care to explain this upcoming fundraiser trump is running for you ? ...
booker and menendez voted yea on this one .
yes you are absolutely correct mr van hollen i applaud you on your statement about lbj &apos;s war on poverty .
- john yarmuth kentucky voted overwhelmingly for trump .
go connecticut
please vote for senator sanders for president .
yes , 2020 please !
i would love to one day see the gun violence blamed on the person that commits the crime not the weapon used .
thank you so much for supporting this congresswoman clarke !
progressive dems have to compromise ?
how come you never cried when barack obama was dropping bombs on moslems on a daily basis including women and children schumer ?
^ pot isn &apos;t a cure .
you are a great asset to nys and the us senate .
not that i think it &apos;s going to do any good , but i implore you to not vote for senator roberts &apos; version of the dark act !
i think it &apos;s important for people to understand it not smart to just vote for hillary just because she is a woman hold out for the right woman people .
amy , you work are for the people here in minnesota and for the good of the usa .
i will not support any democratic politician that doesn &apos;t do every single thing in his or her power to block every single appointment , change , or law the republicans try to enact or put in place .
i &apos;m proud to have voted for you , congresswoman .
even as a supporter of bernie , this post is so incredulous it &apos;s not even funny .
thank you from the bottom of my heart tulsi , for showing brave leadership in the face of adversity .
happy and healthy new year to you and your family .
we need more strong voices like yours fighting for gun control .
i think it &apos;s time for you to help some of the enthusiastic , well-meaning , devoted sanders supporters to understand why we all need to stop attacking hillary .
as a woman i think there is more at hand here than woman &apos;s reproductive rights .
very disappointed you voted down making it easier to buy prescriptions from canada .
this is a very sad moment for michigan &apos;s hard working people .
how many manufacturing jobs have been lost and where is the current gdp number amy ?
trump is who has my vote .
congressman booker .
i have been following your story and am shaping my own as a friend who understands that words matter , they compel thought into action .
thanks ron wyden for your part in enticing them here .... as well as all the other things you do !
thank you for all of your work and especially in passing a jobs bill .
my behavior is the same behavior of adam &amp; eve .
i need to move to oregon .
push for mental health , school based counseling .
ferguson has the right to protect the people of ferguson !
i like you kirsten , but bullshit .
thank you chris van hollen
and happy father &apos;s day to your husband , senator gillibrand !
oh happy 2014 senator amy klobuchar !
pallone , you have your order backwards .
democrats aren &apos;t the the one that coddle to the rich and to corporate america .
know your history schumer !
senator kaine , thank you for your continued service .
hillary did win , i &apos;m sorry , these electoral votes need to go !
senator cory booker , i &apos;m really concerned about what i see as mob mentality taking over the white house .
if hilary clinton has the class to attend , so should you .
happy easter to you and to your family kamala harris
thank you for the great work your doing senator gillibrand celebrating americas civil rights leader of the 21st century .
no violence is excusable .
please help mn vets .
being unemployed , i &apos;m hoping for good news on the economy ....
how fortunate we are to have you representing us .
she is not a progressive senator .
class act frank .
bannon will be a gate keeper to potus .
go get &apos; em tammy !
not quite the greatest democracy in the world .
it &apos;s about time has someone actually says what trump is really like .
good job amy , from ruth k ( an immigrant )
frank where were the jobs last year ?
thank you mrs. stabenow .
even as a longtime racist of color , you should be aware that it is far more intelligent to wait for the facts to fall into place before making the usual knee jerk , al sharpton level judgement .
al is blowing smoke signals
mahalo senator schatz .
keep the fight for peace on .
why , senator , are you blocking access to cheaper prescription drugs from canada ?
thank you for standing with her , u.s. senator elizabeth warren .
please advocate your best sir ! ! ! !
you were lucky to have him as a friend .
mr. yarmuth what makes you think that the result in america from accepting syrian refugees will be any different than france &apos;s experience .
hey jackie !
the first piece of legislation signed by president obama was the lilly ledbetter equal pay act !
i &apos;m sorry senator schumer that our president is void of a heart and soul and mocks you for showing real emotions .
i see bernie fighting , questioning along with warren etc , don &apos;t see hillary anywhere .
do you not remember the hand wringing and tongue clucking when trump said the elections were rigged ?
mrs. gillibrand are you aware nassau county police , correction officers and amt &apos;s have their salaries frozen below poverty level as well as other numerous county employees ?
bernie needs you ! !
thank you senator mccaskill for everything you do to help this country ...
elizabeth warren should run
i am proud to have been part of this !
happy birt6hday , senator !
says the focus is on pallone and his dismissal response to bp and the greatest environmental disaster ever and his duplicity allowing the epa to get away with recommending corexit9500 !
eric , rather than spewing out more lies about rick , state your facts .
thank you for all you do for all of us here in springfield .
follow the $ $ $ $ earl
book booker for 2020 !
just negotiate for drugs like basically every country does .
liz morro welsh nathalie rodriguez
franken is a nut case ! ! !
can all you pallone supporters please tell me why he deserves another term ?
look at what the senate democrats do to someone , a woman , who is trying to help woman .
corporations are out for themselves .
and you gave the dnc a free pass .
hillary and trump are one and the same .
i live in michigan now .
oh and im not just saying this because i support mr sanders 100 % .
thank you for your continued efforts to keep californians safe .
house the homeless , provide mental help for them .
get a real job kirsten , in the real world , not your fantasy gov .
the e.r.a. , e.e.o.c. , the cusp of true lgbt equality .
ron , so which of the candidates that agree with your position on peace and privacy do you prefer : jill stein --who shares your views on environmental issues or gary johnson -- who has executive experience and is polling in double digits ?
single payer , as amy said .
sadly for rick and the dnc , the candidates bernie supports are not the establishment !
go jared go ! ! !
the most common of the 34 approved medicaid optional services are clinic services diagnostic services intermediate care facilities for drugs with mental retardation ( icf / mr ) and prostheses prescribed optometry services and eyeglasses nursing services for children under 21 years .................................................. .
congrats elizabeth ; - ) maybe now you and bernie can have a brew
hats off madam
not just vetrans ... everyone should have timely affordable access to mental health treatment , care and respect
neither are you you voted against the people and for big pharma
i &apos;m behind you , elizabeth !
grateful for all you do for all of us !
thanks earl , it will make a more balanced scotus to have another woman on the court .
may i point out that the coward involved in the newtown killings first killed his own mother to steal her guns ?
anyone who does not understand why elizabeth warren has not endorsed bernie , and probably why she chose not to run , needs to take 3 1 / 2 minutes and watch this excellent young turks video : https : / / www.facebook.com / theyoungturks / videos / 10153506986619205 /
please join bernie and put an end to this nonsense ! ! ! !
come save us in 2020
cowardice is not standing up to big pharma with your vote .
yes amy pleasae push an end tothe sequester threat ...... don &apos;t give in fight tough and strong the other side of the aisle has had it way too easy these past years make &apos; em sweat !
as a washington state resident , i ask that you oppose military intervention in syria .
why do they ignore that she supports ( and is a big proponent of ) fracking that pours millions of gallons of cancer causing chemicals into our water supply and feeds climate change ?
bernie bots are delusional when every poll for months had bernie beating trump with larger margins than clinton ?
her fb page says she was at a right wing political rally : https : / / secure.ffcoalition.com / civicrm / event / register ? reset = 1 &amp; id = 1 &quot; confirmed speakers : anna little , brent bozell , brian donahue , chip saltsman , cong .
each state has the right to enact common sense gun safety measures that reflect the will of their people .
rubbish from a progressive leftist
elizabeth warren is right about the pipeline .
and ... we will not stand idly by for the daily ( yes , daily ) mass murders by gun .
hey amy .
rock star congresswoman kyrsten sinema !
the middle class needs a break too .
as a member of one of the minorities that mr trump , mr pence and the republican party in general regularly target , i am very hopeful that you and our few other allies like elizabeth warren and the honorable mr cummings will work hard to protect us .
we love amy cause she is one of us !
progressives have run out of patience with right wingers &apos; efforts to intimidate them .
you going to endorse bernie sanders ?
that &apos;s great a connecticut senator marching against democracy by the way you &apos;re supposed to represent all the people
did he cry for 14 killed , 22 injured in san bernadino ?
booker , you supported hillary who we knew couldn &apos;t beat trump , please crawl away
we are so proud to have you working for us ! ! ! !
great job amy thank you ! ! !
the proposal to expand internet access to rural mn is good .
i &apos;m grateful for elastic waistbands today .
workers need to have a choice to join a union that &apos;s a voice .
you did us all a favor sen booker , you once again exposed the allegiances of the democratic party , laid bare for all to see .
do not underestimate the widespread , progressive democratic rejection of corporate influence and how it corrupts , or overestimate your support even in this blessedly blue state .
why are we not addressing mental health and allowing law abiding citizens to defend themselves against these nut jobs ?
if she runs with hillary clinton , i will never vote for elizabeth warren again for any office she runs for in the future .
claire conlon asks &quot; with more preventative care provided through the affordable care act , how much money will the country save annually with less emergency room visits ? &quot;
trump answered each question with so much negativity .
go get &apos; em , kyrsten !
nice work we all know how much men really need women !
you want the medications come in to be well regulated ?
kristen is making we all do not go thrugh crisis again .
dear amy , all of a sudden two refineries are shut down for maintenance , it has never happened before ? ? ? ?
deal with it liz .
add to that to reinstate mental health workers in our schools to identify troubled kids and make it easier for people to seek help .
the rich get the first wave of fresh printed money , the poor get freebies , and the purchasing power of the middle class has been destroyed through inflation .
as we all know , bernie is not a young man , and your presence in the white house would mean that we actually have a chance , and a really good chance , to win again in 2020 , if bernie is not in a position to run .
the dnc hacks fall squarely on the dnc leadership .
there are plenty of rich people in jail cory !
people , a certified nurse assistant who is working long shifts is exactly the type of $ 10 / hour employee who needs food stamps to feed a family .
so if bernie doesn &apos;t continue to respect my choice , hillary , i may not respect him anymore .
we do want stronger gun laws !
every man and woman should be treated as equals .
it &apos;s hard to hear this from you kamala harris when you were silent when sf bayview citizens asked you for your help on the mario woods case .
it is ridiculous that student loan interest rates are so high compared to products built to keep wealth in the hands of big business .
cory , please run in 2020 ... please !
vote blue no matter who
we must also work to have steven bannon removed from the white house staff and the national security council .
amy klobuchar has the right stuff !
wish you were canadian &lt; 3
i hope you are committed to opposing the confirmations of the other disturbing cabinet nominees , most specifically sessions and tillerson .
stop talking about the kkk .... he has disavowed them like 2 dozen times since 2001. there are like 5,000 kkk members in america ... yeah , real contingency there , elizabeth .
gun advocates deflect the issue of ownership by advocating for stronger laws to keep guns out of the hands of those with mental illnesses .
please don &apos;t let the nra intimidate our leaders .
i wish that i still lived in massachusetts so that i could vote for you !
please contact the electors in your state to tell them , we do not want donald trump in the white house !
racism and religious bigotry are both two ways streets ! !
al franken done made it big ... he was in the group to watch the inaug !
apparently you also voted against an amendment to lower the cost of prescription drugs this week.you have received $ 267,338 in contributions from big pharma .
so if you still support cory booker , then you are not a real liberal or progressive , but just a democratic party pro-corporate hack .
i guess the 515 k from big pharma made the vote easier ....
he has killed the humanity by using weapon of mass destruction and internationally banned weapons !
stopping the fast track on the tpp must be one of those priorities .
your racism is disturbing .
thanks for your service congressman sheila jackson lee .
even she said to me , &quot; i don &apos;t understand how any of these democrats can attend this inauguration . &quot;
haha , jon .
you have lost any possible future votes from me yarmuth
as a native of troy ny but a dc resident for 15 years , i appreciate all that you &apos;ve done .
pam overlander , senator franken and senator klobuchar &apos;s record speaks for itself .
if i were a democrat , i would want people to vote democrat all day long , even after they die .
people who support him just shows clearly the hate and racism has never left ! ! !
during that time corporate sales in the united states totaled $ 2.5 trillion , according to democratic sens .
please read on amy and the people of mn if you would like to keep on eating food ; dear senator &apos;s and representatives , and the president of the united states of america i have listened all week long about the pro &apos;s and con &apos;s of the keystone pipeline .
mark pocan speaks for me !
you go , tim kaine -- we in va. need you and so does dc !
come on elizabeth ... endorse senator sanders .
anna and stephanie : you clearly know nothing about economics .
that is why i am not silence about you taking money from drug companies and then voting their interest regarding amy &apos;s amendment .
please do what you can to push for stronger gun control .
i do worry about what i can do in new mexico to stay sane and help our country move forward .
al franken 2016
thank you for your efforts cory booker .
i know you &apos;ll continue to make your supporters proud !
broadband can wait , let &apos;s talk about the nominees you &apos;ve voted yes for .
trump is a rxn to the damage and fear inflicted by the left like elizabeth warren .
thank you mr. merkley !
please inform me how you arrived at your statements against bernie ?
the health and safety of our food quality and supply ?
i don &apos;t know how anyone--republican , democrat or independent--can approve of a &quot; work &quot; schedule of 2 days on , 7 weeks off .
wasn &apos;t there a revealing video of your husband collaborating on efforts to use voter fraud , fear and lies for hillary clinton ?
all is very well thanks , baby girl is getting ready to crawl , blabbing away .
senator i am writing to ask that you join senator bernie sanders in filibustering the tax breaks for the richest americans ( which you will benefit from ) .
maxine waters is a crooked and corrupt congresswoman .
it might be political suicide , but democrats need to start doing something about reversal of the tax cuts started by ronald reagan , which began the largest transfer of wealth from the lower classes to the uber-rich in human history .
@ lindsey mcbride : &quot; i support you elizabeth - but all this money could be put toward something better than lawn signs and commercials .
thank you for all hard work and dedication .
i put &apos; equality &apos; in quotes , and intend to keep fighting for a woman &apos;s right to choose and to receive equal pay , and ...
dear mr. welch we are in syria seeking peace in our country and all world .
instead of the risk of appearing uncooperat ive , maybe you al should demonstrat e that you are willing to stay in session as long as it takes to overcome a filibuster and extend both unemployme nt benefits for extend for jobless americans and tax cuts for the middle class .
- president andrew &quot; jackass &quot; jackson ( father of the democratic party ) http : / / www.auditthefed.com
you lost this voter , earl blumenauer , by standing by # herfraudulency .
mr. schumer obama did not win 60 + % of the people &apos;s vote .
trump is mentally ill. doesn &apos;t matter how he won the election , he &apos;s still crazy .
by giving it a like ( in youtube , ) you &apos;re helping to halt the faux-liberal hypocrisy : https : / / youtu.be / 8ulkincdiia schumer 2015 : &quot; refugee ban necessary &quot; - schumer 2017 : …
if you remember , amy , why do you sell our liberties when you vote in the senate .
happy birthday - it is your birthday today , correct ?
also happy birthday young man .
ty elizabeth warren
yet you seem to think we should continue on the current path , kirsten .
senator duckworth you did it ! ! !
! thank you congresswoman wilson ! !
what wise and encouraging words , cory booker .
but there &apos;s always enough money to bomb brown people .
she is a shining example of god &apos;s love the poor , homeless and hurting .
great man governor mario cuomo was ! ! ! !
don &apos;t be a dick , dick .
brava , senator warren , well said !
@ 42 : 35 and , we &apos;re going to be discussing donald trump and the kind of egotistical , personality driven , kind of xenophobic , racist , imperialist wedding of corporate power to the executive power of the central governrnment .
stephen hawley is heavily involved in frank pallone &apos;s campaign .
i &apos;m so glad you &apos;re there making a difference !
oh yeah fyi crooked hillary is losing millions right now global initiative , countries are withdrawing millions of funds since she can &apos;t pay-to-play amd having to lay off people in the process .
i &apos;ll keep fighting back against the traitor patty murray .
mostly future voters for the democrats aren &apos;t they ?
work place violence ?
bendiciones ruben gallego , wishing you &amp; kate a happy new year .
the only campaign finance reform i want to see is restrictions placed on union political contributions .
patty murray , are you planning on addressing the concerns of your constituents ?
we are all counting on people like you , ms warren .
you can do it , kyrsten !
obstruct , block , resist !
sweet vote against bernie sanders ....
senior senator u.s. senator elizabeth warren elizabeth warren
i happen to have been one of these victims that this has haapen to ; and because of my reputal to and of these evil &apos;s acts , i have been black balled and targeted , from the same corrupt police officers that continue to target me as well as my family .
sensible gun legislation only provides for legitimate gun owners .
thanks mark !
exactly how many kkk leaders does the u.s have ?
amy i sure hope u dig deep into this situation with these gas prices .
the russians , according to the new york times , ended up with &quot; one-fifth of all uranium production capacity in the united states . &quot;
narcissistic personality disorder doesn &apos;t leave room for context .
bernie sanders should be minority leader .
how do i chose what will make you change your view to not only support the murphy bill hr2646 - helping families in mental health crisis , but to leave it intact ?
but yet you still are for sopa : ( that &apos;ll make this life-long democrat to not want to vote for you : (
@ 42 : 35 and , we &apos;re going to be discussing donald trump and the kind of egotistical , personality driven , kind of xenophobic , racist , imperialist wedding of corporate power to the executive power of the central government .
i think you should be hillary &apos;s running mate elizabeth
senator donnelly i am so glad that we have you working for us in washington .
what a joke 😩 so i &apos;m all for this , beto !
jeremy
don &apos;t forget congresswoman your &quot; boss &quot; is we the people ! ! !
and forget about retaking the house in 2014 with lgbt support !
chiming in from tammy baldwin country to wish both tammy and elizabeth great victories on tuesday .
love those minnesota boys !
sanders and warren are great advocates for the progressive liberal democratic agenda .
to our american neighbours : elizabeth warren for president !
the kkk is a group founded by democrats ! !
happy happy birthday patty .... so proud that you are our senator ! !
you are a true lady elizabeth warren !
you showed your true colors , bernie would have won in a landslide .
this campaign season reminds me of a skit you did as franken &amp; davis and you were both running for office and the smears got dirtier and dirtier , till the end .
on the other hand , virtually every major league sports player has participated in varsity high school sports .
let &apos;s start by lifting the congressional ban on using federal funding for researching the causes of gun violence that &apos;s been in place for 20 years .
but most of the mentally ill don &apos;t have this option .
+ $ 200,000 from pharma and nj is full of them .
love it , rick !
bull shit booker
congressman sherman thank you so much for co sponsoring h.res.
thank you patty for helping obama in sticking it to us again ! !
my thoughts are that you and joe walsh are about as different as night and day .
i would vote for her , and doubly so if she ran for the vp slot on a bernie sanders ticket .
so you took money from big pharma u will be fine actually u r at the top of the list of donateers
www.youtube.com / user / dougphipps oregon horse trainer who was in germany and europe before during and after 911 .. came home to .. father surrounded by gov workers ans familly till he was dead and his lifelong business given to john southwick son of a secret service .. my lifes work sold by clinton anderson .
senator kaine , i did try to ask this question on * ask tim , but couldn &apos;t , sorry .
what steps are you taking to ensure our safety ?
i just mailed in three ballots for my household ... all of which had a big blue box next to your name !
face it , senator , you &apos;re pharma &apos;s bitch and we know it .
congratulations , tammy , and thanks for your service , and for your sacrifice .
this said , i believe i speak for millions of americans who would like to see you join the ticket of either candidate , but more so with bernie sanders .
stop taking veteran gun rights without due process
the inauguration is a ceremony that can and should be bipartisan to unite our two parties and show the world we are the united states of america .
don &apos;t give in nancy .
america is a country where people are politically equal -- and women outnumber men !
i am so glad that stabenow is my senator ... get that ... senator .
hey frank , you and any administration , army or police better be willing to take a lead injection to pry my 2nd amendment rights from my cold dead hands !
i really admire you , senator franken , but the drivel and uninspired &quot; thinking &quot; flowing like overfull sewers from local , county , state and federal office holders and institutions has to stop , and must evolve , if there is any hope for any safe and peaceful future .
why are you in bed with big pharma ?
hey chillary you are 0-2 in presidential runs plus 232-306 in electoral votes .
happy birthday , you are the best ! !
don &apos;t you dare let this orange tyrant undermine democracy .
communication infrastructure projects really played pivotal role in economic development as our government is paying heed on mass transit and allied transportation system that brings significant improvement and considerably lessen the congestion on roads same i hope for the minnesota as sitting thousands miles away from this continent .
schumer thinks that our vetting system is working just fine , yet this compound was able to be set up right in his own backyard .
earl blumenauer is official mentally ill if he believes that the feds should look into cannabis events .
amazing when you think about how far weve come housing is in a crashing bubble .
senator durbin with all due respect this is bullshit .
she killed trump read this .
she was murdered by an abusive ex-boyfriend who she tried to leave , that the justice system did nothing about to protect her , because of lack of laws .
he publicly supports anti vaccine conspiracy theory nonsense for example ; honestly i can &apos;t think of any reason anyone sane would support him .
glad these pictures were taken as a reminder of how beautiful our city is ! !
exactly .. &quot; trump is a racist and is a narcissist &quot; thats the only thing left wingers say .
which is why we need bernie sanders .
je suis gaza .
i think that you and ms. cantwell should have voted yes .
liz and danielle - dear god i love elizabeth warren .
senator chuck schumer , what are you and the other democrats doing to right this ?
what &apos;s it going to be amy .
keep fighting the tpp .
so why not choices in gmo &apos;s in food ?
thanks al .
high capacity weapons are designed for one purpose-- to kill in mass quantities .
for goodness sake .... it wasn &apos;t a death threat .
what cory booker voted against the other day was an amendment to what &apos;s called a budget resolution .
if brown took the high road and just went on the issues , i think my decision would be much more difficult .
you , elizabeth warren , continue to show class , dignity , intelligence , and the spirit we need in washington .
the dnc has lost all credibility .
of course stabenow will get on the bandwagon against snyder .... he is repblican .
not only do women get paid less in our state , but now do not have the right to join the union for equal pay .
additionally , the clinton family has received over $ 67,000 from planned parenthood during their political careers , and hillary received nearly $ 12,000 from their employees specifically for her presidential campaign .
elizabeth esty .
but ms. warren , our only other choice will be hillary !
you should go to the inauguration
in addition to the muslim ban , there is the unilateral threat of bannon on the national security council .
so warren you are completely ok with hilary &apos;s crimes right ?
.thank you betty
tammy duckworth , please pay attention to the state of illinois workers whose health care premiums have not been paid by the state in two years .
i would love to see positive steps in helping these poor families , much as help was given to white families during the new deal .
thank you for your hard work and respectful attitude towards all .
i hardly think drugs from canada would be unsafe .
liz , is it the &quot; stew of hatred &quot; for him or for the deplorable way the &quot; representatives &quot; of our country are handling themselves !
2020. i &apos;m with you .
from wales , uk - thank you !
&quot; casey jo &quot; is dead because of people like you , amy .
they should be marching in the streets of their home country protesting and fighting for change , like our ancestors fought for our rights over 200 years ago .
please stop allowing the sale of semiautomatic weapons , and please keeps guns in general out of the hands of mentally unstable people and criminals .
drugs destroy or damage so many people and families .
thanks for speaking today at the dem convention .
thank you , senator murray , for addressing this .
classic , -best of minnesota .
alissa piper castellon she &apos;s my favorite 👌
as a former minnesotan who remembers amy as the hennepin county attorney , so very proud of her !
please consider looking at the page dnc fraud lawsuit before considering keith ellison .
funny thing , because australia was founded on criminals , and crime is so low ( due to a priority in education and health ) .
as a teacher i was so glad he was governor and all his work he did to make minnesota a leader in the nation in education .
mahalo nui loa ..
cory is also great and will help unite the black / hispanic vote .
please tell me what jobs because she promised us here in ny and the only jobs that were created was on her staff
( y ) i am so fortunate you are my senator .
congressman pallone - would you have any statistics on how much regulatory compliance , at all levels , contributes to the cost of childcare ?
love you jon !
if the drugs canada is selling were made in the us , then imported to canada , and resold to us , what &apos;s the issue with safety ?
we force gay folks to marry and have sex with the opposite gender ?
are you thinking of the ensuing environmental mitigation that will be put upon the mn taxpayers when polymet pulls up shop and we are left to clean up the sulfuric acid ?
i think teaching our citizens expect for guns and teaching them proper usage only makes us all safer .
sorry , we refuse to allow trolls to detract from this historic moment !
such individual differences are seen as a strength in a republic rather than as a flaw under democracy , which equates sameness as equality .
thank you for supporting the national popular vote !
thank you for representing oregon with intelligence , class , and openess ....
thank you sen. warner , for listening to us !
michelle obama for 2020 🙌
confirm trumps picks now.if not the democraps will pay come 2018 and 2020.time to pull up your big girl panties and stop trying to slow walk everything .
thank you and we &apos;re thankful for your years of political services .
congratulations tammy well done may god bless u
please share ........ don &apos;t care if you are blue , red purple ......
she will show you the vast numbers of semi trucks and trains delivering oil .
trump is a dirty business man first , and sold all of you on a &quot; make america great again &quot; slogan gimmick ..... hilarious !
@ eye i am here because kirsten is the us senator for ny and as she is my representitive i try to maintain a repectful discouse on here @ janis thre are groups out here posting on politicians websites and then never come back they are called serial posters .
it brings joy to my heart and serves as inspiration .
fuck you ! !
and rick larsen ... hillary clinton !
potus-elect booker 2020
saw you on hardball tonight , senator klobuchar !
now how about you do your duty to represent the will of your constituents and cast your superdelegate vote for bernie !
thank you for working so tirelessly and determinedly for us all ... : )
it &apos;s so hypocritical of them to point out that trump doesn &apos;t follow tradition .
thank you---we can never give up the fight for the right of reproductive choice !
a huge commitment to fight climate change , subsidize renewable energy , stop off-shore drilling , prohbit fracking in public lands , and protect wildlife .
when drumpf loses , expect the hate and vitriol he has unleashed to be his lasting gift to america .
i cant say im sorry to hear that barney frank is on his way out .
patty : please continue to post , , , , , , , , , , we need your guideance more than ever in this difficult time , i am truly hoping for the best in the next 4 years .
you mentioned the kkk .
thank you senator for continuing to fight for our servicewomen ( and men ) .
celebrate someones death and someones birth because a bridge collapsed ?
if the majority of citizens in that state agree to changing gun laws for themselves , or agree to pay for their neighbors health care , than so be it , for them and their state ! ! !
i am urging all members to put their full support behind house resolution 752 , introduced by congressman alcee l. hastings .
do not live in minnesota , but still will thank you !
senator ron wyden first of all thank you for continuing to serve all the citizens of our country but most especially to work for the citizens of oregon .
from the original 13 khazar banking house families that infested frankfort germany in 1300 the bauer , schiff , steir , schnapper , stearns , warburgs , sachs , goldman , goldshmidt , kuhn , loeb , baer and rockerfeller .
hey joe , remember the old saying &quot; the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth .
hasn &apos;t ms. warren ever heard the saying , &quot; people in glass houses should not throw stones &quot; ?
thank you , representative larsen !
you tell &apos; em , amy !
i am so proud that you continue to represent everyone .
keep on fighting the good fight liz !
hope you will march in portland on saturday !
we are proud to have you represent the great state of minnesota .
as a proud resident of the first state to legalize gay marriage , i hope you support our prideful lgbt community by opposing more immigration of muslim refugees
over the past decade , israeli forces have arrested , interrogated and prosecuted around 7,000 palestinian children aged between between 12 and 17 , most of them boys , the report said , noting the rate was equivalent to &quot; an average of two children each day . &quot;
i note , louise , that none of the folks whose emails were released have refuted them .... indeed , one dnc chair resigned or was fired depending how you look at it .
best of luck for a productive and happy new year .
elizabeth warren is so right !
i am proud to have you representing ny state and glad to have such an amazing role model for young women to look up to .
-- i am a citizen of indiana , a democrat , and a voter .
the key word in mrs warren &apos;s statement is love , sadly lacking in today &apos;s world .
we can only hope that the electors will right this wrong .
more debates debbie !
the mental health industry ( insurance too ) has to be revamped .
please don &apos;t forget &quot; the least , the last and the lost &quot; psych rn 45 years trying to be an advocate for those who get ignored and shunned .
the deep pocket of the american tax payer is endless non stop wealth and generosity , thanks frank for giving away other people money !
we would love to have you here mrs elizabeth warren
mn grad .
yes ... happy independence day to you , al and to your loved ones
if it is verified that chemical weapons were used , i support the use of force against syria .
you go , vice president warren !
go get them rick !
i still have yet to read the so called racist and sexist remarks from trump .
keep calling him out , senator -- we are glad to be represented by you ! !
i sure hope that mental health for students can be reinstated .
well i appreciate the fact that you are continuing to consider the voices of your democratic constituents .
elizabeth warren and killary .... birds of a feather flock together !
apparently the american public is now going to have to repent as well senator , due to the fact that you were one of the 12 democrats that led to the killing of cheaper prescription medication coming out of canada .
i &apos;m curious to know if you will change your endorsement to bernie sanders if we have another large-margin victory for bernie on saturday ?
middle class person here who has run a company ( small ) for 25 years .
i want that recipe , amy klobuchar !
amazing senator carper .
i urge you to immediately speak out in the most unequivocal and uncompromising terms against the frighteningly dangerous steve bannon , a favorite of the kkk and american nazi party .
al franken , who actually owns the internet ?
to those of you who are saying ron wyden lost your support because he denied working with paul ryan , you need to take a second look .
michael , he &apos;ll blow his opponent out of the water , just like amy klobuchar did to kurt bills .
happy birthday mrs. president
i wasn &apos;t aware a senator durbin supported the illinois pension theft .
i am very proud to have you at my senator ! !
thank you for not supporting the executive order , senator joe donnelly .
patty murray
peter , you and your democrat colleagues set the bar in place when you supported the 100 % cram thru of the aca .
brother ahepan frank thank you for always being there for the hellenic issues and the liberation of cyprus
@ maggie in chicago its illegal to have handguns and guess what theres more gun violence there .
as well as bernie is doing , you would have done even better .
senator warren is spot on !
prevent local industry from being stripped and relocated out of oregon state .
in your statement , you lament baby &apos;s being shot in chicago .
talk about mental health support not the red herrings that politics plays .
if booth gardner helped you get your start in politics , murray , then he doesn &apos;t deserve anything but contempt .
why do you support a champion of this failed policy , hillary clinton ?
are there any provisions under vawa that would protect women in this type of situation ?
let us begin by &quot; widening our circle of compassion to embrace &quot; the life of the defenseless babe whose human heart beats in the womb .
i see bernie point his middle finger in while he is looking at your post sister 😂 😂 😂
happy fathers &apos;s day mr. pascrell
i &apos;ve been saying this since drumpf started running .
what difference does it make that she &apos;s a black woman .
hahaha ... i thought hawaii was fucked up ...
amy cook they are not genetically modifying with other plants but with other species , toxins and we don &apos;t know what all .... if a plant has a chemical in it to kill viruses or pests ..... do you really believe it wont build up in our bodies ?
the murderer is an individual with mental illness .
what surprised me a bit was the eagerness with which samsters say they welcome &quot; all of the citations you can share showing that marijuana is an effective and safe treatment for ptsd &quot; .
amy stop our president from degrading our soldiers !
and i know you are a wonderful representative for mn and the us !
for what it &apos;s worth though , i applaud you for speaking directly to the people .
happy birthday president obama .. : )
give it a rest betty mccollum !
kudos to rep us rep rick nolan !
you are truely great senator -for the people .
kirsten , the fuel will get here regardless of whether it comes from a pipeline or a train .
the fact of the matter is your explanation is idiotic because other developed countries around the world has better drugs than we do .
will you accept if she offers it ?
senator warren , i could not agree with you more .
trump and his followers are menaces to the future of the us .
please run ms warren .
clinton / warren ticket ! !
i really hope this new version will include some other dog eating countries and a clause about cats as well , who are also tortured and eaten .
thanks for testifying against jeff sessions !
good luck new york .
thank you amy for standing up for what &apos;s right and continuing to fight for equal rights for everyone .
poorly made drug ingredients have been linked to side effects and deaths , health canada has said .
amy you are great , a fair and thoughtful person and it shows in how well you represent our state .
keep true to our democratic values as you always do and keep working to bridge the gap between the crazies !
thank you for your support debbie !
hate to break it to you , joe , but having sex &quot; without protection &quot; isn &apos;t always the case .
i &apos;m glad elizabeth warren is supporting our president &apos;s policy .
@ jim -- there are several international unions .
let &apos;s fund mental health in all our schools !
thank you for the kind words , mr. booker .
thank you for opposing the next bank bailout !
pretty sad i thoughy you were actually a good politician but i guess theyre all the same including you cory booker
you give the appearance of voting to support the pharmaceutical industry instead of supporting the citizens who elected you .
the american people didn &apos;t speak .... the electoral college spoke !
cory , you inspire me to be a better citizen !
agree with you that trump is a pathetic coward ... but how can you still call this the &quot; greatest democracy on the planet &quot; with everything we &apos;ve been witnessing ? ? ?
if only you cared about the women who you hurt by actually destroying their health care , rather than a place that victimizes women over and over again .
here you got patty the munchkin murray just in case you forgot http : / / www.usdebtclock.org / thats a lot of fucking money i recommend a pay cut to start .
count women into the scared group today
cfpb - a great start senator warren .
thank you senator booker for doing your part to keep this nation on track .
trumps supporters feel they finally have a champion who understands .
if not for unemployment , we literally would be homeless , and eating cat food .
ms. warren , i give trump three days in the white house and he will abdicate !
those of us that are true conservatives are as afraid and devastated as many democrats ..... for the same reasons elizabeth warren quoted .
is al franken the senator or the governor of minnesota ?
thank you , i could use your help .
defies logic .... but that &apos;s progressive thinking for you .
who is more divisive and racist and hate monger in than ms warren .
run for office jon
it &apos;s been clear that &quot; consumer protection &quot; is code for big pharma not getting enough in return for allowing this import to happen .
way to go kyrsten .
btw - thank snyder for the fancy accounting .
congressman yarmuth , i agree with your decision .
kristen gillibrand has more balls than the rest of you democratic wimps combined !
there &apos;s a reason you &apos;re consistently voted &quot; rocket scientist &quot; of congress patty .
names of democrats on house oversight committee who walked out on benghazi victim family members rep. carolyn maloney ( ny-14 ) rep. eleanor holmes norton ( d.c. ) rep. john tierney ( ma-6 ) rep. wm .
thank you , patty , for your positive outlook on an otherwise disappointing midterm election in the 42nd district and nationwide , and bless you for all you do in your excellent representing of the people of washington state .
but i think the real issue lays with the broken mental health system .
imo maybe you shouldn &apos;t consider re-election , because you are not representing the people of minnesota .
amy , thank you for what you have done in duluth and across the state .
go get &apos; em frank
go get em chris !
hey elizabeth - keep your schedule free in 4 years .
thank you , debbie , for all you do and keep fighting for us .
senator wyden we need you more than ever !
patty - work on those dems that voted no on this bill too- how can they call themselves democrats ?
your constituents need you to take a step toward banning all assault weapons .
how about tpp awareness ?
and let &apos;s not forget that the russian revolution of 1917 was also initially sparked , as leon trotsky recalls in his definitive history , by a defiant women &apos;s protest .
attorney general kamala d. harris has a nice ring to it ! !
bless elizabeth warren .
please do what &apos;s right and support bernie .
i , too , am proud of our maryland senators .
thank you for working hard to help keep minnesotans warm !
and you think hilary is better ! ? !
one of the 13 democrats selling out obamacare , cory booker voted no on sen. sanders protection amendment sen. cory booker 202-224-3224 info @ booker.senate.gov https : / / www.facebook.com / photo.php ? fbid = 10208697952751841 &amp; set = a.1932984569937.2098211.1401964122 &amp; type = 3 &amp; permpage = 1
&lt; 3 lehua lum &lt; 3
can you please explain , ms. gillibrand , your use of the term &quot; euthanize &apos; to describe the roundups and gassings ( or slaughter ) of more than 1,000 healthy canada geese in nyc ?
congrats tammy , so proud of you !
al , i am sending you all of schocks receipts .
mr cory booker i was talking about how much i thought you would be a good candidate in 2020. i have one question for you how much money have you received from big pharma ?
i would like to hear more about community based renewable and energy efficiency projects .
you &apos;re still a giant bag of douche al .
of course frank pallone wants the taxpayers to pay for the exorbitant $ $ $ compensation packages of the directors of the aspca and the like .
hillary isn &apos;t a &quot; girl &quot; .
klobuchar , baldwin and franken : it &apos;s wonderful about doma .
let &apos;s do something with these people and treat them like they actually matter rather than regarding them as fodder for the banking industry and corporate greed .
as an oregon parent , i feel we are failing the youth of this state .
a lot of the donald supporters are the silent ones you speak of , and yes they have awakened !
trump is not to be trusted to pick people with good judgement and integrity .
democrats under barack obama -11 seats in senate -60 seats in house -14 governorships -900 state legislative seats worst since 1922 .
those in congress who actually fight for equality and fairness for all .
she was another great lady &amp; women &apos;s rights whe will be missed sleep well !
but donald trump stating facts about illegal immigrants makes him a racist ?
senator , i greatly appreciate your leadership , and consistency regarding these kinds of issues .
rip ted ..
a short walk from park street , down tremont street .
i am please to hear the comic relief of al franken , the best thing to happen to mn .
prove to me that all democrats are not feckless cowards .
that downside is that we may all be history ourselves after hillary &apos;s bloodlust draws us into wwiii
the appointment of steve bannon to any position in trumps administration is completely unacceptable based on his racist and white supremacist positions and we expect you to fight against his appointment with every tool at your disposal .
amy you are one of the best senators in the nation .
thank you kamala for standing with us
i &apos;ve known her for over 20 years and am deeply saddened .
if you really cared about women &apos;s rights then you would order a congressional investigation on the 164th tnang ! ! ! !
i know you have accepted campaign funds from these large corporations .
the nazi rise to power brought an end to the weimar republic , the german parliamentary democracy established after world war i. in 1933 , the regime established the first concentration camps , imprisoning its political opponents , homosexuals , jehovah &apos;s witnesses , and others classified as &quot; dangerous . &quot;
i hate you charles schumer .
i am proud of your candor and strong moral character tammy !
tammy you are a heroine !
find me the article that bannon wrote that says these things .
i call views like trump &apos;s &quot; political terrorism . &quot;
perhaps wyden could team up with win mccormack , betsie johnson , and angus duncan and they can invest their millions into another progressive station in the area .
thank you , lloyd doggett !
nestle can take a hike .
i can &apos;t wait to vote your ass out at the soonest opportunity .
wyden go-back to oz ! ....
not just yea usa ... but yea usa women !
liberal democrats have once again shown the world their true colors as the divisive , hate filled party they truly are .
well you shouldn &apos;t go &amp; as a matter of fact you shouldn &apos;t even be a congresswoman .
a wonderful place with wonderful , caring people .
wow- form letters from syrians on congresswoman esty &apos;s fb page .
the only two democrats who stayed : elijah cummings , d-md .
@ @ @ mr pallone &quot; my new warning : avoid these medical treatments whenever possible &quot; http : / / articles.mercola.com / sites / articles / archive / 2011 / 05 / 09 / unnecessary-procedures-hospitalizations-drugs-drive-up-health-care-costs.aspx
it may be your opinion senator warren but not the majority of the people voting for him , what makes them so wrong and you so right !
happy birthday frank .
# neverbooker 2020
thank you congressman oberstar for your service and humanity .
senator warren is at boston &apos;s airport .
elizabeth warren for vice president
i don &apos;t think john lewis has fought for the civil rights of all people .
i was in new york because i , too , loved someone .
thanks for expanding on your thinking behind your no vote , cory .
hilary is a democrate dint know what trumps platform is in any case .
please don &apos;t poke on the bs about consumer safety concerns over this .
&quot; time for ... congress to remember that it &apos;s their job to work with president obama &quot; it appears that elizabeth warren needs to study up on basic civics and the concept of checks and balances
bernie sanders is a leader come on now this is 2016 not the slave period .
please do not support the so-called &quot; universal background check &quot; bill being pushed by senator chuck schumer , which would make it illegal for a family member to transfer a firearm to another family member without the federal government &apos;s approval .
standing with bernie on anything economic is like standing in quicksand and saying you won &apos;t sink .
please follow the will of your constituents and support sanders for potus .
thanks rick , i don &apos;t know how you keep going , it seems working in government at the level you are would be so discouraging .
the resistance started years ago , i hope the democratic &quot; leaders &quot; step up and join us full force !
corey booker was ass raped by chuck schemer and is now officially his bitch
i took up less tv and electronics to find myself everyday ( this is simplification not meditation ) ... it is amazing for example self organization and self confident thoughts about being healthy took my literal frontal lobe pain to clarity once more without advil .
thank you to state senator jim metzen for his many years of service to the people of his district and to the state of minnesota .
yes trump is a pathetic coward .
thank you kristen for giving us a voice .
three of his doormen confirmed they were instructed by trump himself that they were to deflect blacks seeking applications for leases .
when a parent does not get their return the college student has a hard time getting their student loans .
senator chuck schumer- are you going to the women &apos;s march in dc ?
donald trump scares me for them .
yeah patty
if anyone can do this , it &apos;s you , amy !
why not have an open discussion about the tpp on social media ?
how about some sunshine on tpp !
and your law firm removing residency voter law in nh .
earl blumenauer i think you are overlooking a few things in this matter .
happy new year from california .
so amy step across the isle and get this passed !
i worked for a breast healthcare center in houston , texas , called the rose , which is a phenominal place for all women - those who can afford a mammogram and those who can &apos;t .
liz , your words fall on deaf ears .
there is a pressing demand today for thoughtful , public discourse of service over selfishness and ethical behavior over meandering morality .
thank you amy but can you also do something about the congressmen and women in there that think wolves have no right to live in the wild .
syrian immigrants are decent human beings fleeing terrorists .
was a pleasure volunteering for your campaign .
i wish there were more positive posts like this in my feed , it is getting really hard for me to see so much hatred .
i extend my gratitude to you &amp; senator schumer for you tireless work !
part of being optimistic is keeping one &apos;s head pointed toward the sun , one &apos;s feet moving forward .
berners are well aware that you voted to fast track tpp .
happy easter debbie
so proud you &apos;re our senator .
if we thought the critics of obama were bad , just wait until hillary or bernie is in the office .
he was courageous and honest and straightforward and he served minnesota so well.v
run in the rain kyrsten ... it is great for the complexion .
we need bernie sanders , senator .
the pinheads stopped her nomination to protect americans from predatory capitalism , and now elizabeth warren will become a dominate force in the senate .
thanks ron wyden , we met 30 years ago in hawaii and i am even more impressed with you today and your years of service in congress .
so * proud * that a fellow minnesotan is being endorsed by bernie sanders as dnc chair ! ! !
i do hope you are committed to those things as well ms harris .
thank you for endless effort to fight for what &apos;s right .
your not black your not latino your not lgbt you are white so you might be so afraid others are
happy new year , senator warren to you and your family !
i urge you to postpone hearings for cabinet nominees until a full and thorough review is provided by the office of government ethics
go tim kaine go !
same to you , and congrats on your re-election ... i &apos;m so happy you &apos;re in office !
thank you for the great work you do senator , we really appreciate you .
the one thing i don &apos;t think the mouth breathers trolling this page will get , is that i and people like me will also defend their right to spew whatever racist , hate filled bigotry that comes out of their ill informed minds too .
booker , you screwed your chances of winning the election in 2020. the only way you can win is if you have both the dnc and the rnc committing election fraud in your favor .
trump is a very dangerous thought .
please the government super power pleasee don &apos;t allow the yulin dog festival in 2017 ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
considering this entry of yours and your long stand against cell phone companies monopoly , i am wondering if you would be interested into looking the monopoly of charter in the st. cloud area .
scott brown has voted against equal pay for equal work !
keep your nose clean , cory .
shaheen for retirement 2016
yet ew you refuse to back either of your democratic candidates .
elizabeth is anything but stupid !
now is the time , because it &apos;s bernie or bust ! ! !
and i wasnt talkin about dadt at that moment in time .
this woman is so full of shit that she stinks .
your constituents have chosen bernie sanders
&quot; accountability for wall street &quot; .
i support you senator warren but people are afraid that you supported the wrong candidate .
from 10am to 4 pm it would be nice to have some murray literature available to put out with the other candidates material .
it is my hope that you did not vote against the bill simply because you were supporting the pharmaceutical companies that donated money to your campaign .
or instead of lead the world follow actors making strides in climate change above us such as the eu &apos;s 20 / 20 / 20 by 2020 plan
louise slaughter , i totally agree .
1 ) diversity is fine as long as its not for its own sake .
help us lloyd !
proud of you , sen gillibrand !
they just made history with the first black president , now it hillary &apos;s turn .. the first lady to become president { the &quot; first &quot; being applicable in both contexts
how about getting the state of nh to actually submit people to the nics system if you are interested in keeping guns out of the hands of people that should not have them ?
here &apos;s one pretty popular model of what it takes to make a persuasive argument : toulmin &apos;s argument model http : / / changingminds.org / disciplines / argument / making _ argument / toulmin.htm
i hope this means what i think it means .... storm booker 2020 ! !
stooping to trump &apos;s level is ridiculous and below the standard of decency .
you are going to pay for aligning yourself with oblamer chellie .
i think it &apos;s time , elizabeth warren !
trump , if elected , will perform a beer hall putsch and create a fascist state .
thank you cory booker good way to start the week .
andrew - by your logic , we could blame nickolaus august otto for bank robberies , too .
i &apos;m with bill silka and chellie
keep spinning the truth for political gain , chuck .
demand that al frankin make the entire &quot; study &quot; public information !
senator chuck schumer we appreciate your leadership in this time of crisis in our country .
oh yeah peter , another stupid dem idea .
i &apos;ve made my calls - thank you , earl !
i am so blessed to have grown up in mn and know how great it was .... and hopefully will be !
oh liz
representative hastings - the only way to strengthen the protections of voters is to assure that only those legally permitted to vote have the opportunity to vote .
you sat on the sidelines while bernie sanders , a progressive , was running for nomination .
well , we were wondering how long it would take for you to act like a comic and embarrass the citizens of mn .
people are doing without life-saving medications because of price increases of sometimes as high as 1270 % since 2015 , even on medications that have been on the market for 15 years !
thank you senator klobucher ! !
yes tulsi , your vision is clear .
if you were that concerned about the integrity of our democracy you would have endorsed bernie in the primaries and not attached yourself to hillary like a lamprey .
so how is that not union workers taking a pay cut ?
&#91; 20 &#93; &#91; 21 &#93; by 1994 , beck was suicidal , and imagined shooting himself to the music of his fellow washingtonian , kurt cobain .
hey patty , why can &apos;t the legislators move to back a bill up that the american people can vote on in a federal election ?
i &apos;m sorry , but apologizing for this gigantic failure of the democratic party and responding with more silly liberal respectability politics is exactly what brought him to the presidency in the first place .
senator gillibrand , you rock my world .
sen. warren- i &apos;m sure you have a good reason for not endorsing sen. sanders , but it will never be enough of an excuse for all of us who believed you are / were on the same side of the political fence as bernie .
your insight is priceless and much needed ❤ ️
congratulations i &apos;m so excited for you .
oh chuck , knock it off !
anti-gun hysteria is rampant among the mentally unstable and intellectually challenged .
let the fda decide what is safe for import , you &apos;re just a crooked politician .
thank you senator dick durbin- we will continue to support you in the state of illinois .
without care and medication i will be dead within three days .
insurance for gun owners - gun owners seem to think owning a car is the same as owning a gun : the price of greater mobility is road accidents in the same way that the price of &quot; freedom &quot; is 10,000 homicides a year ( plus roughly 100,000 non fatal shootings ) .
stop making everything about gender , it &apos;s demeaning to women .
i believe you will do a great job for us in d.c. minnesota will miss your years of service provided here .
thank you for your energy and leadership , senator !
in 2007 a registered democrat named seung - hui cho , shot and killed 32 people in virginia tech .
please be so kind as to respond to both issues !
big pharma was against the wyden amendment !
you and your progressive sheep are the reason we are at this point .
remember canadian can work in the us but the u.s. workforce can &apos;t work in canada .
and jeff sessions must recuse himself .
if i were to register to vote for the presidential election , my vote would go to bernie sanders only because he is the lesser of 3 evils &apos; .
the democratic party needs to support clinton .. clearly our only hope
yeah he stood up to sessions but he also took a quarter million dollars from big pharma to vote down bills that could help americans dealing with extreme health care costs .
excellent work senator !
what have you accomplish ed in the past 8 years .
as far as bernie money going towards locals , you have to be a fool to think that &quot; big banks &quot; don &apos;t play both sides of the aisle and bernies money , from little doners need to go just to him ... hillary has more money from those banks to spread around .
senator murray , why aren &apos;t our elected officials requiring trump to meet the standards set by the congressional ethics office ?
a benchmark : would you be proud and happy if your children were so reckless , rude , racist , sexist , publicly inappropriate , and presented themselves as negatively loud and uninformed as mr. trump has ?
i saw jill stein getting blocked from a debate where her platform might pull votes from the chosen one .
thank you nancy .. you are the best !
kirsten is the anti venom for bachmann and paylin
thanks sherrod
in my opinion you &apos;re a fat headed moron , and he did not insult cow patty face lewis in any way !
we are ready for hillary clinton ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
my aunt was kidnapped from north in the 70 &apos;s and human trafficked in chicago and was successfully brought back to minnesota thanks in part to mafia our family had no involvement with .
we count on you , senator .
his ignorance is beyond profound and his decimation of our democracy must be stopped .
i met you ron , when i was a bluebird leader , my daughter was 7 at that time you walked in front of us in the gateway parade , my daughter is now 39 so thats been 32 years ago .... wow
we need to teach out youth and show them as proof that islam in past history was the beacon of light in the world .
because of hormonal issues , i &apos;ve had to be in birth control pills to regulate my cycles and help prevent painful cysts .
with all due respect ms. pingree , the inauguration is not about the individual that is sworn in and takes the oath of office , it is about america and the celebration of the peaceful transition of power .
i believe this would be the best strategy for the progressive movement in the us .
trump ego vs great values .
marking muslims which the nazis did to the jews is as racist as it gets .
thank you tammy for your service .
you are just as much to blame as anyone for the dems losing so badly .
elizabeth , would you run with bernie sanders ?
we need much more representation of like minded people like you amy
please support us your delaware citizens .
senator gillibrand , i am extremely proud to have you as our representative .
a genuine progressive could not support clinton , especially not with a genuine progressive on the ballot who has the best chance of defeating trump .
mrs. warren please endorse bernie sanders .
progressives , as they called themselves , fought civil rights for america &apos;s blacks , forcing the newly liberated ( by republicans ) citizens into long-term poverty .
heald college was an incredible school .
really , franken , i thought that you were a better man than this .
i like how all these men are like &quot; there is plenty of evidence that women are not being discriminated against &quot; and then fail to present any evidence .....
ron , if you are so supportive of what women are concerned about , well it appears that you are the only one here that has a vote ?
thanks for all you do , sherrod brown .
but not feeling that he is likely to respect gay people &apos;s rights , a woman &apos;s right to choose , muslim americans or people of color .
how many of you actually believe that if donald j trump won the popular vote but lost the electoral college vote , that he would &apos;ve accepted the results ? ?
&quot; * spread # dumptrump posts to national media , facebook pages , affinity groups &amp; more : viral media links webpage : https : / / docs.google.com / document / d / 1lq1rhm0zb8mgdudqdbcpqqpbqci3l62fzf6dset1lmu / edit ? usp = docslist _ api important hashtags to add to make your posts more searchable : # nevertrump # dumptrump # stophatedumptrump # wearebetterthanthis # denouncehate # nevertrump # makedonalddrumfagain # antitrump elizabeth warren &apos;s 3 / 14 quote posted urging us to help # dumptrump today !
it was an incredibly powerful speech .
you and your democrat friends causing a larger rift by not attending the inauguration of president trump .
do you condemn mohammed for his violence , perversions , and evil deeds against innocent people ?
we asked you for help with oregon dept of transportation eminent domain abuse .
randel , perhaps you are &quot; muddy &quot; over the question of when life begins , but obviously hobby lobby is not .
i , too , am the daughter of german jews who escaped the nazis , and am appalled by what i see happening in the us .
your 100 % right elizabeth !
thank you so much , joe !
senator chuck schumer , you are just as bad an actor as your second cousin , once removed , amy .
schumer you and all your cronies and followers need to grow up and move on .
# berniesanders # bernie2016
shouldn &apos;t violence against anyone have equal value ?
would you mind liking jahmoussoukro imperial banking ?
you and your bunch are the ones inciting violence and hatred .
thank you , senator , for standing up for real reform !
article 18.68 broadly criminalizes circumventing any and all digital rights management ( drm ) even on a device that you own for a legitimate purpose .
* i am not a teacher ; i &apos;m a senior scientist at ge educated by fair lawn , nj school system and rutgers univ .
basic decency is the key i believe ...
continue fighting for us senator murray !
the people , the majority of people , said no to drumpf and say no to a drumpf justice .
better by far to support those who have actually considered what is at stake such as bernie sanders , our future president : &quot; the test of a great nation is not how many wars it can engage in , it is how it can resolve international conflicts in a peaceful manner .
no armed security for lizzie warren .
booooooooooo hillary is worse than trump , bernie needs to run as a third party candidate .
i wish i could vote for you to be my congresswoman , tammy .
i will be very frightened if donald trump is president .
senator brown please run for president .
really wish ew was on the ticket
while i understand your rationale for originally wanting to be &quot; in the room &quot; when trump is inaugurated , i appreciate you will use this opportunity to join your democratic colleagues in making a respectful political statement not to join in normalizing the occasion .
i met her , krysten and we took picture together .
dear god in heaven , no matter which alignment you lean ... that &quot; stepford wife &quot; drone made me groan ... thank you for doing what you do for all women and especially us &quot; up north ! &quot;
when heterosexuals are openly discriminated against in society and under law for being heterosexual , then you can have your pride month .
when it &apos;s over , then i &apos;ll organize and rebuild .
go get &apos; em senator shaheen !
house negro for big pharma
i love you mr. franken , and i agree with you on the shutdown .
stop taking money from big pharma then turning on the people that voted in good faith to place you in office .
then patty murray tells people that is alright to discriminate against men and our veterans , patty murray seems to forget that there are many women whom she has stated that it is alright to discriminate against .
donald trump is a hatemonger , racist , bigot , terrioist , rebel riser , warmongering demagogue .
we need real progressives fighting for americans in washington and bernie sanders is the only genuine progressive running for president of the united states in 2016. please officially endorse us u.s. senator bernie sanders before the iowa caucus !
^ ^ ^ his top contributors have ties to big pharma according to opensecrets.org.
when i called your office , menendez &apos; , and sires &apos; , the message i got was that all you can do is oppose steve bannon &apos;s influence - that there &apos;s no legal framework to actually obstruct or remove him .
assault weapons should not be available for sale to the public .
now we cry together .
time to quit following the dictator in chief , mr wyden , we need jobs !
amy then voted for the entire bill that still includes the part about military arrests .
hillary won the vote ! !
stand firm senator schumer and president obama .
hillary is far from outstanding !
those were normal people living normal lives but when &quot; the time came &quot; , the resistance stepped forward .
can you please explain why you voted against labeling gmo foods .
i &apos;ve officially seen your &quot; light &quot; and it has every bit to do with the hundreds of thousands of dollars big pharma stuffed in your pocket .
is that true , congresswoman sinema , that you voted to hold this country hostage and because of it i might be homeless next month ? ?
or how about assange implies murdered dnc staffer may have been wikileaks source ?
trump supporters are just like him .
hey dude , you seriously fucked up .
takes one to know one ms. warren .
i &apos;m tired of paying $ 500 + a month for a single medication that allows me to breathe .
besides , all these corporations have parent companies or are subsidiaries .
we can &apos;t afford to lose any more of our young men and women - especially fighting for people who hate us .
mrs. warren , i would vote for you for president if you decide to run !
despite clinton winning the popular vote , donald trump won enough electoral votes to get into the white house .
cory you &apos;re wrong and are race baiting .
you make both of us so proud and are such an awesome woman !
rick , make sure it will not recur again .
but , she &apos;s entitled to her misguided opinion , and to her vote .
you are a disgrace earl .
amy apears you are very well supported .
jacob reich lolz damn eliz
what a great team and great representatives for minnesota .
i love you senator warren , but if you had more courage you would have stood up for sanders .
i &apos;m a bit right of her but still respected her as a great lady , she will be missed .
i find it ironic that democrats are fighting for other people to pay equal wages and give equal benefits to women while their own staff members continue to experience discrimination in this area .
from the brennan center for justice at nyu &apos;s school of law : &quot; voting rights &amp; elections &quot; voting is the heart of democracy .
snowflake schumer .
i will be marching also mark , hope to see you there !
just remember , the solution to medicare not covering drugs was the part d program .
a big part of your fight should be helping to convince our state legislature to join the interstate voting compact .
you are a corporate stooge .
what &apos;s the matter with these right wingers and women , anyway ?
the gmo issue is gaining momentum nationally and internationally , it &apos;s not going away .
dina , please vote against the escalation of violence in syria .
actually we do support trump - so the dems need to get in line .
next will be democrats wanting to &quot; fix &quot; social security .
even if a state legalizes it , the businesses involved in its production within that state cannot open a bank account tied to their business because banks must follow federal rules ( which don &apos;t allow businesses to profit from marijuana ) .
as one of your constituents , thank you for representing me in the senate ms. warren !
thats the way to go tulsi , aloha !
also , where are all of the dead canadiens from those unsafe drugs they take ?
mahalo for your dedication and keeping us represented , you &apos;re doing a exceptional job in informing us .
thanks a lot , elizabeth !
jesse malowitz liz no 😩 😩 😩 😩
to me , seems more likely related to pharma donations which i &apos;ve seen documented ... sadly also for sen murray ... and don &apos;t know about the others .
sad that it comes to thinking that a corporation is a person
pedal on earl blumenauer .
you give me hope tammy !
yes , the civil rights act was enacted , after the democrats fought it tooth and nail !
will the senate and the house of representatives meet with the agent orange commission when they meet this year to update the veterans and agent orange act ?
bannon apparently is closer to being totally in charge of the government now .
this had nothing to do with a diversity issue !
i am proud of my congressman gerry connolly .
read about the bataan death march you fake
# vote # imwithher
thank you for listening , senator gillibrand !
he did so , in ma as well as inside there , and she did , it outside the polls in another primary state .
way to go mr. franken .
if the &apos; freedom-to-freeload &apos; becomes law in michigan it must include provisions for an employer to pay non-dues paying workers less in wages and benefits .
save us , debbie stabenow .
haven &apos;t heard of canadians dying from their prescription use
can we agree that , for many people , any substance or behavior can become destructive and this should be viewed as not a moral failing but a mental health issue deserving support and not stigma ?
keep on keepin on cor booker .
thank you senator brown for sticking up for the people !
this unamerican slime shows the disrespect the dems have for the citizen &apos;s of this country ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
overturn citizens united , stop subsidizing big oil , raise the minimum wage , invest in our infrastrcure-putting people back to work , equal pay for equal jobs , student loan reform , affordable education ..... immigration reform .... lots to do .... but first vote out the obstructionists in 2014 ! !
absolutely , tammy !
think cory booker 2020 !
a warren campaign would have solved the trump problem .
thanks for taking a positive stand to help oregon and our country .
sen gillibrand , then why don &apos;t you support &quot; kates law &quot; that will protect american citizens from illegal alien felon thugs ?
you have always stood up for michigan and been on the right side of the fight .
yes ms harris i &apos;m in it to defend it .
congratulations , senator menendez .
thank you for your tireless work .
if stopping trump means we are left with hillary i &apos;ll take my chances with trump
even hillary has figured that out : https : / / scontent.fsnc1-1.fna.fbcdn.net / v / t1.0-9 / 13428367 _ 832215770244205 _ 3921215675741831118 _ n.jpg ? oh = 7a09484b6656920aa714699c351b3ff5 &amp; oe = 57cc5418
i &apos;m very disappointed you voted against making medication cheaper by importing it from canada .
embarrassed to be from illinois tonight .
marriage is a contract between god and man and woman as a union .. you can marry someone without loving them .
don &apos;t forget there was a certain senator from new york who watched it all happen without a word .
those of you calling for snyder s head , would it matter ?
big pharma claims they need to charge more in the us to help cover millions spent on r &amp; d. you prove that the d ain &apos;t research and development senator booker .
and while you are at it , fight the nomination of white 20 yr old supremacists at the head of the voice of america : 800 millions public finds at the disposal of white supremacists supported by the current administration ? ? ? ? ? ?
so you want your daughter and granddaughters to respect and admire a person with no moral or ethical compass .
we really need a strong green party before this earth is just too far gone .
it was unconsciousable that corporations were freely shipping decent paying jobs overseas during the worst economic and employment crisis since the great depression of the 1930s .
elizabeth warren you know that hillary is a crook like the rest of our politicians are !
i just read anywhere , canadians oppose it also , they want an east west pipeline , because they have to buy imported expensive oil .
senator merkley and senatorial staff : you guys rock !
well said keith miller
i know senator bennet will be voting for the dream act and i am happy to say that my entire family is behind him and supports him on this issue .
this isn &apos;t about democrats vs republicans .
we also have a moral responsibility to address the mentally ill , identify those who are potentially violent , using psychotropic drugs , and preventing their access to weapons .
stop the bernie boner
keep up your work to support survivors and honor victims who have not survived through justice .
thank you , senator joe donnelly .
corey this is bullshit .
its no joke what kirsten is working for , im glad someone is willing to stand up to this .
i &apos;m all about out if many 1 people 1 love .... trump is speaking against people race , religion , and about violence .
kudos to you patty and maria and norm dicks .
why did 36 dem senators and a significant number of repubs think it met the test well enough , then ?
i worked as a school nurse in a minneapolis metro suburban high school .
just as the case with comrade warren ❗ ️
it seems like kamala harris needs to read section 3.5 of the california constitution .
democracy does work and cooler heads prevail .
dear al .
i know it &apos;s unfamiliar to you , colleen , but that &apos;s what a logical argument looks like .
shame on you cory booker .
i appreciate your commitment to the american people and i thank you for being a huge advocate for breast health initiatives in your state and beyond .
! all ofice holders in illinois should be voted out then charged with treason , dick durbin first .... please voters wake up and dump durbin
our fda is totally corrupted by corporate interests like every other regulatory agency in this country .
chuck please wake up , it is not business as usual and while filibustering shows you are there , it is not enough .
include the history of gun control and confiscation vis-a-vis the crime rates in those locales directly affected : look especially at chicago , il ; oakland , ca ; and the district of columbia .
hate is what she preach , what you sow you reap .
guess big pharma wins this one .
my mom just say thank you to the minnesota senator amy klobuchar !
this is undoubtly a victory for civil rights acitvits and those who support same sex marrages .
you are so right sen. wyden !
thank you , and so should your colleagues .
stand with bernie like the rest of us who love you !
the real problem unfortunately is hillary is awful too !
mark e - the &quot; limousine liberals &quot; phrase is right wing coinage , and always sets my teeth on edge when i see it .
you open your letter complaining about trump being divisive , yet all this can do is widen the division !
tammy mi says congradulations
just like san bernadino .
on sunday , you referred to the revelations of the dnc leaks as &quot; embarrassing &quot; and spoke of the need in the dnc to clean house , so i have to think you are aware of how poorly our democracy is functioning at this point .
fun , fireworks , family , friends , al franken
dear amy ,
at a bare minimum , hillary was merely an enabler — one-half step ahead of the law , as she always seems to be .
please get back to me on your feelings about the existing michigan law and its effects on michigan residents .
the electors must do their job
it looks like weepy chuck is playing right into their hands .
management understands this and will create the company job outside wisconsin where public services / schools are exceptional .
seems those denegrading trump have shady records .
there needs to be restrictions on assault weapons , you cannot argue that the creators of the 2nd amendment foresaw the awesome killing potential of these weapons .
this trump insanity is very scary .
cheaper drugs and you say no ?
that bastard trump banned people from 7 muslim countries but left out the countries he has business interests in ... the media and liberals have been screaming this from the treetops .
with legalization comes the ability for research to unlock the potential of cannabis for the benefit of mankind .
my name is cory booker .
fyi , michael miggison will block you if he can &apos;t debate you , but he will still be here spewing his hate .
it &apos;s the substance of dirty dnc campaign tricks exposed that matters .
please oppose jeff sessions .
i &apos;d start with ted kennedy jr. and the 200k the democratic party gave him circumventing ct election finance laws .
again , thank you senator schwyz !
evans le sagittaire arne oh my gosh
go elizabeth .
whether roger ailes , bannon , gingrich , giuliani , and now sessions , trump &apos;s actions speak volumes as to his beliefs and intentions .
you only have to look at the 2 morons who the bill is named after frank and dodd .
trump says he paid all the banks dept off , when they had financial problems , which i know is another one of his lies ,
thank you , cory booker for always being and inspiration and a unifying leader .
i live in co , and my senators are michael bennet and cory gardner .
thank you grace for supporting this act .
don &apos;t get overly excited about this so-called &apos; move forward &apos; because , for governments , it &apos;s still about money , power and legacies .
sad to note yet another senseless act of violence hate against our faith communities , this time a jewish center in kansas ; 3 killed .
to imply that we as canadians don &apos;t have safe prescription drugs is patently ludicrous .
you are a democrat tool tammy .
message from an avid supporter ... representative albio sires , this message is to request your support for house resolution 752 to end the yulin dog meat eating festival and to end the dog and cat meat trade entirely in china .
you have shown that you are a true independent in the model of bernie sanders .
says only a fool like pallone would believe this lie !
precisely why al franken and others in congress should oppose obama &apos;s proposed attack of syria !
as the mother of a son struggling to pay back his college loans , i greatly appreciate your efforts !
seems to me that anyone that has a job such as hers would have made the flint water problem a priority long before this statement , obviously politically motivated fb post .
as always you &apos;re a class act .
you spent the last 8 years sabotaging barack obama every single day .
i have a bolt action ex-soviet mosin-nagant m44 used in ww2 , does it qualify as a weapon of war when there is little functional , cosmetic , and damage potential difference between it and a remington model 70 hunting rifle ?
thank you madam mccollum
you should have endorsed bernie .
this is nothing more than the standard election time &quot; divide - and - conquer &quot; pandering that rep. defazio and his fellow progressive statists roll out every election cycle 😕
canadian drugs are safe
7. eliminate , not dilute , the electoral college .
vote vote reelect senator franken !
kerrie russell harwood an educated society is a better society !
you are a cool gal elizabeth !
thanks , sen. merkley , for putting people before profits !
i hope to see support for bernie , but it seems it is certainly within the right of a super delegate to make her / his choice independent of anyone they were elected to represent in a different capacity .
colleen and you other nutjobs : not everyone is exactly happy with obama and the dem party .
michigan needs to be investing in transit if it ever hopes to retain and acquire young , college-educated professionals and improve quality of life in its cities .
hell dems still havent put forht a budget for the last 2 years ... and when asked , , , they quickly change the subject ... the democratic party is ruining this country
best idea is to still help bernie win .
as for the actual topic of this thread , helping college students afford an education , the position of the republican apologists on here seems to be the same as that of judge smails in caddyshack : &quot; well , the world needs ditch diggers , too ! &quot;
bernie never had any chance of winning and his female supporters undermined this historic moment .
we can discuss your premature support of hillary as a super delegate as well as other items of importance like this https : / / www.facebook.com / bringbackamericanjobs / posts / 1016714688374642
that &apos;s almost a bigger joke than hillary running for president .
thank you for representing the people of michigan who believe in fairness and equality and caring for our neighbors .
the rise in homeless populations .
also many of canadas meds come from usa .
you and senators blumenthal and murphy have my support .
esteemed senator wyden it seemed to me as a man of passion yet of humility , that i apoligize to you and the audience for my out burst .
thank you , ag harris !
thanks keith ellison !
my biggest disappointment in the election process this year will be if she endorses hillary clinton .
thank you thank you thank you from nyc but originally wallingford !
thank you for your excellent work representing minnesotans .
reform the dems or start our own progressive party &lt; 3
thank you for the continued updates - and your vote !
i was a big booker fan .
can &apos;t she simply praise sen. sanders &apos; work against big banks in the senate ?
didn &apos;t you vote against tighter fda guidlines for drugs ?
sen. tester &apos; gets &apos; a lot .
we sane people are with her and 91 % of us are with her and gun safety bill .
sen. tammy duckworth for president 2020 ! !
thank you , senator , for speaking out publically against this .
thank you , and please work as hard as you can to block trump &apos;s egregious policies .
i would give you a pass if you said the drugs were coming from haiti or uganda ....... pathetic excuse !
al franken is a f-ing idiot.oops did i say that ?
if the meds from canada are not safe please sight examples .
proud of both minnesota senators !
elizabeth warren your mesiah obama failed you and the country .
you , hillary and the dnc should of never screwed bernie over .
people are not dining in the streets of canada .
https : / / www.facebook.com / repgutierrez / videos / 10154904558083205 / now john lewis and mark desauliner have also decided to demonstrate their opposition to this president-elect by not attending the inauguration .
hatred and vengance .
i &apos;m so proud and grateful to have you representing me !
during the world war ii 6 millinon jews died and american jews were silent .
time to raise the gas tax , ms. warren .
go break a hip and shut-up nancy !
we need kyrsten in the house to try and get something done .
but now is the time for a progressive movement .
no pharmaceutical company anywhere will risk getting shut down due to not meeting pharmaceutical standards .
is this how we commemorate women &apos;s equality day by suggesting they can be sluts just like men ? http : / / www.cnn.com / 2013 / 08 / 26 / showbiz / music / miley-cyrus-mtv-vmas-gaga / index.html &#91; &#91; share &#93; &#93;
al , i do run a business ... go green properties llc , thank you very much .
miss warren keep up the good job .
senator warren , it is time for you to endorse senator sanders and unite the independent voters with the progressives .
no public support for bernie = no vote ever
does corey gardner feel the same , or will he vote to confirm a guy who thinks grabbing a woman by her pussy without her consent is not sexual assault as our next attorney general ... ?
kaine is the right choice .
you can spin it any way you want , but you betrayed progressive values in voting with the gop on this .
senator schumer , what are you prepared to do about it ?
i want to see roe v. wade overturned but we need to keep reproductive healthcare for low income women .
adding to the rhetoric is embarrassing and not fitting of any public official .
slaughter will slaughter the trump
proud you are standing up for values and democracy .
doris you &apos;re an idiot ... oh you supported that criminal hillary right ... i &apos;m removing you forever .. you &apos;re a great leader and serve your constituents well here in sacramento but as an independent i &apos;m tired of your liberal democratic baloney along with brown , boxer , pilosi and feinstein .
thanks frank
senator chuck schumer , both sets of my grandparents came to this country to escape hitler and stalin , respectively .
and i elizabeth warren lie !
fight hard like you always have , senator !
thank you for attention .
better support bernie sanders then .
thank you , senator please keep working on blocking more of trump &apos;s egregious cabinet picks .
sen schumer stop talking .
we can only hope that our ew congressional rep votes yes ~
&quot; history will have to record that the greatest tragedy of this period of social transition was not the strident clamor of the bad people , but the appalling silence of the good people . &quot;
tsk ... and rest assured if the police disappeared tomorrow the people of # ferguson would survive quite pleasantly .
we &apos;re right behind you nancy all the way
back at you , debbie .
your voters overwhelmingly picked bernie sanders - why can &apos;t you ?
i still find bernie sanders to be the best candidate all around .
pocan for governor 2018 .
anyone who voted against the same rx bill supported by bernie and elizabeth is just wrong !
nh only has two of you to represent us in the house .
i love our democrats from michigan .
thank you amy , please stay in the senate .
happy new year frank keep talking care of us as u always do .
if by gods grace hrc wins this election , we have to work hard to change the house and senate to majority , and get the elections trimmed down on length of time , also asure new voting laws and practices .
is this not a violation of my freedom of speech , which is enumerated within the bill of rights , and to be protected by you , patty murray ?
let &apos;s get the smaller , well-scaled bridge built and establish a precedent for terrible loopholes in the scenic and wild rivers act !
our family is so grateful to you for being there in the fray .
tulsi gabbard for vp
anyway , here &apos;s jon stewart laying it all out , and we all know what a conspiracy kook he is : http : / / vodpod.com / watch / 3842084-the-daily-show-obamas-broken-promises
like chuck chuck the corrupt fuck from steeling our rights , freedoms and property !
hope to be able to meet you when my son and i visit your office in washington for the inauguration .
yes , rick , why the yes vote on 922 ?
whip chuck !
i see elizabeth doing big things .
thank you for representing the people of california .
you &apos;re a class act and you &apos;re not afraid to challenge those wall street sleezebags !
i &apos;ll make a deal with you right now mr booker , , , that if at anytime during his presidency , , , both terms , , , , trump has the leaders of the kkk or any known white supremacist group to the white house , , i will buy you and everyone one that agrees with your propaganda a steak dinner , , ,
you may have a long career ahead of you in politics but you will eventually pay for the unsubstantiated claims of racism by senator sessions .
thank you for your dedication to the 12th district and the country , and for continuing the hard work of circulating in all the communities you represent and then some .
* not a trump supporter * it &apos;s not hard to lose when it &apos;s rigged .
the ad slamming patty for job loss .... she is the only one trying to save / create jobs for thousands with this tanker deal !
^ i don &apos;t think lizzy needs to &quot; look &quot; for votes .
stand firm , beto .
hey cory , we &apos;re not as stupid as you think &#91; partially because many of us aren &apos;t numbed by the pharmaceuticals you seem wary of &#93; so quit trying to deflect us with &quot; safety concerns &quot; , an argument which is demonstrable nonsense .
here &apos;s one for you to chew on ... islam is a fascist cult , not a religion and as such must have it &apos;s status as a religion revoked !
that &apos;s his choice , just as a lot of hillary &apos;s supporters made the choice to stay home on election day .
thank you for using your own experience to be the voice of millions of women .
so are you finally going to endorse senator sanders , or will you be supporting the corrupt status quo ?
if someone wants to buy a fully automatic assault rifle with 30-60 round clips , we should treat it as if they &apos;ll use it for what it was designed for- killing people , as quickly as possible .
as a north natomas resident , i thank you congresswoman matsui for all your efforts .
i agree that our democracy is more important , but trump needs to earn that respect before expecting it .
unions : the only lifeline btwn slave wages and dignity for working class americans but you can &apos;t stand that can you ?
epa , natural resources shut down , tpp disaster , pipeline , ceased abortion for granted , the wall , muslim ban --- in 4 days ......
stop calling us terrorists mrs warren
ms. warren , you are supporting hillary clinton so it &apos;s time for your neck to reverse directons in it &apos;s spin ; it has cut off the blood circulation to your brain !
and a tasteless one at that ... you keep fighting for the people senator warren !
hey faker ........... i will use your tears for my morning coffee lmao
* then there was hillary &apos;s direct complicity in throwing kindling on this fire .
great job amy !
keep up the good work al !
isn &apos;t that racist ?
arresting jews and killing them was the &quot; law &quot; in nazi germany .
i &apos;m a strong supporter of hillary and will continue to be .
it &apos;s a small but significant step and shows that the president has a tiny bit of a progressive soul after all .
ian van den berg think we should build a wall around trump , so we all don &apos;t die 😂
gracias congresswoman lucille roybal-allard ... i , too , do not tolerate sexism , misogyny and disrespect for the disabled .
i remember debbie attending my united transportation meetings in lansing in the late 70 &apos;s .
then do the right thing and join forces with senator sanders .
patty , i need some help .
shame on you patty murray
but i condemn his unabashed bigotry , and his hateful comments about women , muslims , hispanics , and other marginalized groups .
the fda approves drugs not based on science but based on who padded their pockets .
sorry liz , no one is listening to you anymore .
did they give you $ 140k because big pharma loves &quot; progressives &quot; ?
senator ron wyden , i agree that this ban is immoral , but please don &apos;t get distracted to steve bannon &apos;s rise in trump &apos;s presidency .
figures colleen would like that , you two must share the same brain but i &apos;m not sure how that lone cell is sharing the load .
this is the kind of corruption that us new progressives are trying to get out of the democratic party .
well , when it was added here in mn ( 1961 ) i was only 7 yrs old , i didn &apos;t have a say .
kristen watkins
debbie wasserman schultz emails .
lois , i agree with you- senator menendez and i have discussed many issues and let me tell you he cares and his responses are not pre-canned responses either which speaks volumes to me
trump is not shy , and can be arrogant , but he is also a successful businessman with very strong views .
you are one of the good ones , and i &apos;m grateful that you &apos;re in there trying every day .
and best wishes to you and yours , madame speaker !
cory booker i hope your voice will rise and reach those of us feeling so discouraged from sinking into complete hopelessness .
thank you so much , congressman ed perlmutter .
stand for a woman &apos;s right to make her own health decisions .
keep up the good work amy klobuchar ! ! &quot;
if you &apos;re truly concerned about health care for americans , you must have been asleep when you voted against senator sanders &apos; bill to lower prescription drug costs .
hey booker , you got caught now you &apos;re screwed !
please for the love of decency , integrity , honesty , and compassion please please please senator warren endorse bernie sanders because i can &apos;t in good conscious vote for clinton .
as for being a supporter of violence .
as to someones question about hunting with a weapon like that i know many women who use the ar15 family of rifles to hunt .
it &apos;s time for you to run , cory .
elizabeth warren in the senate .
senator warren , you are one woman army !
always time to stop to say hello , beautiful gardens , wonderful holiday light display .
thank you for your leadership and position on this , and many other , critical issues .
and in the dead of night you voted to make sick people pay more for drugs made by your bosses at big pharma .
happy new year to you and your family , elizabeth warren
omg people change the laws now nobody needs these high powered automatic weapons .... with so much violence on television and disempowered people this will continue .
however , when i had the opportunity to meet you in person a few weeks ago it was confirmed to me how fortunate we are to have you representing us .
sweet ~ mahalo for your service ~
then find a way to pay for it congresswoman .
why not allow canadian companies , whom we know to legitimate , enter the us when asian drugs are already here ?
call your creator names , if you like , but it still takes a man and a woman to have children , and such a family is still the strength and future of society .
so elect bernie sanders .
thank you so much for doing your job with care &amp; compassion for the people of the state of minnesota amy you represents the best with this state has to offer .
patty murray is exactly what we need !
i am so grateful that i am on the verge of tears .
despite the forces that are arrayed on the side of maintaining the status quo , something must be done prevent future mall shootings like the one that happened at clackamas town center , including banning assault weapons and comprehensive background checks at minimum .
senator franken thank you for all of your dedicated work on this .
i don &apos;t know about that , sen booker .
thank you senator amy for all you hard work for everybody !
trump is a fake .
amen cory !
joseph - advanced notice means opposition .
lizzy eat your heart out
we love you senator warren , for being a voice for voiceless !
ps - please note , no request for $ - so you know it &apos;s for real .
show them how it &apos;s done , debbie dingell !
especially with steven bannon on the nsc .
as a trans woman i can tell you that many members of my community have turned to sex work just to survive and will be hurt by these developments .
luv you and thank you for all your hard work and persistence
people like you , tammy , will help bring this dream to final fruition .
thanks for trying , claire !
womens rights ?
thank you senator udall for your good service to new mexico &amp; the usa !
we live in a violent society , and that is the issue needing addressed .
senator , i &apos;m counting on you and the other democratic senators to filibuster any future gop legislation that adversely affects the lives of the poor , the elderly , and middle class people .
i think nancy pelosi &apos;s facebook has been hacked ... lol .
elizabeth you are spot on ! !
stay the course , al !
then this should make you livid : the hill # breaking : &quot; donald trump is reportedly considering asking jpmorgan chase ceo jamie dimon to serve as his secretary of treasury . &quot;
don &apos;t talk that way about louise slaughter .
thank you senator gilibrand
i think i can &apos;t wait for do nothing debbie to get kicked out on her ass this november along with obama .
cory booker - thank you for acknowledging the people who called you and explaining your vote .
sorry warren you are super vocal about trump all the time and silent about clinton .
your concern for safety is utter nonsense straight from the republican playbook .
are you on drugs lady ?
koch was a good mayor in better times !
you &apos;ll never hear about the issues mentioned in frontpage from the likes of schumer and his pals .
you are inciting violence and unrest and you know it .
please consider the voices of the american people in your choice of delegate vote .
none of the ge crops currently in the market place have ever been fda approved as safe .
thank you , ( your name )
ted kennedy exemplified democracy in action , illumined courage and walked this earth as an elegant human being .
you are unfit to protest anything as you willingly accept money from big pharmaceutical you sell out bitch
mr. fake news ..... how is that scapergoat statement working for you ? ? ?
pay attention debbie !
here in oregon we know better than this .
january 18 , 2013 7 : 00pm newfound regional high school 150 newfound rd . , bristol , nh
please like this comment if you &apos;re a woman that can prove she makes less than her male counterparts and that it &apos;s because of sexism .
where were your tears for the victims on september 11,2001 ?
thank you amy klobuchar - my support for you anytime !
bring us a # nowpower presidency and vice presidency after you &apos;re done with being our senator .... that &apos;s right - national organization of women - !
as a veteran and a social worker who work in direct mental health care , i thank you !
you go elizabeth , wish you were running .
he won &apos;t , but at least bannon would be gone .
senator schumer , do not allow the republicans to kill medicare.http : / / www.nytimes.com / 2016 / 11 / 18 / opinion / the-medicare-killers.html ? action = click &amp; contentcollection = politics &amp; module = relatedcoverage &amp; region = endofarticle &amp; pgtype = article
thanks al for all u do for our state and ur words of encouragement ... i am scared of what our next 4 yr might have in store for us
or by using the bully pulpit to call out those people that refuse to let our country move forward and away from dark money ! ! !
and amy that is why we vote for you .
you , u.s. senator al franken , are a fine man and senator !
that &apos;s good , law-abiding nra logic for you !
when will senator gillibrand become a cosponsor of the era s.j.
catholic woman adopt 10-12 of those children ?
bigotry won
deliberately threatning hillary clinton .
~ mlk
i think you are great elizabeth .
you will be on the right side of history in boycotting the inauguration of this future traitor to the united states and our founding principles !
debbie will do the right thing for the working people and unions .
i wouldn &apos;t hesitate to use any prescription available in canada .
kassidy buffalo
as you can see , gun control works and this phony idea that background checks and mental health awareness need to be more looked at , and scrutinized , more vigorously .
you best have a chat with the super delegates about supporting the only person who can save you from trump .
we low income and middle class folk need a bailout too !
start talking about emigration reform , the jobs bill , gun control and the vast gap of inequality between the 1 % and the bottom 40 % .
raising the minimum wage is not going to work in the long run !
go get them kyrsten .
a sincere thank you for all your efforts thus far .
and a big thank you to you , congresswoman tsongas for cosponsoring the accelerating the end of breast cancer act to forward breast cancer deadline 2020. national breast cancer coalition appreciates your support .
god bless the wetterling family , especially patty who has worked tirelessly for the past 27 years for children .
happy new year to you , amy !
obama campaign spokesman bill burton rebuked clinton , saying her remark was &quot; unfortunate and has no place in this campaign . &quot;
keep up your great work tammy .
he lives in a state that has the largest amount of pharmaceutical companies , just as a senator from maine gets most of theirs from the fishing industry or a senator from nevada gets $ from the casino industry .
@ e ii , blessing to you and yours for this new year .
cory , i am such a big fan of yours .
any compromise on social security , medicare , mediaid and other social safety net programs must be out of the question .
the haters think they are a majority , but , for every lgbt person there are many , many family and friends that love them .
as a male victim - thank you for today .
happy birthday and thank you not only for your hard work but also the positive role model that you are .
cory booker ... where is this &quot; safety &quot; concern coming from ?
kyrsten , you are very dedicated !
please , please , please do everything you can to keep steve bannon and / or his white nationalist ideas out of the white house ! !
if you or your consorts were smart you would catch on and learn to speak the truth , point out the flaws that exist in the democratic party and discuss the problems with the obsma administration .
will you reintroduce glass steagall or a similar act to impose or reimpose clear limitations on the banking industry ?
we have already splintered at the hands of one woman &apos;s divisiveness and narcissism , but we aren &apos;t uniting just because you fear monger about trump .
c &apos;mon , kamala !
josh spencer
i fear that his appointees to the supreme court will undo decades of social progress .
now is the time to do our work as individuals and as a country and look at why we accept racism , sexism , and corporate greed at the expense of the poor , the disenfranchised and the environment .
you have made an ass out of yourself and proven you aremore interested in creating gridlock than solving our issues here at home .
hope you throw in a mention of the importance of american workers &apos; rights to organize unions .
i do not belong to the nra-they only want to sell guns and could care less about gun safety .
the dnc represents corporate democracy not the people .
i will give you the benefit of the doubt , until bernie wins another , and then i will look up your status .
bankruptcy is all too real an occurrence for far too many .
wish i could vote for you , jon !
quite frankly , i think you &apos;re fighting a losing battle when corporate shills like monsanto &apos;s michael taylor heads up the fda and usda .
amy and al are great ... bachmann is an embarrassment .... hoping jim graves can beat her
tammy duckworth , you are the only good news for me today .
i &apos;m cheering for all of you .
it &apos;s not so much the gun control , it &apos;s keeping the mentally ill cared for and away from guns .
what has elizabeth done about this ? ? ? ?
but no , lets blame cory only , without knowing what he was thinking or what the other 12 senators were thinking .
commented earlier debbie , are u reading this ?
senator warren you are the rock and you are the model by which all politicians should be measured .
senator gillibrand , please reconsider your position regarding the confirmation of betsy devos as education secretary .
y el fbi , permite todo lo a la vista del mundo es exaltación a que intenten contra la vida de hillary !
very well said mr. franken !
in a live interview tonight , alan dershowitz stated that there is no evidence to support the fact that bannon is an anti-semite .
a chant from the women &apos;s march in washington today .
remember the terrible , destructive , disrespectful way republicans treated our president since day 1 ....
f .. k you elizabeth warren !
under democratic leadership !
congratulations , representative-elect duckworth !
that &apos;s right mr. congressman gerry connolly , i hope you got your pocket padded real good out of this deal , because you are basically supporting the financial ruin of our country .
thank you for your noble work and for communicating with us to keep us up to date .
are you women really that scared about running against men ?
@ gary he is not up for reelection until 2018. and supporting equality doesn &apos;t just get you lgbt voters it gets you them , their families and their friends along with the majority of the ever increasing youth vote .
i think elizabeth warren really means &quot; greatest plutocracy &quot; .
i would recommend the oregon food bank or looking into the various backpack buddy programs around the state .
not unbiased nonpartisan investigative committees , but those so afraid of a women &apos;s right to choose and americans right to marry whom they want .
i am proud to have encouraged my friends and family to vote for you : )
congrats senator kaine ! ! ! !
thank you for standing on principle and skipping the inauguration .
single payer and universal college tuition are the logical answern &#91; &#91; photo &#93; &#93;
it &apos;s because of kamala liberal philosophy we have so many prisoners now ... look at her track record in san francisco ... look at her own home town of oakland .... it &apos;s a mess !
a women and her partner should be able to get affordable infertility treatments if they want too ! !
i am not scared of trump - rather , i &apos;m terrified that his supporters exist in such large numbers .
fuk you elizabeth and anyone who thinks trump is bad .
paid off patty 💊 💊 💊 💉 💉 💉 💰 💰 💰 😂 😂 😂
way to go minnesota .
there are really people left behind with the move by the cdc to limit the prescriptions for pain relief .
congress needs to find a way to get bannon out .
your vote against mr. sanders &apos; bill is supremely disappointing , given the amount of money you receive from pharmaceutical companies .
senate franklin , just listening to cnn and they had a piece on about putin said that if trumps becomes president there will be peace and if hillary becomes president there will be war , this is a very scary statement , and it tells me that trump and putin are working together ! ! !
mrs. harris , i appreciate your work in this area .
so put your money where your mouth is and allocate the mn superdelegates according to the vote of the people .
amy is amazing !
a woman can still do what she wants , just not make her employer pay for it .
maxine i need your help
or maybe it &apos;s because they &apos;re female children ?
and reports from the new york times and mother jones revealed that language in the final legislation was nearly identical to language suggested by lobbyists .
shame on those who remain silent .
hillary clinton didn &apos;t realize how much her secret speeches to wall street hurt her .
fyi - i am currently underemployed and i made this statement .
and before anyone says ban assault rifles , that won &apos;t work i as a productive member of society can acquire an illegal weapon out in the streets but choose not to .
senator jim bunning demanded the senate to find $ 10 million worth of cuts to pay for the unemployment benefits extension instead of adding it to the deficit .
tammy , many of us in ok are heartily ashamed of this behavior .
! start an investigation into trump and putin !
chuck , you are just an asshole .
just because somebody doesn &apos;t choose to ride your hobby horse , colleen , doesn &apos;t make him / her a criminal .
keep fighting for equality , jackie .
we are proud of your commitment .
you are a trouble making partisan , useless to the people of nj
you rocked it , professor warren !
stop whinning and help president trump make america great again .
thank mr. booker thank you for standing when everybody else is sitting .
i am literally scared of hillary or trump !
you are our new hope for change , elizabeth !
booker in 2020
the next person that compares an assault rifle to a cooking implement or even a car deserves to be shot 8 times in a row before they open their ignorant mouth .
the racism of trump and his supporters is not just rhetorical ; it is intimately connected to the rise of racial violence .
congratulation from asian community .
this women is spewing vile and hate speech .
400,000 new unemployed are added every 30 days 400,000 new unemployed have been added every 30 days for the past two years .
good luck tonight tammy you make us proud .
hey pallone naysayers - you lost by a 10 point spread - piss off .
thank you for making me proud every , damn day .
i am disappointed that neither you nor senator feinstein stood against the electoral college certification .
* breaking news going viral on web * senator stabenow , your aipac-favored immigration bill favors israel in order to discriminate against americans of arab descent .
hello from a california supporter , we love you senator warren .
another reason to work union jobs , women make the same dollar that a man makes .
we will look for you on tv tomorrow night congresswoman !
thank you for all the people you have helped and all the hours you work at sharing and aring
people are tired of getting run over ( and we are not talking about corporations here ) he is a rude , loose cannon and scares me .
and thank you , elizabeth warren , for making a 91 year old great grandmother believe that we have a person with honor and integrity like you working for us .
sen schumer where were these same fake tears in 2011 .
trump is the result of 50 year &apos;s worth of bad choice by the dnc and rnc - this year &apos;s crop the epitome of their so called decision making why do you think trump is even considered a viable choice to begin with ?
proud of barack and joe .
what on earth did we ever do before the reign of progressivism that began with leahy and sanders and has ended up including welch ?
i have received letters from senator brown addressing my specific issue .
the sanders campaign has been and is the greatest lesson warren could have on just how evil the forces against her really are : in her own party .
rioting and looting in their own neighborhood won &apos;t provide any answers , and the people who do it are criminals .
sanders is still in the fight .
thank you congresswoman mccollum for speaking truth to power !
i &apos;m not sure elizabeth warren has told the truth about anything , but i &apos;m sure she &apos;s telling the truth here
i wish you and your democratic colleagues could be half as successful at not supporting supreme court nominees as your republican counterparts .
i love you , mrs. warren !
in which case , canada &apos;s version of the fda needs to be questioning these pharmaceutical firms as to why they &apos;re shipping them ineffective medicines .
how we can get things past the gop who doesn &apos;t give a damn about jobs and foreclosures and fair taxes and the social safety net and equal rights for everyone regardless of their wealth or lack thereof .
many of these modern-day slaves end up not only as prostitutes and domestic servants , but working in malaysia &apos;s export-oriented electronics and palm oil sectors .
ms. amy , congrats ! ! !
that &apos;s your democratic party smear campaign tactics .
i was not happy with ed oneil casework that he never replies back to my e-mail addresses that he ignores my messages that he engaged with pam washington and her staffs at federal housing in dangerous warning messages !
trump loves his country and his family .
i like her , at least compared to the gop , but bernie is the most progressive candidate and the candidate we need .
the irony in calling us the greatest democracy considering the results of a heavily rigged election and an extremely biased dnc .
what i am happy about is that mike pence won and tim kaine lost .
you &apos;re next , al .
if i may , i take issue with amy &apos;s last sentence of her statement in which she says that they &apos;re &quot; working day in and day out to keep america safe &quot; .
keith ellison has been amazingly strong and outspoken on these issues .
have a great holiday season !
happy birthday social security !
please continue to fight the trump agenda and vote no on all of his cabinet picks .
derrick now tell me how is trump gonna make america great again ?
thank you very much dear carolyn , happy new year with best wishes .
we need nullification on this , the patriot act , the ndaa and obamacare , senator wyden
mr. booker , are we doomed ?
you are a great model for all americans .
i find it contradictory that you &apos;re fighting to repeal citizen &apos;s united , yet you support a proponent and beneficiary of it , hilary clinton .
omg ap my ass
you and menendez are obviously on the take from big pharma , and since nj probably has the most pharmaceutical companies than any other state , it &apos;s pretty blatant obvious !
the &quot; right choice : &quot; is to stand up to bullies like the senior senator from ny and the prior junior senator from ill .
thank you , debbie for all your skillful efforts to make the congress get back to managing our country .
take the lead al .
she has her own fight with dws dnc .
you will never make president in 2020. i can see why hilary passed on you as her running mate .
well said al thank you !
i respect you mr kaine but donald trump will never be my president .
very disappointed in you for your nay vote on this , senator murray .
al franken is almost as bad as bernie sanders
act accordingly al frankin !
way to use the social media , senator !
she should pull her head out of her ass before she prays !
we &apos;re not talking about importing drugs from a third world country .
bravo , senator murray !
to shut down his rallies , because people fear for their safety , is no win at all for our democratic process .
keep fighting the fight mrs. stabenow .
the democratic party is ethically and morally bankrupt .
sen. klobuchar - the rest of us feel helpless and frustrated and we rely on you and your colleagues to end this shutdown .
blah blah blah blah ... do you believe half the shit you spew ed ?
i am so grateful to have you as my representative .
^ supposed christians supporting killing babies and gay marriage smh .
hey chuck , its too bad you weren &apos;t in afghanistan eight years ago getting your ass shot off !
toxic stew of hatred , read your own words !
how dare you feign &quot; concern &quot; about my safety when , while letting me drown , you accept high level of cash contributions from big pharma .
oppose them , fight them , for all of us .
we &apos;re tired of the abercrombie brand of self righteous democratic party politics in hawai &apos;i .
how about a state of emergency for us working poor folks in mn !
we as a country are incredibly fortunate to have you as a senator !
elizabeth , as long as you mock and taunt us workers with contempt calling us racists and xenophobes when they dare to question the immigration policies of the billionaire wing of the democratic party , the disenfranchised us workers will not be &quot; one &quot; with you .
have a suggestion on a unique and better minimum wage bill that might get bipartisan support .. please contact me .. i left a message with your campaign this am .. dr. scott noren , ithaca , ny
how about some action on gun violence ?
time to find a solution that doesn &apos;t bankrupt our seniors who weren &apos;t fortunate enough to be able to save hundreds of thousands of dollars toward retirement .
your party is caving to the thousands of idiot protesters but there are more of us that quietly go vote .
appearing in court in 1990 , trump blamed the violations on the contractor and denied knowing that the polish workers were undocumented .
there are already laws in place to assure safe drugs are imported .
the kkk was started by te democratic party .
the issue we need to face is the american propensity toward violence , whether it &apos;s a gun , knife or bare hands , we as a country go to violence first .
fight like hell senator !
president trump has not banned anyone ... he listened to the intelligence communities who have stated there is a real threat of terrorists coming in with the flow of refugees and slowed the process down .. to make sure they are properly vetted .
elizabeth warren : what have you done for this country ?
so beautifully said !
you agree + are in alignment with bernie wayyyyyy more than hrc !
please don &apos;t allow rigged primaries and dnc to be synonymous .
oh elizabeth , if you had only run for president we would not be facing such a problem .
yup , i see lots of canadians dying from contaminated drugs .
senator wyden , i hope to make it to your town hall in gold beach .
what are the mental health service options for those on medicare ( disabled and elderly ) when cmh is forced to discharge them ?
i believe ted nugent should move to nys and challenge you or senator chuck you schumer .
tulsi gabbard thank you fighting for all of us ! !
you &apos;re not just fighting for minnesotans ... you &apos;re fighting for all of us .
wow never expected louise slaughter to quote the cato institute .
would you consider a presidential run in 2020 ?
she walked out on the families ............. http : / / www.redflagnews.com / headlines / democrats-walk-out-during-testimony-from-families-of-benghazi-victims
hatred and bigotry will only set this country back hundreds of years .
for those of you who are using the &apos; freedom of speech &apos; card to be vocal about your racist and bigoted views - shame on you !
you did nothing as a congresswoman and you will do nothing as a senator .
i believe it is very important that you use your vote as a super delegate to support bernie sanders .
trump will crush the criminal you assholes are voting for in november ! !
same to you senator stabenow .
hey chuck have you had a chance to watch the video in 2015 when you were telling the media we need to ban the refugees ?
mahalo sen .
we expect our candidates to do what is right for the people , not what is right for big pharma .
let &apos;s be serious about new gun legislation .
thanks for being an amazing role model for our young women .
very happy and proud for you !
thank you , congresswoman betty mccollum .
elizabeth for president in 2016 !
it &apos;s not as if drugs coming from canada are unsafe .
where were your tears for the christian refugees who after 6 months were sent back to the middle east ?
we elected our officials to work , not protect party politics ... get er done rick ! !
you are a voice of sanity - and representing millions of people who don &apos;t have access to the house floor .
you , sen. warren , are what makes me continue to have faith in our elected officials .
our family is proud of your leadership continuing the legacy of your dad , my uncle ed roybal , by being a powerful voice advocating for those who cannot speak for themselves .
thank you for your hard work patti .
that is why washington , ms warren included , is scared of him .
have you always been this angry toward those who senator brown has devoted his life to helping ?
just like when oregonians voted to not label gmos ?
trump won the case .
please .... if you have to leisurely eat ..... make sure you &apos;re purchasing products from organic sources or from vendors who sell &apos; home-made goods &apos; .
senator klobuchar i agree with you most of the time but on this bill to make it a crime to upload youtube videos which is reported you sponsored i disagree with .
trump is right in doing this .
use the time to organize and strategize !
kirsten gillibrand i oppose trump &apos;s executive actions and the gop &apos;s agenda.i am against neil gorsuch appointment for the supreme court .
racism begets racism !
maybe debbie is not familiar with the unemployment numbers in michigan .
while true , hillary has her own mega list of nasty traits .
i would prefer bernie , but would settle for clinton over trump any day .
tell me , how are those gun laws working out for chicago ?
i expect to see the same from the oregon representatives as we see from elizabeth warren .
i lost all respect after you supported hillary though minnesota overwhelming voted for sanders .
thank you kind spirit !
66 % of u.s. corporations and 72 % of all foreign corporations paid no federal income taxes between 1998 and 2005 those untaxed corporations made $ trillion in revenues.- and look how many job were sent overseas
i am proud to be able to call you my senator ! ! !
warren 2024
why do you keep pushing hillary when the majority of your constituents favor bernie ?
my question to you is this ; if bernie sanders wins the popular vote in ohio primaries , do you still feel you would vote for ms. clinton and disregard what your voting constituents are telling the nation ?
please don &apos;t root for cheaters whats the difference between the pats and the wall street cheaters
thank you kamala harris for standing up for right .
hillary has such a difficult road ahead .
deepest condolences to your family , friends and co-workers ...
marriage is still biblically defined as between a man and a woman .
i &apos;m so proud to call you my senator .
♥ ♥ ♥ http : / / www.yesmagazine.org / peace-justice / syria-six-alternatives-to-military-strikes
thank you , senator murray .... we will persist !
enjoy the movie senator and thanks for all that you do ! !
today &apos;s scotus ruling while a big one is just a step to true marriage equality .
not sure how trump &apos;s cabinet will be with military industrial complex sales for private foundation gain ?
yet we force small businesses that are not union to pay union wages and benefits .
republicans call equal pay for women &quot; preferential treatment &quot; ( mitch mcconnell ) , while democrats passed the lily ledbetter equal pay act over the objections of most republicans in congress .
we are so grateful too that we will now continue moving forward as americans .
you are scum for helping hillary steal this election .
your a dumbass chuck , just retire .
since : gay &quot; marriage has been legalized in minnesota , should the people who want to marry animals have their way as well ?
assault weapons have no place in a civil society .
i &apos;m sorry , it &apos;s hard to hear you over all that big pharma money in your pocket ?
chicago , washington dc , and new york have the toughest gun control laws and were does most of the violent crime occur ?
screw off kaine !
help for college student and their loan paybacks .
she is appalling and rather comical .
this one was an islamist terror attack - say it al
coming to the inauguration if you got any extra tickets please let me know : ) looking forward to seeing you i hope
the republicans don &apos;t care about the average joe , all they care about is their rich friends and that &apos;s the only ones they &apos;re interested in helping ! ! !
i had tears in my eyes , amy , as i listened to the president this morning and you are &quot; right on &quot; about what he said about not being cynical , but remaining hopeful !
senator sessions has given his life to public service .
are you ms warren ?
we all are so grateful that senator franken took up the wellstone lead and it is an honor for all minnesotans .
you can kiss my ass joseph umberto moschini
we need to make sure that these corporations are not engaging in wonton and purposeful endangerment of citizens of other nations !
please take a look at some of the suggestions here : http : / / arstechnica.com / tech-policy / news / 2012 / 01 / post-sopa-the-path-forward-for-addressing-piracy.ars on how to move forward with sensible legislation and post an update here if / when you change your position on sopa type legislations .
so , yes , kristen gillibrand , i yeah support your policy .
bernie for sure will win over trump , her tactics only works in democrats , won &apos;t work against republican , and she has big chance would lose .
senator ron wyden wrote : while we may disagree on this issue , i hope and trust there are many other issues upon which we do agree .
norm coleman does not have al franken &apos;s money .
what kind of democrat are you ?
yet , they &apos;re still here , spewing their hate .
chinese new year isn &apos;t until feb 19th this year , but happy new year for westerners , too !
ariel jordan kulekofsky sanders + warren = gold
burning down gas stations , looting stores and shooting real bullets at people is acceptable and peaceful .
right ew , and you have been quiet about bernie &apos;s campaign for too long .
i support all of these areas and am grateful for your work to improve this country .
senator klobuchar , thanks for all that you do !
not only that , if said non-member does not feel that they were represented to the best of the union &apos;s ability , both the union local and the union rep can be sued by this person who refuses to be a member .
senator booker good luck .
sorry al , love everything else you do , but go dutchmen !
you have more than california behind you senator harris !
what happened in the democratic caucus ?
pete walsh be hating , trolling , in his parents basement approaching 30
you created &quot; us &quot; when you attacked our right to bear arms .
we all know she endorses bernie .
senator warren , we all know that senator sanders has the best chance of stopping mr. trump .
what a great team we will have in the senate with debbie and gary !
i stand behind you 100 % debbie !
i am disappointed in you and senator levin supporting monsanto in keeping us from knowing if we have gmo &apos;s in our foods !
&quot; all of the corporate media is &#91; sic &#93; tainted &quot; is not a declaration that acknowledges gradations , and thus is an example of black and white thinking .
so , where was the fda and their tens of thousands of regulations to &quot; protect &quot; the public .
this electoral college needs to go now !
democrats need to start talking about policy , or more losing is in the future
we all know how lbj really felt about it , unfortunately .
vote for hillary clinton means vote for living in peace and stabling safe security !
now , i &apos;m proud to have voted for you .
the fact that trump is as popular as he is is proof that people can be easily duped when they are desperate .
oh grow up and put your big girl panties on warren .
i am a certified application counselor for lifecare family health &amp; dental center .
god bless you tammy !
part of the big lie from the right wing noise machine .
make sure the dnc don &apos;t fudge it up again .
they voted trump because of all the baggage hillary carries .
oh , lets not mention the western wall and the beit hamikdash .
it &apos;s sad to see the kind of bile that comes out on inauguration day , but i remember how awful i felt when bush was inaugurated .
lie much liz ?
but to do so , they needed the support of at least one u.s. senator — which his office said didn &apos;t happen .
i hope , and pray , to be able to vote for you for the office of president of the united states in 2020 .
i would love to attend - please let me know estimated time-line - as we have nutcracker auditions in the afternoon from 1 : 00 pm .
you saved my dad &apos;s life ... i am in total awe of you , senator gillibrand !
ok , cory booker , why did you vote against bernie sanders amendment to help lower pharmaceutical prices ? ? ?
my deepest sympathies to you &amp; your family , may pop rest in sweet peace .
we are very lucky to have you .
yes there are a lot of liberals in oregon they want to make sure everyone gets something just because of race , gender problems or because they think they are special .
mr. booker i champion your presidency to anyone who would lend an ear .
if the water needs of california were as high as legalized marijuana and same sex marriages , we might find a way to provide water for everyone in the state .
@ gary , your comment about that uppity negro is distasteful and uncalled for .
thank you i signed a petition it &apos;s going to take many voices to stop this .
way to fight to preserve some representation for the average joe while the bought and paid for slaves reveal , once again their jaded loyalties .
good luck amy our vets deserve better , great cause ! !
please take opportunity to obstruct and vote against these foes of our democracy .
it &apos;s not a democracy .
trump and clinton are the best we can do ?
.. more people need to come forward with their story ...... amy thank you for trying .
well-you forgot to mention haiti and hillary clinton and honduras and hillary clinton-fracking and hillary clinton-gmos and hillary clinton-the tpp and hillary clinton-and the list goes on and on .
way to go frank .
dnc chair , i hope .
we expect you to be on the right side of humanity and history .
load of crap ... big pharma money more like it !
with the minimum cost of a family health plan under obamacare being 20,000 dollars i don &apos;t understand how you and senator franken could have voted for it .
fuck you you entitled bitch and fuck obama , hillary , and the rest of you cry baby democrats
i have seen elizabeth warren write , i highly doubt this is her real account .
well now ... let &apos;s not forget that frank pallone is tight with barry soetoro ( aka b.h.
yes come through for 2020 cory booker for president ! !
watch video from 2015 where schumer is talking about the need to tighten restrictions on visa waiver program improvement and terrorist travel prevention act .
you lost my vote for 2020 .
how much money , and what promises did the dnc and hrc campaign give you to stick with her campaign regardless of the majority vote in your state ?
white people believe black people only want to use the single incidents to get over on them , black people seem to only care about the single incidents and not the hundreds of black on black murders .
thank you , congressman blumenauer for supporting the health care of oregonians and all americans .
if we start now , it &apos;s still possible to make the case that hillary , with the largest popular vote ever , is the logical choice to be the next president .
democrats won the popular vote and need to act like it .
we still get over the counter drugs from canada , but no one minds that .
democrats who let infrastructure crumble ?
i have always heard that if a veteran has a problem , they call senator murray and things it fixed .
but you and senator cantwell voted no .
ui benefits are spent right away and ricochet through the economy , unlike inheritance tax waivers and capitol gains tax benefits , which are not spent quickly and disproportionately benefit the 1 % of the us population who warren buffett says should be taxed more .
that &apos;s good , because if you keep representing oregonians so weakly , you &apos;ll have a place to go .
i respect senator mccaskill !
the future now is with our leaders who have for more than eight years caused us to abandon all hope for justice and equality .
happy new year u.s. senator elizabeth warren
i love al the liberals needed a snl comedy guy for a strokesman
obviously taking huge donations from wall street ...
ms. stabenow , i need you to help me understand why you signed the ndaa .
bernie sanders has said many times that it is a rigged political election system .
economy in the form of more jobs for the regular don joe people here in this country , and less for the corporation people in foreign countries .
happy thanksgiving to you and your family as well , senator !
those people calling trump supports mental and whatnot how mad are you that he actually might win this whole thing ?
just make sure you vote blue for the house and senate .
in some michigan counties the variation between men and women is amazing .
first time in our history , us demoted from full democracy to flawed democracy .
first of all , just so everyone knows , the leader of the kkk endorsed your gal hillary and rightly so as the kkk was started by the democrat party .
since the price of bottled water is higher than gasoline there is money from &apos; big water &apos; lobbyists in government .
i hope that $ 267,338 from your pharma lobbyists was worth betraying millions of americans .
# berniesanders # feelthebern # warren2020
trump knew for weeks that flynn had lied to officials about disclosing secrets to the russian government while a private citizen , and was still allowed to attend top secret security briefings .
congressman pallone , we need help , , , , , stop these banks from trying to foreclose on us sandy victims , , , my husband a retired navy veteran and hard worker , our home is almost done , but bank is still trying to foreclose on us , , , , please help ! ! !
because one secret of governance is that fear and hate are the most powerful leadership tools available .
hey chucky , just remember getting shit on works both ways , karma can be a major bitch sometimes .
good for you , debbie .
so , so proud to have you represent our state !
hey warren , i think the clintons hacked your account and switch hillary &apos;s name with trumps .
mr. larsen , if you are not willing to represent the peoples &apos; will ie votes then would you please get out of politics .... tell us , who you are beholden to ? ?
this is the maxine waters i remember , take the fight to the source , let &apos;s see that bipolar , mentally unstable nut job hold his own
civil and human rights are not up to the popular vote .
i &apos;m with you , amy !
brian kottler , every aspect of our existence is not tied to destroying this beautiful planet .
hey aaron ... you mentally challenged neo-cons don &apos;t have the brains to add to any intelligent conversation so go lap up some more of limbaugh &apos;s seminal hate fluid and shoot yourself in the foot .
she and the few other democrats who voted the same way she did have their priorities straight as american citizens and elected officals .
amy , you &apos;re the greatest .
( sen. murray , congressional record , s.6400 , 6 / 10 / 09 )
enough with your liberal jib jab warren .
schumer for being the bigger man in spite of your colleagues and friend .
elizabeth , you &apos;re too good to sleaze into taking advantage of other issues .
you had my vote the last time amy , but i am watching and i will not vote for any politician that supports a resolution to attack another country , unless that country is directly attacking americans .
i think it &apos;s hilarious that you democrats just can &apos;t accept the fact that donald trump will be our 45th president .
not worth the vote , jackie .
did you really think we would believe you blocked importation of inexpensive drugs for our own health ?
yup , she was the longest serving representative until barbara mikulski in 2012. she is also responsible for the bill that created the women &apos;s army auxiliary corps , and the women &apos;s army corps .
kyrsten sinema coming at this topic from a very conservative point of view i have a question .
and then , as a bernie supporter , that you would be his running mate .
the same to you and yours rick .
thank you patty murray for all your hard work !
you &apos;re a class act , debbie .
and bernie is the only candidate that sees that as a problem .
did betty read the opinion .
have a lot of respect for warren ( had hoped she &apos;d run and am hoping she &apos;ll be our first female president ) but this is a shill like arrack full of false claims and hyperbole and is , frankly , beneath her .
some way college must be made less expensive do the middle class and poor have an opportunity to go to college .
rep. ellison , i have moved away from minnesota , but i will continue to support your campaigns for re-election because you are the greatest !
say hi to stuart smalley for me !
our votes are not going to go to your lying fucking bitch .
if there is mental illness involved you do not get a gun and if someone is so severly sick as the individual yesterday there should not have been guns in the house .
happy easter to you &amp; yours amy .
i &apos;m so proud to have had the privilege of voting for you as my congresswoman ........ thanks for standing up for a womans right to choose .......... you &apos;ve made us all proud .
at least there will be huge science breakthrough if trump reaches the white house .
it was bernie who killed it
in this thread : people who don &apos;t understand spoiler effect and are unaware of nader 2000. why is it not possible to be pissed at dnc * and * not want trump president at the same time ?
i proudly cast my vote , for you today , jon .
cory booker you are no hero and no inspiration .
further restricting gun ownership by law abiding citizens is not a smart move .
and for your work on gun control too .
every single descriptive in the &quot; misogynist , racist , etc &quot; pointed towards trump also points toward clinton .
• explain why you voted against the sanders amendment • issue a public statement that you will not support any rider , amendment , or legislation of any kind that would preempt their state &apos;s right to enact a gmo labeling law .
when the unions go there is nothing between our democracy and the corporate takeover of state and federal government .
happy easter , you are making national news and committees in ny legal circles of the dem party are also hearing about you , rick !
this winter is a disaster for minnesota and surrounding states !
mr. booker , the high priced prescription drugs provided by big pharma are , by and large , processed in india and in the same places as those being sold in canada and other places at a more reasonable cost .
happy new year to you 2 madam
i think you will find the voters in minnesota will be voting against you .
oh my god tulsi , you &apos;re so awesome i can &apos;t even stand it .
typical left wing loon
good job amy !
as a daughter of two immigrants i resent mr. trump very much .
i &apos;m voting for rick crimes and darryl dixon .
it is very big of democrats to offer trump the respect and good will that president obama never hand .. never not for one second , one day .
debbie debbie debbie .
the democratic party in ct needs to be overthrown by common sense conservatives .
it is &quot; sativex &quot; , &amp; contains the full spectrum of cannabinoids , not just thc like dronabinol does , so it is much more effective , &amp; its safety is unquestionable .
apparently , we never learned from the holocaust of the jewish people --- instead , we transferred it to the millions of innocent , unborn babies who have been murdered ... , yes , murdered , frank , because some a-holes told women it was their choice and their right to have their babies killed .
like your ass head
be safe amy .
elizabeth , please hold still while i come on your face .
amy , you are doing a wonderful job for our state , but i am deeply disappointed with you right now regarding this issue .
those very dangerous drugs from canada indeed !
i &apos;m with bernie for now and i hope his resonance with we progressives and the sheer numbers of us , makes hillary move way further left if she gets the nomination and presidency
drugs prices must be negotiable ; this provision is insane .
good job , al and all who stepped up to the plate for equality !
good luck senator kaine !
as you will be inserting your arm to the elbow into several naked lgbt and glaad members rectums .
yes .... stand up for marriage equality .
mn is my home state too ... congratulations !
man up cory .
sanders and clinton both signed the un small arms treaty which contradicts the 2nd amendment .
so , canadian drug manufacturers have no safeguards for prescription drugs ?
stop taking money from big pharma -- they own you .
i think in terms of district 8 , we need to ask the question &quot; are you better off today than you were a year ago when joe walsh took office as congressman ? &quot;
i hope you will oppose all of his cabinet picks .
r.i.p , to the progressive in the room .
sopa and pipa would effectively censor all social media and would destroy the internet as we know it .
each year the price of tuition goes up and so on and so forth ... sub college for medical care and you get the answer as to why hc costs are through the roof .
wherever there &apos;s a way for unscrupulous people to scam that shall be done .
great that senator feinstein wants to reinstate the assault weapons ban .
thank you so much amy klobuchar , thank you for fighting for families who need this medication .
thank you senator kirsten gillibrand , for being the only democratic senator to vote against all of the administration &apos;s nominees !
every republican had to protest just to make the lying corrupt democrats release the figures .
amy is always good for a laugh .
i think we will go down the tube if drumpf is elected president .
chellie , i thank you for representing us , we need you now more than ever to spread love and positive change in our state and country .
hope your acts haunt you !
also , i predicted the exact electoral count and all the states for re-election of obama , so forget the polls , it is common sense demographics .
a great comedian is gone .
please keep fighting the fight , and take those big banks down , to big needs to go .
t hank you kirsten , it was past time .......... now the era please because that is wayyyyyyyyyyyyyy pat due ! ! !
you cannot vote or protest your way out of a fascist oligarchy .
http : / / howtostartarevolutionfilm.com / thanks elizabeth warren , sen. bernie sanders and my california senators for voting against keystone xl .
more that unity and peace , we need to ban assault weapons .
how is nightly looting and molotov cocktails peaceful protests ?
i hope you find peace , while i live in constant fear for my life for the next 4 years .
they &apos;re elected to govern just like you , al .
hey liz warren , your stupid president quit doing job .
please continue to speak up for real american values and fight like hell for us .
patty partisans , don &apos;t stoop to conquer .
i &apos;m glad that you continue to turn to god for help and the protection of our country , so , can i have your ticket to the inauguration ?
i &apos;m so happy to hear your on the roster to speak at the convention next week go patty !
your an idiot and a whine ass cry baby loser-like all demorats including cuomo spending $ 30,000,000 a day of our hard earned tax dollars on his special interest groups and donors .
if you look at thier records clinton and kaine aren &apos;t very liberal or progressive .
yes to canadian drugs .
i don &apos;t understand why you aren &apos;t down with bernie , al .
thank you for the work you do for us in minnesota and for all americans .
vote for brian !
the only thing you dems are worried about is the potential loss of your &quot; cash cow &quot; .
i was a delegate and we all need to get together .
this is why the electoral college is necessary .
i think that as time goes by people know more and more about both democratic candidate &apos;s record .
the jewish community and all decent americans condemn her violation of the very basics of democracy she swore to adhere .
bernie sanders has already said he &apos;ll support her if she wins the nomination .
please vote to oppose each of trump &apos;s cabinet picks .
happy holly holidays !
since you are pals could you mention how you do not support the tpp and expect him to also publicly not support this anti labor trade agreement ( corporate sellout trade bill ) .
let &apos;s celebrate the first death camp in nazi germany too .
rights , love and compassion for all kentuckians .
i sure hope you seriously considering running for the top job in 2020. you are who this country needs !
everyone needs to research the bilderberg group and their new world order .. trump and sanders are the only 2 that are not associated with them .. after you really learn what they are doing you &apos;ll never again vote any of their puppets into office .
i &apos;m amused when the teabagistanis protest that democrats won &apos;t &quot; compromise &quot; on the affordable care act .
who is holding the democratic party accountable ?
please start by eliminating the electoral college .
do you really want the schoolyard bully to be in charge of careful , world class diplomacy ?
thank you for this message but please make a stronger more public denouncement of this bigoted racist .
i urge you to pledge your super delegates to him .
help protect low-income , first generation college students , students with disabilities , veterans , and unemployed adults .
the tpp is the 1300 billionaires , attempted illegal treasonous legislation to remove all air and water pollution laws for zionist manufacturing theft .
you were the highlight of the dnc for me , and yours is going to be one of my favorite wins tonight .
point the finger directly at public union employees .
i &apos;m a progressive but it &apos;s getting outta hand and crazy .
elizabeth warren please don &apos;t forget about ted cruz
senator brown , please support the standing rock sioux tribe and ask the army corp of engineers and president obama to deny the easement for the dapl pipeline to drill under the missouri river .
how cute ... a liberal politician calling trump names ... typical
elizabeth warren won &apos;t support anyone until after the primary .... weak ...
thank you nancy so much ! !
i wrote the new natural gas safety act bill in 2010 that became massachusetts state law this past july .
please avoid animal testing !
thank you senator klobuchar for your ongoing strong leadership .
to elect you senator warren as the first woman president in the next presidential election .
hollywood celebrities ( entertainers ) : voicing there opinion , marching , protesting spreading more hate all the while they are claiming to be against it .
northern california also has one of the largest ( underrepresented due to inaccurated census count ) pacific islander communities , specifically the bay area - thank you congresswoman jackie speier for representing us well !
this is the liz warren nation .
you &apos;re the greatest amy !
thanks senator brian schatz
kind of a hateful rant yourself .
democrats are terrified that trump is going to succeed .
your arguments ring hollow considering the amount of money you took from big pharma .
and people who have chronic ( documented ) issues and have pain med contracts are told to leave the er instead of following the dr.s directive that is on file .
return the pharmacy money you have accepted and do the right thing .
how come this thread lost the individual reply button after tammy case ?
they don &apos;t have the votes you dumb ass
california like maryland has some of the strongest gun laws in the county !
you should be ashamed of you &apos;re self for supporting this kind of trash senator chuck schumer .
mental health now covered under aca , but not for everyone several states are trying new experiments to ensure complete coverage , while others opt out altogether .
the bombing will only worsen the problem , and increase hatred .
even bernie is .
@ christopher fautsch if your rates or the rates of your elderly friends are going up , i highly encourage you to look into the minnesota health care exchange called minnsure on tuesday oct 1. betcha you can find a better deal there on for coverage .
cc patty murray
i &apos;m a social worker and know well how people end up unemployed for so many reasons , few relating to drug use - i appreciate your respect for the evidence that speaks against this policy .
thank god we have you and bernie watching out for us !
you piece of shit
and we could introduce some legislation to ban assault weapons and stop introducing anti lgbtq legislation .
how do you respond to such inane comments as trump continues to spout ?
also remind them that neo nazi benjamin netanyahu will not be attending the funeral citing &quot; costs . &quot;
author unknown : : : i am not a &quot; disgrace to women &quot; because i don &apos;t support the women &apos;s march .
didn &apos;t you learn anything elizabeth .
sorry sen. kamala boxer .
that &apos;s our focus , the challenge and call for our democratic family !
nancy , speaking of trolls , what bridge do you live under ?
thank you , mr yarmuth , for listening to the voices of your constituents .
ty tammy
it &apos;s a proven institution of bigotry and hate .
hope you will be boycotting the inauguration ceremonies .
canada has the hisghest standard of living on this continent buddy , it &apos;s the most educated country in the world and we &apos;d be lucky to get their drugs ( they are the same as ours ) for their drug prices .
ellison for chair of the dnc , already called pete visclosky , my congressman to urge him to support you .
( and many other progressives .. on huffpo ) .
but , most americans are not entitled to even know about these attacks against innocent white women .
you are absolutely right peter , don &apos;t give up .
amy has my vote ! !
thank you , louise , for your never-failing energy to see that all are protected !
keep up the good effort amy .
is it legally possible to stop the inauguration process and keep president obama in the white house until we get this sorted out ?
happy birthday potus !
to you and yours as well , senator .
happy new year cheri !
i am grateful for your service to our state !
the price of drugs makes them unaffordable for so many ... and you sided with the pharmaceuticals .
blow it off-get off it and focus on oregon jobs and less dope .... dufus ... nicola grace # fns fox news # ericbolling # bretbaier nicola grace the oregon way is to keep our youth doped from the 70 &apos;s to today .
the other thing is , the protesters were acting unlawfully by blocking the freeway , they should be arrested for that and for not fulfilling their promise of a peaceful protest .
tears of pain and tears of comfort .
corey booker , we will be calling you mr. president one day .
senator durbin where are you !
not that i &apos;m a trump fan or anything , but your refusal to agree to anyone he has proposed for cabinet positions just wreaks of partisanship and immaturity .
i see how the electoral college works but i do not know why we have it in place .
yet you used your superdelegate for hilary .. same old political machine
they &apos;re pandering to women , that &apos;s all .
if hillary would come out in stronger support of cannabis legalization , then i would vote for her .
i agree with your statements but your vote for the pharmaceutical companies was wrong and not what you say you stand for .
pence sounds mentally ill. who goes after women and lgbt lie that ?
you did great too amy
i know that every day brings a dozen or more outrages from the trump wh , but we expect and need you to fight for the people in the face of trump &apos;s many many attacks .
keep fighting for working class families , senator !
senator cory booker , will you block bannon &apos;s confirmation in the senate ?
ironworkers local 118 sacramento backs you .
2646 , rep murphy ( republican of pa ) is held up in committees because of attempts to poison in with such , or to strip aot which can help keep the seriously mentally ill from becoming violent by bringing them to treatment .
fluke was a fake fluke ... pawn of the left ... and , consider this ... all that fat bitch complained about was that she couldn &apos;t afford condoms because she was such a slut .
labor day , union yes !
gender &gt; ethics
dear ms . &quot; queen of airline safety &quot; -- ms. gillibrand , since you are so &quot; concerned &quot; with air safety , why is it you proposed nothing on the laughing gulls at jamaica bay ?
thank you for being one of the few democrats to stand up against the ridiculous trump cabinet nominees .
thank you for your military service senator elect tammy duckworth .
it is my sincerest hope that you will be our next president senator warren !
my friend the super delegate and drug company sell out .
there &apos;s a place for policy disagreement and discussion , there is no place for racism and demagoguery .
we have heard enough from you elizabeth - your job will probably be toast as well if you keep going after the next president of the united states - i thought you were for the people but obviously you do not understand what the people want !
from a former boston resident .... many thanks for your dedication and service !
ashkenazi fake jews , masonic luciferian , subconscious demon worshipping , the earth to oblivion in 250 years , a very illuminated directive .
bernie shamelessly used it in his campaign , which is why he lost me early on .
team up with bernie sander now as his vp and lets do all the things you &apos;ve mentioned above .
sen. bernie sanders issued the following statement after president barack obama delivered a prime-time speech and congressional leaders offered competing deficit-reduction proposals : &quot; the issue with regard to deficit reduction is pretty clear .
&quot; to screw americans over is okay as long as i get the pharma bucks &quot; --cory booker
is that really good news mrs senator jeanne shaheen ?
oh democrats love to politicize any shootings to help them attack your second amendment rights under the u s constitution .. as if law abiding gun owners are the blame for these deaths .
people are worried that jobs are going to suddenly leave if tpp passes .
your big pharma vote .
love you , love your vales .
kristen duda
i ask , when i go to pharmacy , to check where drugs were manufactured and i will not accept drugs from some parts of the world .
why won &apos;t you be our president mr. glorious corey booker !
if only hastings had the same compassion for humans as he does for dogs .......
your work is greatly appreciated .
hope we can get eric cantor out of virginia and a democratic governor back in .
scott walker is not going to do anything that would help wisconsin workers .
i have paid fees and medical exams for immigrating and waited my turn , so don &apos;t , please do not divide americans on immigration , we all embrace legal immigrants that want to be americans .
the drugs probably would have saved them , but why take a chance ... ?
happy holidays to you and your family , senator .
chuck go read us code 8 - 1182 .. trumps action is legal ..
makes you the senior senator !
bannon &apos;s influence ?
and the choice is hillary ?
thank you rep slaughter thank you for your dedicated service .
colleen souza has no soul i can see that loud and clear i dont thank you have the latest pools i havent been ask have you
wonderful khaaa khun tammy : )
turkey day in saranac lake , ny for the pillsworths .
frank &quot; ball &quot; pallone made an ass of himself at the hearings today .
you don &apos;t have to have a phd to realize trump is certifiably insane .
i wonder when women like hillary and warren will be considered equals and not second class ?
rick whittle ... i &apos;m sorry you have .
at present , the presidential inauguration is the most ceremonial event , particularly since it is the second term for you , mr .
i &apos;m so proud that you are my senator !
you should be the dnc chair ! !
we are not getting paid holidays paid double , we are getting less holiday paid .
i feel like president trump is an injustice we have to bear but i will protest even if no one listens .
go senator klobuchar !
thanks to congresswoman tsongas i was able to attend this event .
thank you senator booker ! !
so i guess your life has begun to end , because you &apos;re silent on a lot of things that matter , and you &apos;re against even more things that matter , like affordable prescription drugs .
and please support the helping families in mental health crisis act - hr 2646 : http : / / www.huffingtonpost.ca / susan-inman / mental-illness-policies _ b _ 8538144.html
vote no , patty
i feel that it should include sba loans for unemployed entrepeneurs to be able to start businesses .
it is far past time that the wealthy and the big corporations pay their fair share .
so tonight , i &apos;m offering an amendment which says something very straightforward : pharmacists and prescription drug distributors should be able to purchase low-cost medicine from other countries at a fraction of the price they &apos;re paying in the united states . &quot;
stay strong senator stabenow , you &apos;re doing a great job !
shame on you for using scare tactics tammy .
we will not allow a small group of angry bernie supporter to lie about you , bash you and try to take you down .
keith we need affordable common sense ideas that will work .
i cannot look the other way when an elected official such as rick larsen ignores the majority vote , and the will of the people ... in otherwards i cannot support anyone who blatantly works against democracy and the people he works for .
tulsi for emperess
the democratic race is over !
tom chen , obviously other peoples &apos; civil rights are less important to you than your own personal needs .
also , please please help the seniors , i know too many who go without food to buy meds and go without meds to eat .. help them ! !
but bernie on the other hand would undo your hard work for the 1 % , and you need to stop him in his tracks , even if that means president trump .
women marching around dressed like women &apos;s privates .... celebs spouting filth and vitriol about trump .... i found it totally uninspiring .
senator warren we need you and senator sanders to both take part in the presidential debates
as a former homeless vet , i &apos;m grateful for the &quot; hand-up &quot; that i received when i needed it .
amy , this position is not enough !
i &apos;m an ex-pat minnesotan , living in the third-world state of wisconsin now : - ( i &apos;ll continue to support al franken and what he represents , and brings to forward-looking government ...
perhaps congressman pallone to sponsor the &quot; infected thumb awareness month . &quot;
booker must run in 2020. easy to say with the benefit of hindsight but hillary should have selected booker not kaine as her vp and i think turn out would have been better .
the &quot; cars kill people too , why not ban cars ? ! &quot;
our sympathy to gov dayton and all the family !
seriously ... is there a reason the electoral college shouldn &apos;t be eliminated ?
because that is what is happening say thank you to warren buffett .
are you going to help thpse who receive student loans weasle out of repayment ?
blah blah blah jackie .
thank you so much congressman jan schakowsky .
please support koppa ( s.1631 ) and ( hr.2844 ) sponsored by bernie sanders and marcy kaptur .
i am 100 % proud of you for taking away a bust of a kkk clansman - being proactive is so important .
happy thanksgiving debbie and john ! ! !
if you run in 2020 trump will beat you .
barbara lee speaks for me
defazio and wyden are the reason we need term limits .
i want her to be able to reach her dreams without someone stepping in for their own selfish gratification and laying to waste her opportunities .
maxine has been a great supporter of veterans
if guns kill people then penciles miss spell words .
corey , i personally researched the subject of canadian drugs .
thank you kirsten for standing strong !
dems only win by making accusations of racism , sexism , xenophobia , etc .
can you say something positive about our next great president , hillary rodham clinton ?
happy memorial day , kirsten ! !
this is a republic , a democratic republic , a broken democratic republic in need of a new socio-economic paradigm .
society - the one you are a part of .
you and elizabeth warren !
hey frank , how about putting that $ 34 billion into fixing our farking infrastructure like sewer &amp; pipes , bridges , and mass transit and getting these people back to work ! !
it &apos;s either a progressive liberal nationalist or a progressive liberal criminal .
thank you for voting no on the gmo labeling bill .
rip governor mario cuomo .
rick nolan lied about something .
mn loves you , amy klobuchar !
when was the last time western new york had a booming economy ?
first you stab bernie sanders in the back and now you &apos;ve betrayed the people in puerto rico ..... you &apos;ve developed a taste for treachery that &apos;s becoming a very nasty habit !
senator bennet please vote no on sessions !
love you peter !
right on tulsi gabbard
run elizabeth run ! ! ! !
can &apos;t you convince the other democratic senators to fight this craziness ?
really , senator warren , are you gonna say now that we have to unite behind her ?
rick , thank you for standing up and fighting the good fight .
i appreciate your voice of reason in these crazy times .
endorse bernie sanders please ! ! ! ! ! ! !
thank you for representing me , sen harris !
i do not understand how even a gun owner can defend ownership of assault weapons ... or whatever name people want to give to what amounts to killing machines .
happy thanksgiving senator ! !
don &apos;t always agree with liz but on this one .. yes .
well , i &apos;m having my own inauguration party at my home and watching on tv !
rest in peace jim
franken is more of a comedian as a congressman than he ever was on snl .
thank you ms gillibrand !
do better elizabeth .
this is the 21st century .
canadian drugs are more safe than anything we have here .
thank you for your courage mark !
pat murray , when i heard what you did with your bite to help repeal health care , it really struck me .
rep. lewis is whats wrong with washington politicians and your following his worthless example ... you represent the people of wisconsin .. they want you to be present and represent us ... not your wrong agenda ... hope the people of your district vote you out of office asap .
great story elizabeth
happy holidays to those who can afford to eat it and poo-poo on the ones who are forced to eat gmo foods because they can &apos;t afford organics !
i should probably put out some murray signs !
thanks hon maloney , you and sen schumer both are being the leaders that are needed in washington at the present time ...... the president and his &quot; ill advised &quot; staff ought to take a refresher course of the constitution of the united states ....... then do their &quot; job &quot;
the real progressive is bernie sanders .
a dem on fox lol even obama talks smack and won &apos;t go on fox ... why won &apos;t the dnc let fox moderate a debate ?
thank you too senator wyden .
because it wasn &apos;t alll for the republicans &apos; rich wall street buddies ?
go here for more information , about the pro gun rally in trenton on 2-8. https : / / www.facebook.com / groups / nj2as /
hillary clinton / sherrod brown will be a winning ticket .
you voted &quot; no &quot; on gmo labeling ? ?
the people of the world can influence each other for common peace and human rights , no boundary can stop that , how awesome .
the dnc chair stepped down , and dws was made dnc chair .
well said joe .
we are afraid of gmo products and do not want to feed our children glyphosate !
thank you for opposing mr. sessions .
keep on being a great example tulsi !
i &apos;m just another progressive who &apos;s lost patience with the lies , distortions and misrepresentations coming from right wing puppets and puppet-masters .
i am thanking al franken for his hard work .
great job senator franken !
i am a female teacher and college professor with cerebral palsy and i fear my voice will not be heard !
senator booker---we need you more than ever !
love ya , elizabeth ! !
we should be protesting and banging pots and pans in the streets and not stand for this at all
we found it profoundly disturbing that even though sanders handily won in mn , you as a super delegate intend to give your vote to hrc ... while qualified in some areas she is uninspiring .
the trump supporters responding to this post are so typical .
ask for the moon and stars , and work your way toward the middle , or risk people thinking you &apos;re a corporatist tool .
it &apos;s just unfortunate that the republicans never wanted to work with obama on anything , yet democrats will work with trump for the good of the country yet get little credit for it .
mr. passanante -- senator bennet is not a socialist .
like every responsible gun owner i support good gun laws , but i also know that simple gun laws do not address the root cause of the problem .
you deliver inspirational quotes , but are they for the people , or your inspiration as you take more money from big pharma ?
while i love warren , maybe she should have actually stood up to the dnc when they rigged the primaries against the only candidate who wasn &apos;t a rich , powerful , corrupt pos ?
proud when you &apos; first elected and proud to support minnesotans finest home grown girl a second time around .
you need to fully describe and document your ( and others ) concerns regarding the &apos; safety &apos; of drug importation from canada and other countries .
i had no doubt that you would win amy !
also disclosed today was the % of pharmaceutical donates they each have received !
mahalo for tilting at windmills ! !
please represent the people of wa and vote for bernie sanders .
i voted for hillary , bernie was my first choice .
wall street lost !
frank z- i &apos;m sure you are right about us agreeing on many , if not most issues .
congrats keith let me know what i can do to help !
why do you oppose the proposed sopa &amp; pipa bills ?
rick , thanks for trying to help break the log-jam in washington dc !
why did you vote against the klobuchar amendment if you &apos;re so concerned about the healthcare of your constituents ?
thank you for continuing to stand up for us , gerry .
americans need to vote for sanders .
thank you for your strong statement , senator .
thank god for leaders like president obama , and like you , senator ellison , who value equality and justice for all .
tim kaine : tomorrow , new va. senator ... 2016- next vice president .
are you afraid of upsetting past and potential donors in the drug industry ?
this outlandish dose would injure the animals and give the fda an excuse to outlaw the product .
yet you boycott your own duly elected american president .
sadly , trump will not change .
elizabeth warren should have been the annointed one , not $ hillary !
( 1 ) stop importing fossil fuel from nations that clitorally butcher their daughters and prevent women from voting or even driving .
you maybe a ny senator and i live in ny ... but its time for you to go.you are not my senator .....
maybe instead of banning assault box cutters maybe we need to reconfigure our mental health system or look into schools as someplace other than a child storage unit .
and , with all due respect to sens sanders and klobuchar , they were only grandstanding , because they know damn well that mcconnell and friends ( on the house side ) would never let this law come to pass .
i want you and warren to run in 2020 you are a hero .
does the mn ng anti prohibition political activity money come from federal or state tax money ?
please , rick , cut the load of restrictions by half , and reduce the weight of government .
voter suppression is the greatest threat to our democracy !
we support you always patty , but this guy is not my president !
only forward , rep. cleaver .
bannon is the wrong choice .
my niece in michigan has just graduated and has $ 100,000 .
i &apos;m fighting for bernie sanders , senator brown .
now let &apos;s endorse # berniesanders # onlyberniewilldo # feelthebern
congressman , with all due respect she won by a very slim margin and super delegates are supposed to be the will of the people not the party .
why are you allowed to pop off at the mouth , but elizabeth warren isn &apos;t allowed to post her views ? ?
i am in canada , i live in a free country , i grew up in the netherlands , in the 80 &apos;s in the netherlands , marijuana , prostitution , euthanasia , gay marriage , abortion , and birth-control education , and free birth control methods to teenagers , were already legal .
peter defazio you are a treasure for oregon : - )
warren is part of the 1 % she talks about .
thanks for your post and support of elizabeth warren .
thank you so much for your valiant efforts to fight for equality ... in spite of a concerted by the present administration to take us back 50 years .
al , thank you for being one of the first politicians willing to say , &quot; i support gay marriage because my wife was the best thing that ever happened to me . &quot;
this post is about fair pay for equal work .
i am studying geography and environmental science with an emphasis in urban studies and planning at the university of colorado denver .
grandmother said &quot; let &apos;s go make groceries churen , it be dark here pres &apos;ny &quot; .
lets make sure every loud , white ass has his gun
thanks jon for always standing with women ! !
thanks so much amy klobuchar ! !
kudos senator bennet .
thank you , senator , for having the courage of your ( and our ) convictions .
which would not include one who would say : &quot; and what a bizarre time we &apos;re in , when a judge will say to little children that you can &apos;t say the pledge of allegiance , but you must learn that homosexuality is normal and you should try it . &quot;
miss mary morlock was my third grade teacher .
jonathan , if frank wants to play the blame game , he has to accept responsibility for democrats inaction during their reign of error .
dont you read all the newspapers in ct about the gun killings that go on ?
hillary may have her differences from trump ( at least in rhetoric ) ... but both represent the same interests .... those with money , power , and privilege .
chuck schumer is the biggest piece of shit in this land .
we &apos;re fucked because you and hillary fucked bernie , al .
trump or hillary i will take trump !
and sen. peters is there to lend support , the two of you will make a great team
electoral victory , because .
ok on the spending cuts , like farm subsidies , which is making millionaires out of se minnesota farmers , oil co. subsidies , and a bloated defense budget .
yes louise !
elizabeth warren in the untarnished hero of the american people .
i was in dc last week for a short visit and got to meet chairman frank on enda and dadt .
equal opportunities , not equal outcomes .
the super delegate vote belongs to the people .
thank you , senator murray , for all you &apos;ve done for hcr !
we need to get rid of the electoral college so our individual vote does count .
i have been with my partner for 10 years .
thank you so much , congresswoman lee !
i wish that all congressmen especially from oregon did this as well .
earl , you carry on the fine tradition of progressive representation for your ( my ) district , portland , and the state of oregon .
rock it senator warren !
according to the fda , the bill also sets a very high bar for even the bill &apos;s &quot; make believe &quot; labels ( qr codes and toll-free phone numbers ) , because it would apply only to those gmo crops &quot; for which the modification could not otherwise be obtained through conventional breeding or found in nature . &quot; &quot;
i used to vote based on the person and their thoughts - the way i chose to voter for you kyrsten .
hello--just a citizen on cyberspace who hopes to see you support net neutrality .
rwnjs need to stay out of women &apos;s medical decisions - this is between a woman , her family , and her doctor .
seriously this is the best insult besides tiny fingers and hands for drumpf i am so happy you said this thank you senator why has no one else said this
now the reality of donald trump shows you the truth ‼ ️
kick ass
thank you for helping women !
keep working for us , peter .
stay close to her , brian ... we need progressive leaders like both of you !
show yours bitch
i am so glad that you and chuck schummer are my senators !
time for you to commit to a candidate elizabeth and work like hell to get her elected !
thank you for standing up for us in michigan , sen. debbie stabenow , proud of you .
you &apos;re a typical bull shit politician !
i applaud what seth and other democrats are doing !
i &apos;m very disappointed you haven &apos;t helped bernie because i cannot pull the lever for clinton , even to stop trump ; so all you corrupt party liners have only yourselves to blame if he &apos;s elected .
very , very well said ms. warren .
have you apologized to senators sanders and klobuchar ?
this is not a normal transition of power .
i will not support racist republicans and i will not support democrats who are in the pocket of wall street , such as yourself .
from your constituent in queens , ny barbara holmes
derek , just a further measure of the quality of person that you are !
just as gays and lgbt want others to be tolerant of them , you likewise need to be tolerant of those who do not believe in your lifestyle .
i have watched you and supported you publicly , but this vote has made me doubt you , mr. cory booker .
the mordis family sending holiday well wishes your way all the way from the sunshine state .. happy new year and all the best for 2013 !
these women were so in love with hrc they were acting like groupies at a rock concert when the video of hrc &apos;s concession speech was played .
this goes without saying this person was mentally ill. however , with that said , people should have the right to choose their life / lifestyle without fear of being hated or condemned .
we &apos;re all hoping in the miracle bernie win with you as veep .
if this is just more patty cake and resume enhancement , i &apos;ll be at the front of the line screaming for the republicans i supported and voted for to get the boot !
how will that help us .... it is inevitable that prices will go up again .... the supply coming from fracking is not limitless ...
al assad forces each day kill more than 50 people , it &apos;s doesn &apos;t matter if there is chemical weapon , bumps or strike .
hi , mandy , didn &apos;t know you were an elizabeth warren fan .
it would have been &quot; president elizabeth warren &quot; had she run - just sayin &apos; ......
i am wondering if you do represent minnesotans why oh why did you vote to reduce the pensions for our military men and women ?
thank you , rep. larsen .
thank you for your hard work for the people of virginia .
and , equal pay ?
all people , regardless of race , sexual orientation , gender etc , are important and beautiful in gods eyes .
thank you barbara lee for representing the people &apos;s conscience !
dearest cory , this is mother jewel , as always i am so proud of you and your hard work .
thank you for your service , hard work , and doing what is right for all of us .
joe walsh is so out of there .
tell him birther rick says so .
thankyou congresswoman .
every beautiful village here in upstate new york and i am sure other beautiful states have empty factories , storefronts and homes , not to mention the deteriorating roads and bridges .
with you in office , congresswoman , we &apos;ve got the best of luck .
i went to beall and always had amazing teachers : - )
i &apos;m disappointed patty voted against workers of washington .
thank you , amy , for always being ready to help us change what needs to be changed .
note , this is an attempt to use the lyrics from a car ad song in a semi-humorous manner : how do you like al now ? !
man woman equality is equal to a dead battery .
so disappointed on your vote on prescription drugs .
between you and bernie sanders , i am hanging on to a small thread of hope .
mahalo for all your support !
steve kissing mark , makes me gag .
let &apos;s get back to real work , representing new yorkers , including the farmers .
of defense , chuck hagel , and cia director , john brenner .
# replacericklarsen # feelthebern
you suck , al .
i remember it all too well , a real loss for all minnesotans
i am all for humanitarian intervention and appreciate those who risk their lives to help .
deepest condolences to you and your entire family .
you lost me al when you stabbed bernie for crooked hillary .
but there weren &apos;t any police there , just unarmed victims who had no way to defend themselves .
yes ... but i still want you to go away patty murray ... your voting record sucks and you do not represent the best interests of the people of wa ... and blurting out a comment like this occasionally won &apos;t fix that .
i am so delighted to have you in congress .
merkley is awesome ... he should be majority leader ! !
please talk to governor dayton and have him use the surplus for infrastructure improvement !
thank you , you are appreciated very much .
sexual harassment is still sexual harassment regardless of the gender .
trump has not been racist at all .
i will vote for josh mandel because sherrod brown has failed ohio !
happy thanksgiving to you and yours from kansas !
thank you , rep. schakowsky , for your service to the state of illinois and our nation .
well said , elizabeth ! !
senator murray , the sld dyslexia-related &quot; dys-abilities &quot; are the only ones that i am aware of that are solely remediated with evidence-based academic instruction , and with dyslexia the most common ( 85 % ) , why shouldn &apos;t teachers be trained ?
don &apos;t put the blame solely on the electoral college .
i most definitely agree , debbie stabenow .
upholding marriage equality , protecting civil rights of all citizens not just the rich or white , protecting a woman &apos;s reproductive freedoms .
thank you for all that you do and i know will continue to do .
funny how everone is an expert in guns now .
i question if mrs. warren even made this comment , because it goes against everything she stands for .
then , in 8 years when bernie is done , run as president .
democrats have been racist for nearly 240 years .
sorry , chuck , you need to go .
you were calm , cool , intelligent , dare i say , &quot; presidential &quot; ; ) joe , on the other hand , looked like a fuse about to blow !
i am concerned that you are choosing to oppose the will of your constituents and vote for hrc despite the overwhelming voice of minnesotans and their preference for bernie sanders .
advocating and supporting these types of protests encourages those prone to violence to do just that .
please , senator brown , please oppose : andrew puzder for secretary of labor tom price for secretary of health and human services .
you sold your soul to big pharma and now we suffer .
thanks for your service to all minnesotans , senator !
what about the right to live without fear that someone will turn an assault weapon on you or your loved ones ?
pretty sure dr. king would never have taken money from big pharma and i know for a fact he wouldn &apos;t have voted against the well being of the american citizens .
vote no to or for cory booker !
will you work to respond to this voices with your seat in congress , elizabeth ?
i was disappointed in the vote and thought they should open the way to once again get our prescriptions from canada.i had hoped this would bring american drug companies to rein in their profit and set a fair price .
if it weren &apos;t so damped cold there , i might move to minnesota just for al franken .
democrats in this state are sheep , and vote democrat every single time , regardless of who is on the ballot .
fritz mondale is a personal hero of mine .
seriously , how is canada pharmacies not safe ?
happy thanksgiving to you , senator debbie !
i said : patty will win
failure right warren ?
this is not what our country is about , please resist !
however , your call for fairness or whatever in the campaign at this point is disingenuous after the recent bombshell you threw at sanders when you red baited him in national tv .
that is what the nh gop has resorted to .
please senator klobuchar do not support any legislation which will stop this law because people need to know the truth about our food .
keep in mind , you opposition , like the trolls in here , is totally brainless and ineffective .
best of luck tomorrow kamala !
another courageous post by amy .
boston you &apos;re my home !
very very grateful that you are my senator .
great event senator !
probs hillary .. i don &apos;t think trump is the best candidate ever to run for president but , he is by far better than hillary .
trump is a winner if he makes someone like u.s. senator elizabeth warren talk about him .
you helped give us the worst result of all time , and you better bet we &apos;re going to hold you and the dnc to task for it .
please run in four years , please elizabeth , we need you .
the issue was a result of the wisconsin cheese maker buying out of state milk that changed everything .
you &apos;re defending a policy that promotes inequality which makes you , in my completely biased opinion , an extraordinary dick .
if you really cared about money in government , you &apos;d be supporting bernie .
why dont you do that on a regular basis , oh and you talk about trump saying bad things about people , well i guess you forgot all the nasty hateful names democrats called everyone else , you are a hypocrite ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
mrs. warren stop endorsing the politically corrupt hillary and her horrible and obvious attempts on trying to gain votes from students with promises she has no intention of following through with .
do not attend inauguration .
i don &apos;t celebrate easter , i celebrate democracy .
so glad we are recognizing equality for all in minnesota .
kirsten has you looking very soft !
trump supporters insult because they have nothing to show or defend .
thanks for your concern about the environment
i am extremely concerned that hillary could lose .
most of the medically bankrupt were solidly middle class before financial disaster hit . &quot;
why did you vote against getting prescriptions from canada at a much lower cost ?
# vermontstrong ( &amp; perhaps some vermont applebutter would go well , too : - ) )
you must fight and resist at every turn this evil gop fascism .
i know that many trump voters are not racists and their vote was actually one against hillary .
this smug-self righteousness and unwillingness to engage your political opponents is exactly why we ended up with donald trump as president and why the democrats have been defeated so badly .
even when there are not protesters present , the level of hatred , racism , intolerance , etc .
it &apos;s a sad day to me in minnesota .
a big thank you for your service from missouri tammy .
democrats do not fight hard enough .
senator gillibrand i thank you for voting against all of trump nominees ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
you reid and schumer should be ashamed .
senator wyden , you are different than senator reid , you fervently believe in socialism and trashing the constitution but you are &quot; gentle and soft spoken &quot; , &quot; wrapped in fairness &quot; , yet ruthless in taking away the people &apos;s rights .
she is positioning herself to run in 2020 as the democratic nominee representing the far left tom graber
congratulations , mr. kaine !
loans and immigrants are great and everything ... but without health people get sick .
appreciate the royal trashing of our drug prices .
&quot; not only did elizabeth warren lie about being an indian , records show her ancestors slaughtered indians : &quot; https : / / mobile.twitter.com / marksimoneny / status / 830242470969622530
i think we saw a significant difference between bernie and hillary tonight .
i ♥ sherrod brown
i &apos;m disappointed to see this , jackie speier .
president brown 2016 !
hrc is ties w him !
can i give you a hug , al ?
ryan : the city police have more dangerous weapons .
best wishes from ireland
mr hastings should focus on something more within his control , such as personal ethical behavior .
don &apos;t let sopa and pipa ruin the internet ! !
what about your bigpharma vote against senator sanders efforts to help us get affordable meds from canada ?
and the bears , vikings and lions lost ! ! ! !
dear senator schumer : please hold your ground !
i am so proud to have you as our senator &amp; voice of sanity .
a second amendment wednesday , authored by democratic sen. ron wyden , would have allowed importation pending a safety certification , just like the previous laws passed on the subject .
your constituent in sandy hook , ct .
lower courts may be inclined to take a narrow view of constitutional safeguards in order to avoid the political backlash that would come from invalidating a provision of something called &quot; the violence against women act . &quot;
it doesn &apos;t matter debbie , there is noone worthy of the position on that side .
you can take that to the bank ms. warren .
please continue to fight this appointment for all of us .
thank you for your time today , rick !
your tears were so phony and ridiculous i laughed .
tears in our eyes , prayers to the victims and their families .
popular vote trump 47 % clinton 47 % i wouldn &apos;t call that a clear win of the popular vote .
i don &apos;t support trump but if you support hillary mrs warren you whole statement is hypocritical .
filibuster all the way , sen. brown !
thank you senator gillibrand -- keep up the good work !
there is no news media coverage of bernie except on the internet .
you made me so proud to be a social worker at the va working with homeless veterans and returning oif / oef combat veterans ! ! !
i am a person who care &apos;s it breaks my heart when a teen dies overdosing or people in hud homes forced out by toxic mold .
me : and unions do a lot of really good things for the union workers , right ?
elizabeth warren why don &apos;t you look in the mirror !
kyrsten , sorry about off topic post but do you think this is a good or bad idea ...... all i keep reading is that its hard to find doctors who except medicare / medicaid , and its expected to get much worse once the affordable healthcare act takes full effect .
this needs a full congressional investigation for the sake of our democracy
what will happen here when there is a mass exodus of the lower middle class when they cant live here anymore.im not talking about mc donalds workers but more about skilled workers making $ 21 an hour .
protesters intent is to interfere with work in progress .
my plan was the cbc alternative budget fy2012 , which made significant investments in education , job training , transportation and infrastructure , and r &amp; d , while protecting the social safety net .
chag semeach senator !
dry your fake tears .
where is your common decency dr. warren .
the dollars taken from big pharma secured your vote .
please huddle with van jones , bernie sanders , elizabeth warren , and naomi klein for a game plan of real reform and you will be unstoppable .
thank you so much for your continued efforts on this issue !
i am proud and honored to have you represent my commonwealth of virginia in the u.s. senate !
al franken , you contributed to this debacle by not supporting bernie sanders , against the will of your constituents .
that doesn &apos;t make you a democrat , that makes you a racist a * * _ hole !
millions of homeowners in california lost their homes after she fraudulently settled with the banks for pennies .
change the laws about assault rifles .
i think that kamala harris is saying that as americans we should stand up for any group or individual .
thank you sen merkley keep up the hard work we appreciate it !
it is not just that bannon is unqualified , it is his ideology that is radical , and diabolically destructive and incompatible with democracy .
gandhi applied a non-violent strategy and got the british to leave india ( and we must remember he also applied commercial pressure - consumer activism boycotting british goods , a strategy that people all over the world can do now in opposition of donald and all businesses that supported him ) .
but we begin to suspect that these protesters are not interested in knowing what is really best for the refugees , because if they did- they would lose a powerful political playing card which gives them a free pass to scream and rant about the president they don &apos;t like .
only then will you be able to reach out to the trump voter and say that you are ready to help .
i am proud to be your constituent .
glad you are attending the march ... second best choice !
i realize gun violence is not the same as smoking or arson .
both bacterial infections resist antibiotics .
thank you congressman perlmutter for your consistent support and compassion as our representative .
thank you for all you do for the farmers .
bernie on a green ticket is a trump presidency .
most importantly i wish you and your family the gift of good health !
schumer and pelosi are sinking our party .
i was hoping this was to say that she was not attending the inauguration
equal rights for all not the select .
know your facts madam warren .
i &apos;m saddened that what was such a wonderful idea , meeting your public servants , is being destroyed by lax gun laws , the media , bad parenting and dirty politics .
by the way a vote for hillary is a vote for monsanto and cancer , great job !
a hell ruled by ghoul , looting their bounties , corrupting the normal social structure in terms of culture , ethics and human ties indeed .
history : the latent hatred in our country arose with the election of a black president .
problem is green energy still isn &apos;t cost effective , the technology isn &apos;t there yet .
bernie sanders is my choice , but should it be between hillary or trump , i will gladly support hillary .
best wishes in the new year !
well , we can keep elizabeth warren , and kirsten gillibrand and al franken and ron wyden and sheldon whitehouse and a few others .
please back bernie 4 potus !
the voter disenfranchisement is backed up by evidence and is deeply disturbing ( though not surprising in our racist society ) .
happy birthday , senator and many more !
yep i can vouch for amy being there saw her on the television ....
again congratulations tammy duckworth
if bernie can see his way to winning that nomination and gets it done .
i will call durbin and duckworth ! ! !
thank you so much , mrs. warren .
patty thinks we will forget about her shameful voting six years from now when she &apos;s finally up for reelection .
amazing .... looking forward to superbowl kamala : )
why is mn the only affected state by these &quot; so called &quot; refinery closings ? ? ? ? ?
i think you might have sold out to clinton and the dnc .
you really need to back bernie sanders .... because only he can prevent a trump presidency ....... # bernieorbust
no woman would love abusing man , disrespecting a woman is doing so to your mather who gave birth to you , your wife , daughters , and all mothers of the whole world.disrespecting the wombs which carries boys and girls.shame to men who do that .
&quot; cory booker is so concerned about the safety of medicine he voted for a bill weakening fda standards just last month https : / / www.booker.senate.gov / ? p = press _ release &amp; id = 502 … &quot;
&quot; hillary clinton has won the democratic nominating process and i congratulate her for that .
corey 2020
well said , senator murray
if no women are interested , how about bernie sanders ?
congressman van hollen , do you think you all can stop the playground style finger pointing and do your job .
we are watching you the progressives are watching you we will not let you run for president in 2020. you have shown us clearly that you are a sell-out and a whore to big business we had high hopes for you clearly anyone can be bought .
thank you for your presence in our communities and all of your hard work !
you should have run , senator warren .
gun control as a means of public safety is an ineffective means of preventing violence .
hi there mr. pallone wonderful that we have you on our side ! !
kristen we need gun control please .
chuck your vag is showing .
how proud should oregonians be to have two senators that are not in the pockets of big money organizations and are truly doing what is in the best interest of the people !
you should be ashamed of yourself elizabeth for your rhetoric .
the democrats need to obstruct like the gop did .
interesting enough is that coretta scott king &apos;s own family members felt that elizabeth warren was out of line and was attempting to race-bait others in regards to jeff sessions .
i truly hope you were being sarcastic desmond murray , otherwise you are a total idiot !
tears rolled down the cheeks of the statue of liberty when muslim terrorists killed nearly 3,000 americans on september 11. did you forget about that chuck ? ?
elizabeth warren you sold out mothers all over the world who will have their children killed by hillary &apos;s bombs .
brian , you continued to call me gay after you knew it was my wedding suit , of indian design , that &apos;s where you display your racism , after knowing of something but continue to mock it .
we need your support on nra senator .
but hillary has had people killed
right on congressman yarmuth .
thank you senator shaheen
governor or senator harris ahead .
senator , i have a lot of respect for you and many of the positions you &apos;ve taken in the past , but i am perplexed about your vote against senator sanders &apos; drug bill .
not worried about canadian drug safety ; am worried about affordability .
how about this i &apos;ll enjoy music over my stereo not in a class room , get out of college faster with less debt , and join the work force so i can pay back the loans for classes that actually had to do with my course if study .
you &apos;re not going to wish your refugee friends happy thanksgiving
amy i just am so grateful for all the good work you do for the citizens of this country and our state .
elisa levey vicki ulanet wildstein emily cowan jenn jordan cory booker has the best words .
maybe if tammy did her job and less campaigning we &apos;d have a balanced budget !
please endorse bernie now and ask the superdelegates to reconsider bernie because he can bring the youth , workers and independents to defeat trump .
teresa gunter burke you are a disgusting troll .
funny cnbc said you got more than any other senator for your reelection just last year from big pharma .
you and bernie &apos;s theology are the same .
liz ruest
give em hell , cory .
tusen takk , amy .
hillary clinton !
you and sanders are our only hope .
mahalo and aloha blessings to you and yours .
thank you senator for thinking of what my father fought for in wwii , and why my husbands father , and uncle , gave their lives in wwii .
mr. yarmouth you are my representative and i want representation at the inauguration .
wishing you and your family a healthy and happy new year !
how is this any different than paying for you own birth control ?
nothing i hate more than name callers who accuse people of being racist , xenophonic , and bigoted .
lots of trump trolls on this page - strange that they are following ms. warren .
it is not often that tears are shed for a politician , but paul was one that could make politics noble .
liz for pres !
proud to have you represent us in dc !
i am so thankful that you are my new senator !
time for the democratic party to start listening to those who elected you .
i wonder if the dnc is thinking about this .
200,000 + murdered over our drug monopoly war ........ men , women and children and we can &apos;t stop this needless bloodshed and suffering ?
bernie cheated !
glad you &apos;re mine patty !
thank you for your work to help the upstate ny economy and repeal dont ask , dont tell .
congrats minnesota .
this no longer a matter of political partisanship , our democracy is at stake .
so , clayton , you &apos;re making the inference that the way kali posts shows that she &apos;s a troll , and intends to impede communication .
mental illness is the root of this issue .
bernie wins it hands down .
this program provides health care needs to women and families .
right , i know these are important items , but come on , she &apos;s rarely making any waves .
with each new revelation of the extent of hillary &apos;s high crimes and misdemeanors president trump looks more and more likely to be the one to make america great again !
breaking news : elizabeth warren and deval patrick apply obama doctrine blaming everything but their own policies for the murder of little fitchburg boy jeremy oliver
selling out to the big pharma company will destroy your career , or i should say destroyed your future .
i blame the dnc and the pick of &quot; her &quot; .
thank you elizabeth warren you are a class act and make us proud .
nevertheless , these tragedies are too frequent and many times do involve assault weapons .
shocking that keith ellison who must understand persecution and bigotry now condemns bds .
i loved senator inouye .
all the trump supporters commenting went so quick to violence .
i love your stance and passion for many issues but coming from a superdelegate ..... i doubt your commitment to serious change in the dnc .
i respect you a lot corey booker but please reject big pharma influence .
this is exactly why we have an ass hat for president .
ass !
yeah , women senators
go bernie ! !
bigoted attitudes ; intolerance toward those who hold different opinions from oneself : the report reveals racism and right-wing bigotry .
carnage on a wildlife &quot; refuge &quot; with gillibrand holding the knife : http : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = 9deopdzyrbw &amp; feature = youtu.be
you should choose to boycott the inauguration .
@ mr pallone wishes for you to investigate and address radiation-induced mutation of pathogenic microorganisms .
senator brown i haven &apos;t seen you post anything about gmo labeling .
i &apos;m sorry , can &apos;t feel bad for those taking out all these student loans .
claire sucks .
now please do as the good congresswoman suggests and give up your guns , thanks .
i live in michigan and it is an easy drive to windsor .
as a independent i now know that bernie is right our system is corrupt !
new colossus by elizabeth lazarus not like the brazen giant of greek fame , with conquering limbs astride from land to land ; here at our sea-washed , sunset gates shall stand a mighty woman with a torch , whose flame is the imprisoned lightning , and her name mother of exiles .
senator klobuchar - these are the exact words we need .
failed at hatred towards president trump .
john lewis doesn &apos;t care about working with the other side ( just like most dems ) unless the republicans completely change their views and party affiliation .
&quot; he incites supporters to violence . &quot;
so , elizabeth warren , does this mean you &apos;re voting for and supporting governor gary johnson ?
after 13 years of fighting , let &apos;s hope peace is near .
i don &apos;t want to see our community polluted further , inconvenienced and despoiled for the gains of shareholders in corporations that don &apos;t live here on the puget sound , or appreciate what a sacrifice we would be making to ship coal to china for their economic gain .
like your midnight vote against bernie sanders lower prescription drugs amendment ?
put in on my fb page for all of ct to see and read this .
so lame kamala harris .
could it be the $ 267k big pharma collar around your neck puppy ?
you too , senator !
dear senator , my grandparents too fled to this country to escape the nazi &apos;s , the tzars , the dictators .
hilary is just as bad .
you sound like bernie sanders !
uh huh .... and you have yet to endorse sanders
one more step towards equality with our straight brothers and sisters .
happy thanksgiving to you and connie and your family .
keep walking the talk senator schumer !
ms. congresswoman , perhaps you would be interested in working towards the banning of repulsive ads that use insects , rodents , bacteria and scare tactics in their marketing strategies ?
hey democrats your approach to the law doesn &apos;t work , you leave innocent people unprotected .
... thanks , senator klobuchar , for the up-date in this regard .
proud of you al !
we &apos;re furious , too , patty .
thank you for putting forth terrific ideas with such clarity .
go over to iraq and work for them amy , and get someone that wants to start right on the frozen grounds the working girls walk on here .
too bad kirsten fails to mention the one thing that we send our kids to school for ... and that is a quality education .
thank you from a grateful new yorker !
senator murray , keep up your good work .
@ gary hart - thank them because they have created a law allowing all persons to marry whomever they please overturning whatever laws stated only men and women could marry .
thank you senator elizabeth warren
you are such an amazing person elizabeth !
i &apos;m proud of your vote too , and i &apos;m proud to support your candidacy !
patty murray .
interesting deflection from the man who killed people in a shopping mall in portland and brought grief to so many of us .
women often to not fit into the bullying work culture of engineering .
it would have been critical if you would have listened to the citizens of michigan and voted against the aca .
oh no .... mr. kaine , individuals of all kinds should get the best education ! !
bring out the kkk references ---disgusting !
the future of the country &apos;s progressive legacy stands in the balance .
democratic	test		leaders urge al to run a republican as they know he would be easy to win against him
trump is gonna be theee best to ever run and win .
we just got trump and we &apos;re mad as hell .
it should be a woman who has done the most for america and women rights .
the democratic party is too far gone to be saved .
i think she spoke from her heart without hesitating and stretching the issues .
senator chuck schumer - where are you guys ?
i am proud to say i am a veteran for sherrod brown !
your love of humanity and positive strength is an example for me ( and all of us ) .
hey frank , it beats being &quot; sold out &quot; .
too much coddling of big corporations and money / special interests that undermines basic human rights and social justice campaigns .
elizabeth , your support would support bernie &apos;s position as front runner .
thank you claire for your vote .
she won the popular vote !
peace mr. chairman and rep. debbie dingell
congressman polis , many people have urged you to align your superdelgate vote will the majority of coloradans who voted for bernie sanders by a landslide .
senator .. why are you more concerned with preempting vermont &apos;s gmo labeling law than with the toxic water in flint ?
that is why i &apos;m praying we recapture congress ; you &apos;ll make a big difference , tammy !
glad to have you on our side senator cory booker
nh doesnt need scum like you .
thank you for your service ms. warren .
.when trump , is mere days away from the inauguration , and you vote against allowing pharmaceuticals to be imported from canada for safety reasons ! ! ! ! ! ! !
kirsten my dear unless we break up the massive banking industry into smaller ones so they can reorganize and compete for business , we have no hope .. look what judge green did by breaking the at &amp; t trust .
trump scares me !
you let us down booker .
let &apos;s be honest , elizabeth warren is an establishment puppet .
so much hatred and anger from all walks of life is not going to change anything .
senator warren , we need you to stop being on the fence and endorse bernie sanders .
best wishes to you , ms. warren for success in the new year and beyond !
depressing to know that this violence continues and good people die .... this must end .. we need to do something ... soon
your vote was only valued at 99 % compared to the republican vote .... join this group if you were part of &quot; the 99 % &quot; and believe the electoral college should be revised or even abolished !
and don &apos;t tell me unions represent people and corps don &apos;t .
these are obama &apos;s peaceful muslims as well as nancy pelosi &apos;s and lets not forget debbie wasserman schultz
great breakdown elizabeth 👏 👏 👏
come on frank , there has to be more important issues to crow about .
please continue speaking out against bigotry and hatred , and please urge your colleagues on both sides of the aisle to do the same .
sydney j. harris &quot; at the dawn of his administration , president obama opined : &apos; a democracy requires accountability , and accountability requires transparency . &apos;
a richly deserved win to a congressman who proves that progressive ideals are not dead in new jersey !
we oregonians are very proud of you ; keep hanging in there !
this incident was very scary for usin my area , yet in oregon had a very different effect ?
that &apos;s why we need bernie sanders u.s. senator bernie sanders to take some of the cruz and kasich votes and win the democratic nomination .
al frankin .... i sincerely hope the next time we have a progressive campaigning for the presidency , you keep your knives at home and not in the back of said candidate ..... btw .... the next election cycle when you are back to begging for funds , delete my name from all lists of potential donors ....
how can you sit in that hearing and act like hillary clinton is a poor victim and this is just mean republicans out to get her for political reasons .
quit whining elizabeth , you helped steal the primary and you were on stage with the thief every step of the way .
thank you frank for voting no , each time you oppose your consituents you take one step closer to the door !
i hope your jeeves is just hypothetical , chris .
you tell em &apos; al franken
we are with you , chellie !
since mr franken likes this so much , i challenge him to refuse his free all the bells and whistles senate policy and provide his own aca policy .
it &apos;s co-sponsored by klobuchar and also seeks to allow reimportation , and since it &apos;s been referred to the help committee ( of which you &apos;re the ranking member ) , you &apos;ll be able to make sure it &apos;s to your liking .
instead , you are planning on wasting the investment in 3 locks , 30 miles of 9 foot channel , and the minneapolis river terminal in north minneapolis .
lack of respect for women .
amy , three generations of my family have served in the 934th .
please vote for bernie sanders and represent the voice of the people .
great job debbie .
it &apos;s actually teacher appreciation week : ) but thank you ! !
sounds like the 27th amendment need some updating ... keep up the good work , tulsi !
love this 2020 cory ! !
♥ ♥ ♥ the whole country needs ms. warren kicking butt in the senate .
chris , congrats and good luck .
what are your views on what jill stein stands for ?
endorse him , elizabeth warren !
there goes elizabeth warren trying to get it in with the pres lol
when treated with cannabis oil coming off drugs is manageable
thanks amy for hanging in there and getting the job done .
there is still a chance- if you run in 2020 .
she &apos;s suffering from a extreme case of headupherass !
happy birthday you tea bagging himbo !
ellison !
yes , i know that trump &apos;s daughter has converted to judaism , but trump is still an anti-semite .
those here saying that hobby lobby was choosing to avoid abortion products in their health care insurance have it wrong .
cincinnati ~ has recently called for a care / transition home specifically for youth - seattle &apos;s united indians of all tribes / daybreak star ~ thankfully , is also focused on youth guidance and care - tackling untolerable rate of suicide .
we are paying close attention senator murray .
never hillary and traitor liz
support sanders please
then there &apos;s always jamie dimon who misplaced $ 5.8 billion and mf global and jon corzine , who took advantage of farmers and misplaced over $ 2 billion .
shocked our electorial college gave trump the presidency , but that &apos;s our democracy .
please , senator-elect elizabeth , use your position and power when you get to the senate to address this horrific situation that highly lethal weaponry can be in the hands of people who clearly are not part of &quot; a well regulated militia &quot; .
senator chuck schumer suggested that the fcc should classify internet providers as &quot; common carriers . &quot;
i emailed senator schumer commending him and asking him to continue to help us with our future .
in the time rep. pallone has been in office , democrats have reduced the federal deficit to the point of running in surplus , until bush-cheney .
sounds like a roaring endorsement of u.s. senator bernie sanders &apos; policies even if you won &apos;t endorse him outright .
thanks for lending your powerful voice to the debate sen. murray .
i &apos;ll be voting straight blue ballot !
being reasonable about what people need and being a shill for corporate interests isn &apos;t the same thing .
minnesota does not have the highest voter turnout .
please keep fighting for all minnesotans and americans .
debbie you are the best !
the dnc and the party leadership perpetrated election fraud on the members of their own party .
e . 45th or 46th st. what time monday ?
i had the unfortunate experience of viewing the debate online via the kxly website - it was clear that the spokane area followers were pro-dino and into bashing patty .
avoiding conflicts of interest is not a partisan issue ; it is a national security issue and critical to protecting our democracy .
the value of many liberal arts degrees is marginal but the left supports these meaningless degrees .
thank you mr. earl blumenauer and others in our electected government officials in protection medical users like myself and the recreational users in making this all fair for our citizens ..
drop dead elizabeth .
i disagree that hillary is a war monger .
vote all blue !
i encourage you to give strong support to the president &apos;s actions to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and to move toward international agreements on reducing climate change .
the real reason for your dumb ass bill .
thank you , dick durbin , for your many years of dedicated support for the violence against women act .
please do not allow trump and his follower to eliminate this very important act .
demonizing a weapon for how its used is senseless , unless you &apos;re willing to speak out against cars and alcohol when a drunk driver kills innocents .
stand up cory booker ! !
amy shapiro did you see this ?
i am with u senator warren
trump supporters hate hillary with all the vitriol they can muster -- which is a lot .
thank you sherrod for your hard work !
in fact , celebrate the fact that my wife and i are going to buy a mini cooper coachman convertible as our new get-around-town-car !
thank you amy - you are always working for us and it is appreciated .
all i can say elizabeth is you have greatly disappointed me !
thank you elizabeth , a tragedy we won &apos;t forget .
get use to hearing donald trump lizzy ! ! ! ! !
so how come you voted against importing drugs from canada ?
i suffer from chronic radiation enteritis and i need to know what foods i ingest .
elizabeth , i wish you would endorse bernie sanders , as the tide would definitely turn in his direction totally .
can you imagine our queen elizabeth having to meet him god help her that she never has to
back at ya &apos; al .
best wishes for a great win , for you , and all of us in the district .
best wishes to the best senator .
tulsi , i don &apos;t blame you one bit and i wish you the best of luck in your reelection campaign .
thank you for sharing these stories , senator .
i think the point chellie and obama made is that we need to proceed with optimism and in the best interest of moving our country forward .
we need more officials like you who won &apos;t stand for and oppose figures like bannon .
my californian daughter lives in illinois and i &apos;m happy you are her senator !
u.s. senator elizabeth warren has always spoken in the plainest and best truth .
thank you patty for all of your hard work on our behalf .
happy thanksgiving , congresswoman suzan delbene .
funny you have this on your site regarding family issues : &quot; all new york children must have the opportunity to grow up in safe neighborhoods with supportive families , free of violence . &quot;
elizabeth warren , a well respected schlolar , expert on the american economy and consumer advocate , tells it like it is .
once again , well said amy !
great job since taking the reigns so far , kirsten .
inviting caitlyn jenner into woman &apos;s restroom of his trump towers hotel ... trump supporters .
i only have love in my heart and the greatest respect for you .
i stand with gerry connolly .
your military service brings tears to my eyes .
i can &apos;t believe they don &apos;t have services for our servicemen in the mental health field already .
i am a cuny graduate and i know fellow classmates who studied and earned their associate degree at a community college .
i don &apos;t see hillary dropping out to unite the party , despite all the poles saying bernie is stronger against trump .
if attending his inauguration violates your conscious , then by all means don &apos;t attend .
trump may not be the best , but he &apos;s head and shoulders above and better than hillary .
i , too , encourage you to boycott this illegitimate president &apos;s inauguration .
we sooooo love you elizabeth !
and derek is not supporting the 72 % that voted for sanders !
unfortunately , the people at the 38th ld believed larsen without checking the facts .
please amy , give us a government that works .
we must all make sure that bernie sanders gets the dem .
it couldn &apos;t be all the money you &apos;ve received from big pharma !
write legislation that no oregon logs can leave the state until milled to finish dimensions .
we &apos;re not going to forget that you betrayed us with your big pharma vote .
it &apos;s a scary time and so disheartening to see so much progress clawed back .
can &apos;t wait to tell some porky patty supporters the same thing !
you got my vote amy
appoints fat cat wall streeter to chief of his staff .... after vowing he hated wall street and big business ! ! !
thanks for posting this , kirsten !
please lead the fight to not confirm these people to work in trump &apos;s cabinet , and to put pressure on him to get the others out too .
so the wall that currently exists in san diego doesn &apos;t work ? ....
welcome , and thank you for the hard work you have done for the people of new york !
mark long , you really need to stop comparing today &apos;s democratic party to the one of 150 years ago , or even 60 years ago .
listen to senator cantwell for a more permanent solution and remove one more way for speculation to hurt american consumers .
franken you are a hack of the first order ....
we &apos;re looking at 80 years of democratic presidents after hillary .
senators warren , sanders and merkley .
i love me some yarmuth , but where are those numbers coming from ?
also , please remember : neil gorsuch was unanimously confirmed by senate in 2006 with support of biden , clinton , schumer &amp; obama ! !
my nephew was killed and the county of san bernardino payed for his buriel .
let &apos;s see if the gop tries to ramrod things thru without any support from their democratic colleagues .
nj wanted 4 more years of this nonsense .
notice how dick was invisible after chattanooga .
i &apos;d like to thank sanders &apos; supporters for doing a piss- poor job of being real democrats and not supporting our candidate .
you are a brilliant woman and as much as i know you don &apos;t want it , i would love to be able to say president elizabeth warren .
and it most certainly is not an item on the democratic agenda .
you only want to ban guns .
thank you so very much for representing the people with the dedication compassion and the toughness and strength warranted .
congrats for all you do .
thank you senator wyden for doing such a thorough job having publicly made known during the finance committee hearing today for dr. price for head of health &amp; human services that his investments were not all correctly disclosed .
thanks a million congresswoman for your ongoing support of the armenian community , and especially at this very critical time .
go , tammy ! !
waiting for the day amy klobuchar is the democratic nominee for president .
britain has one of the toughest gun laws in the world .
as i already wrote in another post today , today is a day of humanity and remembrance .
my mother served in the united states marine corps womens &apos; reserves during wwii , and i am also a veteran , and a pcp in the yamhill county democratic party in oregon .
you and hilary are my heros .
the democratic party needs to apologize for all they have done to bernie delegates and bernie supporters .
&quot; , hopefully she was able to take a couple hours and watch an amazing game !
elizabeth warren ..... u are perpetuating the lies that the democratic party relies on to cause the division and strife in this country ..... shame on you ! ! ! !
congressman pallone - who will you propose holding accountable for this reported , glaring abuse of power ?
thank you for all that you do for us minnesotans !
great progress !
rick larsen , with his thick skin took the brunt of it .
both sides want what the us wants : to unseat al assad .
is that a bernie endorsement ?
thank you congresswoman slaughter !
trump &apos;s policies will only seek to make the rich richer and the poor and middle class poorer .
please don &apos;t attend the inauguration , patty murray !
he puts his strong catholic beliefs aside in favor of equality and doesn &apos;t push it onto anyone .
hillary could have called died-in-the-wool trump supporters things much worse than &quot; deplorable &quot; .
trump got more votes in indiana yesterday than both bernie and hillary combined .
introduce a bill to ban high capacity clips , which have been used in many of the recent mass murders .
happy new year to you and your family , pete .
... says the woman who helped rig the democrat candidacy in hillary &apos;s favor .
you are brilliant light and voice for human decency and human rights !
thank you , congresswoman !
bring the democrat party together and then , you &apos;ll be able to make progress .
our community will not forget this vote by you cory .
please protect these waters , senator .
whether you support trump or bernie or hillary , this thread shows why america is in such trouble .
this is what you &apos;re shedding tears for ?
save the planet , ban teapublicans .
amy , i do appreciate your sincere and appropriate efforts for the most part .
i &lt; 3 seeing democrats fighting for what we believe in !
you certainly did not follow this advice when you voted yesterday against an amendment that would have lowered prescription drug costs .
michael please read .
# stillsanders # jillbeforehill
thank you amy , may god bless you always.y
chuck schumer is a fake and a punk libtard !
bernie is the one .
hey tammy , you are on the list .
all the best to you , senator !
schumer didn &apos;t cry for san bernardino .
and happy birthday congressman .
you go , rick larsen !
perhaps wyden is looking at the issue more deeply .
time to ditch the obsolete and insulting electoral college
she &apos;s not a girl she &apos;s a two headed corporate shill .
thanks again for your support of woman &apos;s issues
how did you become elected al ?
as a jew , i am aware of what such obstructionism did to jewish refugees from hitler &apos;s germany in the 1930 &apos;s .
michigan gets paid for the dumping from canada .
cruel , unusual and inhuman treatment , torture , ghost prisoners , secret jails , and kidnapping - all war crimes and crimes against peace .
fix our mental health system ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
nathan murphy these comments are terrifying and depressing .
the democrats were given the aforementioned majorities and white house in the 2008 general election - believing that they had voted for change and that if the democrats had control of all three branches , those changes would occur .
i know you will stand up fot us , patty .
and thank senator durbin for working for my state--illinois
merry christmas and a happy new year to you ms. stabernow and your family .
senator booker , please continue to be a bright light of hope , we need your leadership more than ever .
bernie sanders described him as &quot; the scum of the earth . &quot;
but trump is still the best candidate on offer since the others hiliery included are worse ! !
thank you from 2 senior citizens .
thank god for men like senator sanders and mr trump .
i appreciate this , but not how you keep rubberstamping all of trump &apos;s deplorable cabinet picks .
thank you for your vote against sessions !
if you continue to support pipa you will not get my vote and i will do everything in my power to encourage everyone i know to vote against you .
we also , hate the darn drones flying in rural oregon pausing way too long over our homes !
we would like to encourage you to run for president in 2020. you are a man of the people , we saw how you helped the people of newark when that storm came in .
we are looking forward to great things from senator coons over the next six years .
glad you &apos;re fighting the good fight for all of us .
proud to cast my vote for rick !
thanks , elizabeth warren , for your good and effective work .
yet you ignore mn democrats and support hillary who changes nothing .
thank you for working for the people of new jersey ! !
why &apos;d you vote against u.s. senator bernie sanders ?
thank you , congressman cleaver
are you delusional elizabeth ?
i just lost a lot of respect for elizabeth warren .
share this link to sense into trumps followers cause those who let that man lead are just that followers
check out one wisconsin now exec director , and your constituent , scot ross discussing the economic impact of student loan debt on the melissa harris perry show from this past weekend : http : / / youtu.be / -rtks4v3hqe &#91; &#91; video _ share _ youtube &#93; &#93;
even more , bernie has the independent vote .
she must have voted for the bill that would have allowed americans to buy cheaper drugs from canada .
thank you senator murray keep at it !
i have followed your career for many years and know that the people of rhode island are very fortunate to have you as their advocate .
giving thanks for healthcare reform - thanks patty !
is trump really represent you all ?
i for one am so grateful to have your support
as an old rn i want safer choice of cannabis for chronic pain .
happy holidays , elizabeth
happy thanksgiving mark .
you weren &apos;t very worried about the $ 0.84 billion taxpayer dollars that were wasted on the healthcare website to nowhere were you ms. congresswoman .
bernie make her your vp
my 70 year old friend just got a bill from medicare for her premium .
way to go , ms. carol !
he is not a mature , measured , nor meaningful person yet like-minded electoral representatives chose this menace .
i like the governor dayton and us senator amy klobuchar you did great job in our country thank you
despite the wildly popular consumer protections like portability and pre-existing conditions , et al , there are no consumer protections in this bill that prevent insurance carriers from jacking up premiums , no matter how high their profits soar .
prof.warren you were my favorite prof. at michigan law and taught 2 classes i took there.congrats on the debate performance and best of luck to you .
i don &apos;t remember you crying for colleen hufford &apos;s family , you know cause a muslim chopped her head off at work in oklahoma .
elizabeth warren for hillary &apos;s veep !
not that i don &apos;t like hillary , but she is too tied to big money .
why did you vote against sen. sanders bill to allow patients to buy drugs from canada ?
our democracy is gone .
so proud to have you as a minnesota senator
and please ban assault weapons
andrew j. boyer loving to support elizabeth warren is giving bernie .
it is like the dnc is asking , &quot; do you want our oppression to be with or without racism ? &quot;
continue to stand up for equality and against bigotry .
i &apos;m not a fan of schumer , but i am a fan of you .
trump losing the popular vote means our voices were not heard .
could you make it for older adults to be able to manage student loans too please ?
join the climate ride to stop fast track and the tpp tomorrow !
donald trump &apos;s behavior is wholly unacceptable and should not be normalized .
&quot; ... most of the drugs that would be imported from canada were originally manufactured in the united states ; they &apos;re just cheaper there , because the canadian government uses a review board and price negotiation to make drugs more affordable . &quot;
cory booker , what are you going to do about this ?
gorsuch &apos;s beliefs about $ = free speech and corporations are people are dangerous and i believe unconstitutional .
both sexy clinton and trump two faces of one devil .
and those who do not know about and understand their loans and how compound interest work will be greatly affected .
keep strong senator tester
what kind of role model is that ?
tell chuck to follow suit
what do you all think gillibrand is really going to do ... she will walk around ... feign sadness and then go back to washington and do what she &apos;s always done ... nothing .
i don &apos;t usually do this but feel i have to add on here ... i &apos;m very , very disappointed in your vote against importing prescription drugs from canada .
that woman could not tell the truth if her life depended on , yet there are tons of hillary supporters .
thank you , senator carper and all other senate members for supporting gun registration ... something must be accomplished ... far from over .
thanks debbie for supporting equality for all !
thank you amy i &apos;m 1000000 % behind you on that if you need a signture you got it keep up your great work your minnestoa voter
the uk prime minister confirmed sunday that three british hostages had been killed , and that another three british nationals are also &quot; believed dead . &quot;
says the ass who voted against taking on pharma .
please ask the president to get monsanto out of the administration , label gmos , and stop fracking and tar sands pipeline , if the environment is to be saved !
nothing short of economic discrimination !
fear is very powerful and just slight less powerful than greed .
i &apos;m so proud and excited to have you serve as our senator !
i am from canadian and am hopeful that america will be guided by your wise and thoughtful words .
please , please block brannon &apos;s appointment ....
al franken frankly speaking , cool dude
happy 100 days and please push gun violence reform .
you are such an amazing role model for my daughters and me ! !
as a union man i detest trump ! !
thank you sen klobuchar .
please vote for bernie at the convention .
hillary is wise , smart , talented , involved , and the best choice we have .
&quot; senate president stephen sweeney ( d-gloucester ) , who authored the legislation and fast tracked it , said the agreements are key to making sure work goes to new jersey workers .
big pharma and nj have tight ties .
if we can get a 72 % lead with bernie i bet we can get at least a 72 % vote against your next term = ) i &apos;d say have a happy easter , but you ruined mine .
question did you cry when obama did the same thing in 2011 ?
i met one of those female pilots .
mental illness is just that : an illness .
impeachment hearings need to be initiated now by huffman and the 60 or so other congress members who boycotted the inauguration .
sherrie , you are an idiot , lying about trump and bannon , you should be fired !
you support hillary who is in the pockets of wall street who you are fighting against .
shut up elizabeth !
claire , i am behind you 100 % .
o , is she still alive ?
tammy duckworth you are such a real person .
yes tulsi for president ! ! ! !
your leadership makes me proud to call myself a new yorker .
you are going to be a great congresswoman .
do better , cory .
thank you for your sacrifice tammy .
sen. mccaskill i send you all my good thoughts and wishes for a speedy recovery .
again , minnesota leading !
thanks for your support al !
the democratic party needs to wake up to see the writing on the wall in order to salvage the party because if they don &apos;t , there will be a donkey in a casket on the cover of ny daily news .
i am a new yorker , but thank you , senator harris .
happy birthday soror !
keep up the great work of suporting us against whatever that is that is trying so hard to stomp out the middle class and the least among us !
important to say , but the people who really need to hear it couldn &apos;t give two shits about what elizabeth warren has to say .
their &quot; support &quot; of the poor and middle class can best be described as &quot; noblesse oblige . &quot;
thanks again to you and merkley , shumer , warren , franken etc for trying to keep us safe .
dear god please run in 2020 .
why did you vote against bring affordable medications from canada to washington citizens ? ?
in case you are in a coma , elizabeth , the jv team is at it again .
we appreciate you senator wyden !
bernie sanders is trying to end the slavery in our prisons today .
racism is being projected onto the confederate flag , which is in return , continuing the division among us .
if u.s. senator bernie sanders had gotten the support from the party that hillary got we might have been having a better day ! !
i think she and hillary are a team ! 😉
happy new year , dick durbin .
thank you for working so hard for better future and stronger country ! !
ellison won &apos;t go to trump &apos;s inauguration , but he &apos;ll attend fundraisers with hamas guys .
senator warren , please do anything in your power to pass gun control legislation .
senator warner still not sure why you would not consider the highest office ?
this medication is injected into the spinal column using a pump similar to an insulin pump .
did schumer forget about 9 / 11 ? ! !
thank you barbara lee for your courage and convictions .
elizabeth you are one tough cookie keep up the fight thank u
democrats are anti gun , and don &apos;t want to talk about that .
you are being ridiculous , divisive , promoting discord and ultimately violence .
i would like to see college more affordable with truly low interest loans .
do we really think a hiring manager factors in gender when deciding on a salary ?
thank you , my total at the pharmacy was $ 700 + i left the store
how does this action answer the skyrocketing costs of prescription drugs ?
warren would be worse .
sen. warren .
while you &apos;re in the mood to represent your constituents , why not throw your super delegate vote toward sanders ... like your constituents voted .
the racists are cowards , liars , and ugly people .
i shudder to think why trump donated to your campaign in the past .
check out our blog http : / / nmwomenforpattymurray.blogspot.com / and fb group women for patty murray .
happy easter to you and your family , sen klobuchar and a big thank you for all that you do for social justice and equality ... &lt; 3
a bill on mental illness needs to be also introduce into the house and senate .
are there any seniors who are poised to make phone calls when things start to get rough like today ?
you are a very popular woman right now elizabeth warren .
if you don &apos;t like toll roads , complain to your state senator and assemblyman .
fred - yarmuth is a contributor of the bs in dc and all you fools that voted for him and obama deserved to be tarred and feathered for ignorance and stupidity .
and elizabeth warren you turned your back on hillary and so many people like myself have turned their backs on you .
i &apos;ll admit senator brown may not have always made the right decisions , but mandel doesn &apos;t work enough to make any right decisions .
i love amy klobuchar ! ! !
2016- amy for president ! ! !
i &apos;ve noticed a pattern here from bennet and other congress persons .
ap race call : democrat maggie hassan wins governor race in new hampshire .
&quot; what is popular is not always right ! &quot;
and where were you when conservative republican gov rick snyder made a whole new tax on retirements .
showing up at the inauguration of the tweeting cheeto is a slap in the face to your constituents .
your people want u.s. senator bernie sanders , not hillary clinton ... please listen , or step aside .
i don &apos;t think anyone cares about your cute little pr pieces you post on social media , pretending to care about your people ... if you care about us , give us what we want derek kilmer , a sd endorsement of bernie sanders ! ! !
you can expect to be primaried against a true progressive , who stands up for working people , and not corporations .
you &apos;re concerned about the safety of drugs imported from canada ? ?
i know you &apos;re not making these decisions lightly and i greatly appreciate your efforts to do the right thing .
please work to get your democratic counterparts to vote against all remaining nominees .
thank you , sure glad that i voted for you , and i hope that you keep running !
cant hear you , brown , i shut you out when i seen that you betrayed america and signed on to the treacherous un atms trade treaty .
kirsten has done an amazing job .
shame on you for voting yes on the roberts-stabenow fake gmo labeling bill .
congresswoman diana degette , you are an unsung heroine of the democratic party .
awesome , sen. stabenow .
kudos to those who fight back against this wave of imbecile bigotry but in today &apos;s society it &apos;s unacceptable that leaders have the nerve to segregate against people for any reason , let alone being celebrated by the masses for it .
rip jim .
thank you mr. brown , you are the only person from my district that i trust .
good job debbie !
so amy , how long would you prefer to wait after calling 911 , as someone is breaking your door down with the sole intent on harming or killing you ?
thank you earl for your support .
tears are running down the statue of liberty because you marxist demoncraps are using her to push anarchy ... nice try though ... trump will save her from you .
the details and context matter , and you know the details and you have the context , and i am grateful you are there .
thank you for keeping this issue in perspective and not giving in to those who spew hatred and sow fear .
bernie is going to do all he can to keep trump out of the white house .
this would be bad for oregon .
the fda is bullshit .. tell a really canada not having proper guide lines ?
thanks for all you do , sherrod .
don &apos;t assume tammy !
frank pallone jr. is finally getting his butt to union beach tomorrow february 12th to address homeowners that are having insurance filing issues .
franken for potus &apos; 16 ! !
women who were groped and worse .
your statement is still doing nothing ; when your experience should have taught you by now that effective mental health treatment is needed ; and , america can not follow your errant perceptual wondering and wandering path that leaves our nation to continually suffer these tragic deaths .
&apos; we have to pass it to know what &apos;s in it &apos; bullshit .
let &apos;s keep things moving forward !
frank is necessary for the survival of the human race .
some nominee you got elizabeth , sadly , she is no better with all her &quot; black predator &quot; comments .
let &apos;s also not pretend that our own fda standards are somehow safer or more qualified than canada &apos;s , as they are very influenced by big pharma .
trump does not have a studious tone of voice nor intelligent words .
i want to see you president in 2020 !
kirsten , thank you and then can you please get down to the business of what we can do for all the mentally distraught children who do these kinds of things ?
dump murray give trump a chance and i think you all will be suprised !
we really need you to speak out cory .
there is no other proof needed that liberalism / progressivism / communism / socialism is a certifiable mental illness just like the gender dysphoria the left endorses .
do not shed aligator &apos;s tears you idiot .
2222 ) &quot; valid scientific evidence &quot; is defined for purposes of the fda determining the effectiveness of a medical device without clinical investigations &quot; &quot; ( sec .
staff : my name is donald .
thank you so much senator murray for standing up for women &apos;s health and what &apos;s right !
and i hope to one day call you madam president .
i loved mary jane .
also exxon ceo tillerson has a $ 500 billion oil deal with putin waiting for sanctions to be lifted .
thanks for fighting for this , patty .
please openly endorse bernie sanders for president , and take a real step .
red neck , skin head hate mongers are so f * * king stupid .
i &apos;m happy to stand on the right side of history and so proud to be a minnesotan today !
where holding you accountable as the majority of the people want bernie sanders not clinton in this state remember that come election time , word is spreading already
go chuck go ! !
or the heartache of a woman &apos;s right to choose ?
warren needs to do some homework .
ms. klobuchar , i admire the work you do for our state and you are one of the very few politicians i respect !
mr booker maybe u should practice this .
senator schumer please vote no on all of the deplorable appointments of djt
i hope for sanders but if clinton pass it &apos;s too bad and go trump go
trump has only accelerated his madness .
i hope you run in four years senator !
kirsten , still think about old days at ibn .
it looks like a fascist feeding frenzy .
&quot; the most offensive thing steve bannon ever did was win the white house with donald trump .
oh yeah , you get lots of money from big pharma .
senator , i hope you will sign the bennet letter on the public option .
no to pipa and sopa ! ! !
please no hillary and bernie would be even worse
you make us damn proud .
debbie get it through your thick heads i don &apos;t want social security and medicare .
u.s. senator bernie sanders if you care about america .
i know too many people that we &apos;re forced to leave michigan to get jobs in right to work states to believe that .
violent democrats caused police and innocent bystanders to be physically hurt , not trump supporters .
oregon is the truth democrats stand for all the people in america thank you senator ron wyden
by not attending the inauguration !
thank you , sen donnelly !
i hope so too mr. brian schatz ! !
you &apos;re one of the few bright lights in congress patty .
its al sharpton , jesse jackson and the new black panther party ! !
i love hillary and i wish her success i will meet them
great job amy , the women in my life thank you !
sorry amy but the president is not a truth telling person and minimum wage is not good and immigration the way it is happening is illegal .
shutdown is that it &apos;s strangling democracy and legitimate democratic processes .
senator klobuchar : i &apos;m a mn voter and # imarch for innovation today .
thank you schumer .
you &apos;re on my shit list for approving all of trumps cabinet members .
is she really walking both side here ? ?
tulsi you rock ! !
and to you and yours any season of joy is universal !
cory booker , we don &apos;t need to import drugs .
thanks for your service and loyalty to bernie sanders hi from denmark .
when mid terms come more democrats will lose their seats because they &apos;ve proven they will not do their jobs.rather than give this nomination the respect and dignity it deserves they obfuscate and attempt to block progress by just abdicating their roles .
rep cleaver there are fundraisers being organised foe the staff and employees of jjs .
senator klobuchar has so much corrupt money in her back pocket that talking is the only thing she is allowed to do .
thanks for all your fine efforts , amy .. we appreciate you !
enlist every progressive representative to offer up such articles ....
instead of independent testing of new drugs seeking fda approval and the results of those tests being the property of the fda , we have drug companies paying for their own testing and owning the results .
hillary is a criminal .
great job amy klobuchar for all you do .
perhaps the best-known economic research firms are ihs global insight , macroeconomic advisers and moody &apos;s economy.com.
congratulations kamala .
# pharmabro cory booker sipping from the same septic tanks as the rest
thank you for defense of this much needed healthcare outlet for women !
racist john lewis will not accept any white president as legitimate .
boycott trump ...
thank you and happy thanksgiving to you and your family
li-mei situ thank god for elizabeth warren
thank you frank for your comments .
donald j. trump is the only person i know to file bankruptcy and become a millionaire again .
really not surprised , but am very relieved to see you voting against so many of these unqualified and backwards thinking cabinet picks .
more lies from stupid democrats , al franken !
i wouldn &apos;t say donald trump is &quot; one step &quot; from the white house , but i just won &apos;t be shocked anymore if he gets closer and closer to it as the next few months tick by .
thank you beto you the man !
senator murray , this is very concerning to those of us in sw washington .
not a trump fan but you haters are unreal
you are on the right track , rep. pelosi !
franken ? ? ? .....
wow that sounds like what the pharmaceutical companies have been saying .
way to go , senator patty !
endorse hillary and genuinely work to see she is elected # potus45
i like her she &apos;s one tough lady !
minneapolis has a 28 % graduation rate for native americans .
congresswoman bonamici , i am so very concern about syria and about our part in this .
i think we should all mail letters to the white house addressed to djt starting the day before his inauguration stating that we want to see his tax returns .
but hopefully ms. warren will run in 2020. we need her !
i will never accept trump as anything other that a racist , bullying , demagogue .
patty , we will be watching you with friends , neighbors , relatives , community organizers and many more , when you deliver and frame all the issues from a democratic / progressive point of view .
shoshana , gun control laws didn &apos;t work in this case and they won &apos;t work ever !
i love what you stand for elizabeth warren but you should have run now we will have trump as president # noexcuses .
thank you so much for all that you do , senator warren .
what about mnuchin , price , mulveany , pruitt and pulzer ?
you and many other democratic senators ( including cory booker ) were on facebook live this same week disgusted with the republican efforts efforts to repeal the aca and defund planned parenthood .
donald trump has only brought more voters for republicans that has not questioned how the wall will be built , how will he force mexicans to pay for it .
no , hilary has that &quot; first &quot; sewed up .
your many years of service to the state of oregon and all the things you have accomplished starting with the grey panthers should be a signal to the rest of the senate of what a good senator is !
this is a wonderful program that impacts community in many ways .
senator bennet i agree this is shameful behavior of a us president .
wish you were coming to grand rapids ... booker 2020
colleen - i sent those in an earlier thread ... patty - i listen to the chief of police of el paso
debbie , you must vote against every damn one of his hateful cabinet posts .
it &apos;s doubtful that syria and its international supporters will take the punishment and leave it at that .
please help us ( usn , 2002-08 )
i love jeff merkley so don &apos;t take my post wrong .
there founders never imagined assault weapons and giant magazines .
i honestly don &apos;t get al jazeera america .
typical amy talk talk talk and say absolutely nothing .
hillary will do what &apos;s popular / established and not what is right / progressive ; for example , being initially against gay marriage and not releasing her speeches .
thank you , thank you , thank you , senator gillibrand !
per the fda - frank pallone put &quot; extreme pressure &quot; on the fda to approve a device that scientific research found to be unsafe .
big disappointment , mr booker .
she &apos;s a great senator for minnesota !
why did you receive nearly $ 300,000 from big pharma ?
you are the best amy , some of you people are really not very smart !
i agree , but i will not stoop to voting for hillary to keep a trump presidency from happening .
thanks for representing the middle class far away from you .
perhaps maloney supports new york values .
just focus on making sure hillary or whoever is the democrat candidate beats him .
polls show bernie sanders wins the general election against trump by a landslide .
happy birthday tulsi !
you should have backed u.s. senator bernie sanders , and we wouldn &apos;t have this mess .
lewis need to sit his tired butt down .. let trump do his thing .
amy , what do you mean &quot; gridlock serves nobody &quot; .
mahalo for your commitment to peace , especially while representing us in d.c.
senator franken , i hope you also agree that congress needs to take an actual , binding vote on military action ?
the country , and sen. elect tammy duckworth ! !
change your gun laws now !
the best way to fight trump being prez is if you were on the ticket with sanders .
a little poem come to mind lizzy warren to an axe and gave hiliary 40 wacks
elizabeth warren , why is no one talking about the runaway student interest and 27 million americans drowning in debt with no remedy available ?
hey kirsten , i could use some more water , some sandbagging , gas ...... what do you really have the authority of doing besides putting your name out there showing that you care ....
love you and have read all your books .. i believe in you elizabeth warren ... but bernie .. really ?
that does not make him racist , blm is racist
thank you senator schatz for doing such an incredible job !
a peaceful march to make a point serves just as well .
our bridges and infrastructure are falling apart ... as an architect this scares me that they are so careless ... do they want a repeat of the 35w bridge collapse ?
i wish sherrod was my congressman .
attraction and sexual chemistry between male and female therefore is the normal and natural requirement for procreation .
glad to hear this - now the four to six week wait for mental health services for red lake and beltrami county needs to be addressed .
cory booker in 2020. in the meantime , democrats need to join together to push our agenda .
how about having the facts before making accusations like that ?
you are a coward to vote against lower cost drugs .
they do not represent the people tammy , you do !
we need to clone al franken .
and if anyone is guilty of inciting riots , it &apos;s been at the hands of democratic protesters , not republican supporters !
it mystifies me why you would support another public option , oregon already has one ( the oregon health plan ) and a federal program will only increase costs and reduce the availability of services .
how does one apply for subsidies ?
i am grateful you are fighting for this .
please cite the legislation that attacks women &apos;s reproductive rights .
oh ... and senator murray you most definitely have my vote and from what my daughters tell me ... their vote too .
after attending pallone &apos;s town hall meeting during the health care debate , his &quot; i know better than you &quot; attitude energized me and a similar minded people to look to retire mr pallone after his 22 year run in congress .
thanks for all the good work you do , amy .
thank you , sherrod , for always being there for us and continuing to stand consistentr for what is best for us and the country whether in the state legislature the sec of state office , or congress .
# feelthebern # sanders2016
i &apos;m thankful to have sherrod brown serving in the united states senate !
i am not a fan of e warren , but this is gracious , thoughtful , civil and in the best american tradition .
scotus &apos; ruling on generic pharmaceutical liability must be changed .
this means we can get a prescription filled for birth control and pay for it .
again our safety trumps privacy .
not all americans are stupid sheep mr. booker .
why is the electoral college still needed ?
thank you senator amy ..
many dems need to go too !
how do we deal with voter suppression laws in an alt-right country ?
ms. murray , i would like to know what we as a nation can do to stop these senseless acts of violence in our schools .
dear elizabeth , i dont think you should be used by the president like this .
before i was fired for filing a civil rights complaint against my manager , i was making $ 13.43 to do a job where the safety of the public was quite literally in my hands .
ms warren - - thank you for your service and sentiment ! !
the us military gets paid less than civilian workers civil-service and workers police and all of congress all of homeland security all of the employees at the white house , and the useless tsa &apos;s who violate people civil rights every day and get away with it .
instead of respecting the results and uniting us , it &apos;s ignorance from people of your position inciting intolerance .
are you getting behind the bernie sanders proposal : http : / / www.politicususa.com / en / bernie-sanders-citizens-united
but right wingers would undoubtedly insist on epistemic closure , so we would be unlikely to agree on how to score the examples .
but you are ignoring us with your super delegate support of hillary .
i have zero faith in the herrera woman .. i turn to you and ms. cantwell to be in the women &apos;s march instead ! !
but doesn &apos;t chicago have tougher gun laws than what your proposing yet they have the highest gun violence in the nation ? ?
why do you think washington state overwhelming supported sanders in the primary ?
looters and protesters are two different types of people .
trump and clinton are the two worst candidates ever .
we are in this together senator warren !
i care equally for all my friends regardless of their sexual orientation .
then only to get slapped in the face with racist groups funded with government funds .. gov.hassan and shaheen need to find the exit door along with a few other politicians that have no faith in america !
i &apos;ll take my chances with trump and see hillary go to jail .
this is martin richard , 8. he died in the boston bombing yesterday .
my only concern is trump &apos;s vindictiveness .
same to you al
see boston marathon bombing .
i will accept that &amp; debbie u are welcome !
when you have limousine liberals and wall street cronies advising the president instead of academics and economists , you get shit for reform .
please continue fighting for all americans &apos; well being .
by attending you surly are not representing me .
kyrsten didn &apos;t you vote for the shutdown ?
chuck jones , president of united steelworkers 1999 , let it be known that trump exaggerated when he claimed saving 1100 jobs at carrier .
happy mother &apos;s day to all the women who have aborted their children ; )
oregon is so lucky to have him !
illinois is proud to have senator durbin represent us in d. c .
congressman pallone - other ways to help the community might include keeping bank of america solvent .
ma &apos;am , i appreciate your work on sopa , but this needs your attention also- http : / / www.salon.com / 2011 / 12 / 16 / three _ myths _ about _ the _ detention _ bill /
http : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = 6uaqosua7ta and see part seven of dr. jones &apos; lecture on this subject of nano-thermate http : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? nr = 1 &amp; v = jugo0xh6olc 911 dr steven e. jones - science and society - part 2 of 8 as of apr 22 , 2011 http : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = gamxfslhajm http : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = f4y5oddq5yu &amp; nr = 1 http : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? nr = 1 &amp; v = pasb5-kckvq http : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = yjaqqui5okm &amp; nr = 1 http : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = y3ogtm _ dozq &amp; nr = 1 http : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = scy8c9thrty &amp; nr = 1 http : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? nr = 1 &amp; v = jugo0xh6olc http : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = kniuic2lys4
congressman , i &apos;m wondering if you can tell me what &apos;s been happening to the salaries of the oregon delegation during the shutdown .
fabien lloyd
you cannot take large contributions from drug companies without smart voters questioning your motives .
senator ..... as a dem i expect you to be as divisive as possible !
you vote against bernie , you vote against us .
clinton loses to trump most national polls , and sanders beats him !
wouldn &apos;t it be nice to live in a world where we didn &apos;t need inspirational quotes to make it through the day ?
once again , mark elia , like frank pallone demonstrates &quot; do as i say , not as i do &quot; .
elizabeth warren you a true patriot of our great nation ! ! ! !
doesnt matter biy boy , girl girl , boy girl , white black purple or green .
while in the dead of night you voted against lower drug prices for average americans .
i hope sanders supporters will support hillary when she is the nominee , so we do not end up with &quot; an extinction level event &quot; , the election of a demagogue that is donald trump .
go for it kirsten .
i think the answer to all these problems senator gillibrand , is already well under way .
or preserving her progressive heart in hopes of her own future presidential run , one that won &apos;t pit her against hrc .
thank you senator booker for the beautiful positive words for today .
ban assault weapons now ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i hope it passes , for our men and woman need better housing medical and mental care , and to be treated right , the vet should also be able to go to any hospital , for treatment with out having to go to a v.a.
and thank you amy for being our champion in congress - not to mention your sterling speech at the convention .
thank you for doing &quot; the right thing &quot; ... shame on those who don &apos;t follow your lead on this ... god bless you tulsi !
the economic impact to the state due to its implementation of marriage equality will be a positive one .
thank you for your thoughtful service to our great state !
you should have endorsed bernie from the beginning .
it is troubling because we know this fascist has a foot in the door .
ya cause hilary is a better option .. you people need to stop drinking the kool-aid ..
ms. warren , i love you .
thank you so much , congressman cicilline , for this ...
hey tulsi , glad you are here with us !
no oregon water should be bottled for corporations to sell !
kkk is a democratic thing .
debbie , snyder and his folk have a one way plan for our state .
i also support legislation banning insider trading practices by congress .
you must vote against the dark act which is the biotech industries attempt to restrict knowledge about gmo foods .
i &apos;m so very glad you &apos;re our senator !
my support continues , happy holidays to come .
we &apos;ve been falling behind other countries in education , and raising college loan interest rates isn &apos;t going to encourage more legal citizens to seek higher education .
please , you &apos;re overreaching with rhetoric as trump is far from being a racist .
if the tpp goes through we can kiss our economy goodbye .
actually , there is someone better ... her name is jill stein .
what you got is a guy who denigrates women , insults humanity , refuses to denounce the kkk , married three times , files for bankruptcy four times .
i am so disappointed in you claire .
it is sad that the real leadership and substance in bernie &apos;s campaign is being overlooked by everyone in favor of a radical blowhard and politics-as-usual friend of wall street .
currently , like it or not , hillary is leading nationally in votes , delegates and a decent number of polls .
if trump were talking about something beside hate , racism and building a wall maybe i &apos;d listen to him but he is not .
i &apos;m trusting you , senator .
patricia was the first latina in the minnesota senate .
why do we have electoral college and not just count the votes .
so proud of patty .
hillary and bernie are also on the same playing field meeting with al sharpton which is the polar opposite of the kkk .
my only serious concerned is russia hacking our election system , seriously undermine our democracy .
seniors especially need you to speak up for us .
since when has this been a concern of yours , ms. murray , in a state that added , two years in a row , a dollar per pack tax on a pack of cigarettes ?
.. keep on girl !
rip , and sincere condolences to kim and family .
and &quot; black lives shattered &quot; refers to the triad of laws by bill clinton in the 90 &apos;s that crushed black communities , laws that were pushed 100 % by hillary .
lets get fired up and begin work on the 2020 election .
freight trains are thriving in minnesota .
i would love to see you as hillary &apos;s vp .
what &apos;s truly bizarre is that warren is not on comedy central .
thank you so much for representing mn with honor , sanity and respect for everyone !
funny how the topic of gay marriage brings all the religious right wingers out spouting some of the most intolerant , crude , bigoted , spiteful and malicious remarks that fly in the face of the very values they are supposed to exhibit through their actions .
i am with you ron .
well i want to wish you too a very happy birthday to you
trump could nominate hillary clinton to his cabinet and you &apos;d vote against it .
how do we get other democrats to stand against these nominees who want to destroy the best of what the government does ... protect our civil rights and the environment and our health .
i hope you can go after all the people who had support for the kkk https : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = _ iulffcy2 _ 4
thank you congressman lipinski for working with the bipartisan group to solve this major problem .
why is warren the only sane politician ?
elizabeth warren is a disgusting pig .
republicans didn &apos;t even try in this race , seriously a guy who thinks mn should have its own currency
all the polls say bernie is our best shot at beating trump .
keep fighting the good fight ron .
fuck that shit .
dr. king would be disgusted by your voting against cheaper prescription drugs .
did you but amy popcorn or did you get it for free , like a good liberal
donald trump is about to be our president , like it or not .
we will have to arrange a protest or march .
pallone is just like obam , absolutley lost .
why is elizabeth on the side of the bad guys ?
thank god for catholic charities and their food pantry or i would have been dead .
my thoughts exactly ... thank you cory ... paul ... this is for you
we know who gives you money cory and no matter what you say we know that they are bribes .
my respect for you continues , mr. yarmuth !
booker for president .
al gore had to more than once .
i &apos;m curious al what you doing with all the special interest money you and your fellow democrats are lining their pockets with ?
thank you senator brown !
my senior friends say they &apos;d struggle to make ends meet if medicare were a voucher program .
insults john lewis on mlk weekend , bans refugees on holocaust memorial day .
i have to agree with sen. warner .
hr 34 , the 21st century cures act .
the banks treat me like i &apos;m a drug dealer laundering money .
thank you senator al franken &amp; president obama .
well i am outside new hampshire but i have family and friends there , so i hope i can wish you happy birthday also .
please fight to protect the environment elizabeth warren !
thank your advocating for all of us in oh&apos;
iraq refused to compensate kuwait for the looting and destruction caused by iraqi forces in 1991 .
we love you here in nj .
heres whats real , you hung bernie out to dry !
tell the senate to get busy confirming nominees - ag , surgeon general and judges !
thank you for being so active with us , i for one appreciate the efforts you make .
i am so proud to call myself a minnesotan ( and i say that as a transplanted new yorker ) and thank you for all your deep commitment--you speak for the vast majority of americans who support these important efforts .
we , as a modern , democratic society , need not allow our citizens and children be held hostage by archaic words taken out of the context they were intended for .
my grandmother used to tell me about when women won the right to vote .
please do yours as an elected official , help me keep my kid safe .
bernie is a good man but a vote for bernie is a wasted vote .
senator mcconnell &apos;s behavior is unamerican and senator sessions history of hateful actions is unforgivable .
not afraid to defend core progressive values .
albert i don &apos;t know who youare but educate yourself before spewing your hate on facebook !
i went to buy pinworm meds for my kid once .
when i entered the work world in the mid 70s , a woman made 74 cents to the male &apos;s dollar .
carole rodgers conklin , brighton , mi
i am left to conclude that the money you receive from big pharma has influenced your position , to the detriment of your constituents .
happy new year to you and your family senator .
the banking laws need changed so legalized growers can put money in the bank .
not attending represents standing up against hate , bigotry and dangerous conflicts of interest .
inspirational quotes feel flat .
and all of minnesota would vote for you .
steny , southern maryland needs action now .
may that love remain always in your heart .
you should be taken of your job and degree because your a worthless person to not give a care about the students of heald in fresno ca your selfish
i &quot; m proud to have voted for you , and will continue to do so .
thank you patty , i so enjoy you and rob waving to me as you walk by when you are up this way .
perhaps if you took fewer campaign contributions from pharmaceutical companies you would do a better job of representing us .
unfortunately , and you must know this : dt will be the puppet president that w was ...
elizabeth , i think now is the time to talk about gun control .
thank you senator kaine for representing virginia so well during these hearings .
please run in 2020 🙏 🏻 as in- for president 😘
betty - your assertions have no value unless you can back them up with something , such as evidence or logical argument .
fyi people , sen wyden has not ruled out offering to cut ss and mdcr .
how lucky your state is to be represented by you !
you support fracking and crooked hillary !
make assault rifle ammunition very , very costly .
another progressive sell-out .
i am asking that you three fight to continue our work to help mitigate the impending climate crisis for the good of our economy , our agricultural systems / fisheries , and overall environmental well-being .
thank you , earl , and everyone else with you for your sanity , your co.passion , and your principled stand .
the entire world is mocking trump and his supporters .
he is no friend to women &apos;s rights , education , and equality .
keep going amy , your on the right track for for sure , thanks for all you do !
i went to the medical staff twice in mid july only to be given a one-minute ekg test and powerful meds without proper diagnosis .
which effects minnesotans more than trump .
great job kamala !
thankyou for all your hard work rick .
between that and the st lawrence seaway , when fukushima &apos;s deadly radiation is finished circulating through all of the oceans it &apos;ll creep into the great lakes and poison those , too .
you disguest me by claiming that this is equality .
please call on the electoral college to vote against trump &apos;s coronation and call for another vote in february .
canada has cheaper prescription drug prices due to the fact they don &apos;t kiss pharmaceutical companies asses as we do here in america .
thank you , congresswoman mccollum !
a career in pharmaceutical sales after politics , mr. booker ?
if canadian drugs were unsafe i think canadians would have figured that out long ago , wouldnt you agree ?
and we also have to suffer for the lack of responsibility that corey booker took to see that the american people can afford their life saving drugs .
see tammy duckworth if you want an example of that .
where are all the decent police officers who shuld be condeming this corwardly action ?
she is a true war hero and citizen and will represent the people of illinois and we here in wisconsin will donate to thank her for her service to our country !
you lost my vote in 2020 .
there are lots of choices in between his .... and they don &apos;t involve killing more people .
this is what is wrong with liberals and people like debbie and carl who promote this type of bigotry .
derek and family .
all time favorite teacher , greg crosby at marylhurst back when it was still a college , now a university , oregon .
moral outrage is a somali refugee stabbing a dozen people at ohio state university .
mr. thompson , you are my representative in congress and i want you to please remember that the pearl high school shooting was with a rifle typically used by deer hunters when you talk about the need for gun control to prevent school gun violence .
----------------------------- defenseless people rounded up and exterminatedin the 20th century because of gun control : 56 million .
please elizabeth warren , endorse bernie sanders for president of the united states .
jim that is so funny , if only pallone would have another town hall we could have a reunion and meet up in person !
have a great new year congresswoman frederica wilson - thanks for all you do !
i.e. , when you refused to endorse sanders .
thank you , congressman brown .
get rid of the archaic electoral college !
5. political movements that are funded by secretive corporations and managed by corporate-hired manipulators who dissemble about their sponsors .
don &apos;t for a ny minute utter any concern for the american worker because the facts show you just don &apos;t care .
i am so worried about the future of our democracy .
i wonder what mlk would think about the new democrats and the &quot; compromises &quot; from the 90s that devastated the poor and middle class ?
thank you mr. cleaver .
please keep fighting for us , and resist the # swampcabinet
i &apos;ve not forgotten your recent vote to deny importation of prescription drugs from canada , however , i hope you will redeem yourself by opposing this potus .
blm was started and funded by the democratic party .
called rick lillemo and said &quot; remember this name .
happy holidays to you and yours , al !
luckily boston is a tough city , has senator warren and man those marathon runners kept on running for 2 more miles to donate blood , restored my faith in humanity .
you ( and senator klobuchar ) make me proud to be a minnesotan .
elizabeth warren bboooo wished the pats had lost the super bowl yesterday !
i fully support your decision , congresswoman pingree !
a black congresswoman ( this would be sheila jackson lee , of houston ) , reportedly complained that the names of hurricanes are all caucasian sounding names .
you have gone off the deep end ... must be in the water democrats drink
# stillsanders # bernieorbust # demagainstclinton # notwithher # leavingtheparty
lets also address rental trucks like timothy mcveigh used , and kool aid like jim jones used , and lastly let ban high capacity airliners like we &apos;re used on 9 / 11 .
if you don &apos;t want trump in the white house , you should endorse bernie .
thank you so much for all your hard work for our veterans .
incredible progress is being made !
if we didn &apos;t have the highest corporate tax rates in the developed world we wouldn &apos;t have this problem nancy .
i am just thanking the good mr larsen for voting no on a continuation bill which would have continued the needed health care for us veterans and their disability pay while this shutdown is occurring .
) , at least use proper english when you &apos;re spewing inchoate rants ... you &quot; re the joke !
let people who wish to marry do so , but let &apos;s even the playing field of rights in other ways .
my husband us currently battling cancer and his prescription medication totalled $ 149,000 last year .
no waiting as schumer wants to do .
it &apos;s going to take more funding for al to continue this fight .
@ mel nel again , the republican party and the democratic party have switched places .
you had a chance to endorse the most progressive candidate since fdr ( bernie ) and you looked the other way .
thank you betty !
other countries aren &apos;t trapped : they can either produce generics or else force pharma to allow them to sell branded drugs into a price-controlled market .
voting for someone because of their race makes you racist .
someone has to do something about drug companies
ayers participated in acts of violence against property , property that had symbolic value .
thank you ms warren
funny , the lobbyists for big pharma make the same &quot; safety concerns &quot; argument almost verbatim .
all violence is the extreme disrespect for the rights of another .
trump &apos;s running a scam and it &apos;s working .
statistics from four united nations studies show 40-47 % of bangladesh women had been subject to domestic violence during some period of their life .
the dnc should start working on getting all women votes in 2014 and 16. republicans are still waging a war on women !
someone is talking as if they will be bernie &apos;s vp .
it was hillary &apos;s &quot; secret &quot; world that lost her the election .
go senator jeff !
please block his cabinet picks also .
earl , maybe you can do something about the gun shows and easy access .
that &apos;s * my * congresswoman !
go back to your reservation liz
cory booker the fake progressive .
he sounds like an instigator of hatred , disaster and terrorism -- connie
tell it like it is mr booker !
i am an oregon and curious about who read this bill and who did not .
thank you , leaders !
police are doing a good job if they calmly protect protesters from the danger protesters have caused for everyone ... because of the massive offense of mixing policing and race .
senator murray , keep fighting for what is right .
i am am irish catholic and just want peace and a steady paycheck
amen to that elizabeth warren !
i find it curious that to today after a &quot; crooked &quot; election his surrogates that have for the past two years spewed trump &apos;s divisive insults &amp; distortions are now hypocritically talking about their concern to bring everyone together !
it &apos;s not fair cory !
elizabeth warren rocks !
i like her the way she is , she is for women &apos;s rights .
hopefully bernie can steal the democratic nomination from hillary .
the unnecessary and outdated electoral college ? ? ?
thanks kirsten but i &apos;m pretty sure that doing 82mph on a 30mph curve was the issue here .
thank you congresswoman jackie speier , congressman bruce braley , and congressman patrick meehan .
facebook is not letting me share any of bernie sanders or elizabeth warren &apos;s posts
you voted no on the bill to import medication from canada which would have lowered the cost of medication for all americans through competition .
i know you &apos;re intelligent and progressive too .
polls show him doing better than hrc against trump in the general .
hey uneducated liberal dumb asses it &apos;s not the worst mass shooting in american history
lizzy lies .
bernie or hilary can beat him but may struggle with others .
hillary for president , elizabeth warren for vice president , an unbeatable ticket .
i wish elizabeth warren were running for president .
it would have been a lot easier if you had endorsed bernie sanders long ago , but you can still correct your mistake ... and potentially guarantee victory by being on bernie &apos;s ticket .
you people in the house of representatives need to wake up and realize america is behind bernie sanders and believe his way is the right way .
thank you for your years of fighting .
please keep up the great work , senator ron wyden ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
my favorite part is the democratic party has no problem backing a woman who is being indicted by the fbi ... under investigation ... yea she should run a country ... not
fuck the supreme nazi court .
examples : eyeglasses that are $ 99 retail but charged to the insurance company for those on ew at $ 180 because it is what the contract allows .
keep fighting betty .
bullshit .
in december 2008 , we reported that ellison went on a pilgrimage to mecca that was paid for by the muslim american society ( mas ) , a part of the us muslim brotherhood closet to the egyptian organization .
keep wallowing in your own toxic stew of hatred and insecurity ... see what that gets you .
with the rapid and alarming escalation of individual hate crimes i feel deeply concerned about the president elect &apos;s first appointment .
senator warren , it is pathetic that you use an act of terrorist violence as a reason for partisan politics .
i would like to look into stephen bannon i don &apos;t support hate of any race .
thanks amy you &apos;ve been an angel trying to help mn .
remember also her close ties to robert byrd , a grand kleagle of the kkk .
pepsi commercial - i loved the message !
look at ca , ny , chicago , ma , all have lots of gun control and their crime is worse than ours .
you took more money from big pharmaceutical than just about any other senator .
happy thanksgiving al to you and your family as well !
it now needs to pass its own civil rights bill allowing marriage equality to be the law of oregon , and therefore become even more incredible than you already are .
nah - i was lurking the whole time , work has gotten quite hectic the past month with global deployments of it stuff ... colleen - i never mentioned the will nots , that &apos;s the trick of society &quot; to promote the general welfare &quot; and turn the will nots into wills or cans .
i urge you and others to continue this fight and please block this and similar appointments !
i would appreciate it if you supported sanders sponsored bills .
safe travels home tulsi \ , , , /
it would be wise if you attended the inauguration .
the democratic party sucks and everyone knowns it .
liz here will be investigated once hes in office .
still haven &apos;t heard your explanation of why you sold us out to your wealthy corporate donors patty .
how can scott brown claim to be independent if he votes republican ?
u.s. senator elizabeth warren , please marshal the other democrats in congress to assist president trump and the republican leadership in getting their legislative agenda implemented .
warren won her second debate !
paul and sheila would be very proud senator and so am i .
get it done , amy ! !
same to you kirsten but for it to be a happy new year it would mean i was finally getting out of the state of new york ! \
ms. warren , you have always been clear in your national analysis .
i believe that sanders will have a greater chance of defeating trump through nationally televised debates where trump &apos;s spurious campaign for the presidency needs to be exposed and come to a complete halt .
thank you for questioning her .
you &apos;re shill for pharma companies and a disgrace to your party and the senate .
can you talk some superdelegates into siding with bernie sanders ?
colleen - are you really that ignorant about how news organizations work ?
it was bernie supporters rioting and assaulting trump supporters in california .
simply amazing considering the non-stop investigations of both hillary and her husband , investigations that started back in 1993. maybe , by now , a hundred of them .
and then she voted against big pharma .
ct already has the 5th most stringent gun laws in the nation and it &apos;s own state level assault weapons ban .
mark pocan you &apos;re an asshole
we will anoint donald trump come january just as we anointed george w. bush - that &apos;s not democracy .
there are thousands and probably millions of women who are ready to mobilize and work for the next 4 years .
thank you senator warren for speaking out on behalf so many of us who are dismayed .
on this day i am so proud to be from montana , thank you for supporting this .
just banning the guns are not enough .. the quality of human mental health shroud be looked into.and ways and means adopted to eradicate such diabolically cruel attitude.these types if they dont get a gun will use some other weapon to do their inhuman acts .
but , please , there is a group of folks in ne oregon that are already being targeted .
please be honest with the citizens of minnesota .
too bad the minnesota house dfl couldn &apos;t muster enough votes yesterday to pass hf276--the we the people act--calling on congress to end the court-created doctrines of money equals speech and corporate personhood .
that &apos;s whats up al franken
sounds like the big pharmaceutical companies .
arizona is lucky to have you .
congressman , i &apos;m counting on you to fight for these essential programs and so much more .
so disheartened by democratic defections in favor of tillerson .
run for president in 2020 , please .
now it &apos;s not just a mentally ill president being racist and misogynistic , it is the leader of the senate !
chucks right shes a cancer to society
elizabeth warren is a certified lunatic ! !
thank you , senator murray for keeping us informed .
please senator gillibrand , i voted for you .
or charges 2000 % more than they should for prescription drugs .
so does this mean you and your fellow multi millionaire democrats are gonna dole out your wealth to us poor people ?
protests are needed now more than ever .
other than the fact the kkk has issued statements saying they support hillary 🙃
many , many thanks , senator gillibrand !
but why did you vote against gmo labeling ?
please use the power of your position to oppose mr. trump &apos;s choice to appoint stephen bannon as his senior advisor .
the gop in nh just passed a bill to unfund planned parenthood ... i pray our governor will veto the bill .
no country would tolerate the violence perpetrated by the palestinians and i believe israel &apos;s responses are tame compared to what we &apos;d do if mexico was launching missiles at san diego .
sanders has a better chance of beating trump .
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ dear lawmaker you must stop corporate inversion .
the senate ag committee voted to take away americans right to know if their foods contain genetically engineered ingredients ... do members of the senate not know ... that all of our american food companies label gmos overseas — for 60 % of the world &apos;s population .
thanks al from your friends at the fourth of july in eveleth !
it &apos;s time to relegate the neanderthal rifle association to the dust pile of history , and past time we join the civilized world and pass meaningful gun control measures .
wake the hell up michigan this is not about water this is about dictatorship http : / / voiceofdetroit.net / ... / pastors-community-leaders ... / &#91; &#91; share &#93; &#93;
the purpose of the electoral college , as you should know , is to prevent one area of the country dictating to the rest of the country how we live our lives .
sending sincere wishes for a speedy recovery .
a serious flaw in our mental health system exits because of the method medical and mental health professionals use to label individuals who exhibit symptoms of &quot; serious mental illness &quot; .
affordable housing might be the worst problem in new york city , actually .
not a damn thing ... especially the past 8 years .
amen elizabeth warren , you should run for president next time around .
you should have ran , sen. warren .
please , please endorse bernie sanders .
do something , congresswoman .
trump is a deceiver ! ¡ !
compared to hillary - he &apos;s a saint
just curious al if its so good why are you not going to take a big step and join the exchanges with us .
thought you were more intelligent than this , ms. warren
frank , you opposed the war in iraq even though congress approved of it .
i love jon stewart ! !
early intervention and recognition of mental health care is a responsible part of a civil society .
see the latest numbers dearie , 2007-2010 dems received almost 21 million , the gop almost 14 million from those corporate puppet masters .
last week , senate agriculture chairman pat roberts ( r-ks ) just introduced draft legislation intended to preempt states &apos; rights and kill state gmo labeling laws for good .
hey michael , maybe as soon as corporations like big oil , health , drug , ge , etc .. start paying taxes we wouldn &apos;t be in this mess !
that isn &apos;t gun ownership ... that &apos;s gun addiction .
time for you to go brown !
mlk would have appreciated if you had voted in favor of senator sanders bill to bring lower cost pharmaceutical drugs from canada .
how about you chair the united progressive party !
al , you were half-rate as a comic and now worthless as a legislator .
i think she should run right over to syria or one of the muslim countries and see how they treat women over there .
and yet you vote against a bill that would have lowered prices of prescription drugs because we would have been able to import them from canada you freaking ass clown
thank you for standing up with rep john lewis .
corey booker for president 2020 ! ! ! !
i thought she died : - ) looks dead : - )
thank you for your thoughtful vote !
what we are for is reining in the corporate excesses and greed .
i keep getting messages about trying to convince some in the electoral college to vote for hillary instead of donald .
love you patty murray ! !
&quot; will test the character for all of us &quot; - can you imagine if both democrats and republicans , for the first time in history didn &apos;t get in line and support the lesser of two evils and instead , morally objected via a protest vote against the two ?
the farm bill doesn &apos;t help small farms and amy your can stop lying to the people .
if the american people ever allow private banks to control the issue of their currency , first by inflation , then by deflation , the banks and corporations that will grow up around the banks will deprive the people of all property until their children wake-up homeless on the continent their fathers conquered .. &apos;
corporate puppet , you have as much respect as debbie ws .
patty - you &apos;ve lost my vote .
so hillary is the better option ?
who gives a flock what warren thinks .
since both party &apos;s have for all intents and purposes endorsed her , and since the dnc has engaged in overt corruption to bestow the nomination on her , we can reasonably assume that neither party will oppose her should she decide to start wwiii , or another war for oil .
keep fighting and thank you .
you do new york proud !
i &quot; agree &quot; that you should do your job and vote how your state voted rick !
elizabeth you are in no place to judge .
what &apos;s amy going to do about it nothing
cory booker &apos;s newark : the latest democrat scandal you haven &apos;t heard about------http : / / www.westernjournalism.com / cory-bookers-newark ... /
dear mrs. warren , i love you now ! ! ! ! ! !
i mean you warren and obama .
respectfully mrs slaughter , the democrats are the reason this confirmation vote was so close because you are doing anything and everything to obstruct the president &apos;s agenda .
thanks for sharing such a beautiful life story .
we need you more than ever- wall street , corporations , and the billionaire class don &apos;t- they have plenty of representation- we , the people , need you .
happy mother &apos;s day carolyn !
wonder how those wall street banks are doing after you bailed them out ?
we have all the confidence in the world you can do your job and do it right we are behind you 109 % you go tammy and do what you have to do our country is is serious danger ... thank you for your service diann okeefe
continue putting your hand out kyrsten .
then please elizabeth , do all that you can to ensure the delegates vote for the democratic candidate that their respective states voted for .
politicians have become so corrupt that decent people like warren won &apos;t even run for office ...... they know they are dead in the water ....
why did you vote against the import of drugs from canada ?
as our senator , you &apos;ve been doing a great job kirsten .
thank you , barbara lee ! ! ! ! !
pull your head out rick and support the real hope for the us !
go get elizabeth
rick is our sitting congressman .
best to you , jan , and thanks !
i am the vp of local afge 1456. thank you and again , congratulations !
dear mrs warren you are the only democrat i have ever supported .
go trump 2016 make america great again
that is why i am very proud to be from nj .
honestly there should be no talk about thge republicans when the democratic leadership is pulling any stunts they can to make sure hillary wins bowing full well the voice of the people is bernie !
not suprised that sen. klobuchar hires only the nest and brightest !
sorry elizabeth , he didn &apos;t do anything illegal .
if we were to wisely invest this money on modernizing our infrastructure and funding our institutions of learning , the return on investment would -- as history clearly demonstrates -- far exceed the currently low cost of borrowing .
because like you , i want someday to have family say &quot; my ancestors came to america and because of them i am grateful to have the life that i now have . &quot;
in the us today the central issue of our time is the grotesque income inequality between the top 1 % and the vast majority of wage earners .
it will be an honor to see carol sworn in ....
great job debbie , now make sure you vote no on fast track and see to it congress takes back their duty to negotiate all of this countries trade deals !
go cory go !
because of your vote my health care plan was canceled - a perfectly fine plan that you , mr. bennet , promised i would be able to keep under the aca .
however , i urge you to not make decisions on gun violence while in a fear mentality , rather decide what you feel is right while in a loving state of mind .
happy thanksgiving to you and your family , sherrod !
hi amy , i would love to hear exactly what the president has in mind for &quot; fairness &quot; across economic families .
shame on you and i hope the millions of people who voted for bernie continue to see your corruption and vote you out !
what a nasty woman
thank you for all you do , senator wyden !
hope it &apos;s a good day for you senator !
did you know that hobby lobby invests in the manufactures of the same contraceptives that they fought to keep their employees from accessing .
we need congress to pass real tough gun control .
kamala is equating anne frank to people who shout &quot; allah akbar &quot; before they start shooting infidels .
dear sir : what about that pharma vote ?
thank you so very much for fighting for us !
senator wyden , seems some folks forget that secretary clinton has not been the only one who used personal emails .
people are hurting with drug prices .
gmos have increased the amount of herbicides on our food , and independent scientists have linked the herbicide glyphosate , or roundup , a monsanto product , to many of the illnesses we face today , not just cancer .
no virtue in your silence endorse bernie sanders !
thank you and happy holidays .
happy new year senator and thank you for your service and all you do for the people of new york !
i agree we need to focus on mental health services for all .
210 million of 330 million americans didn &apos;t embrace either hillary or trump &apos;s hate filled visions of dystopian futures .
best wishes to you senator 😊
peace , harmony within our diverse demographics , equal pay for equal work , free and excellent education opportunity for all .
i really wish you would have run u.s. senator elizabeth warren - you would have had my vote .
so you &apos;re a racist and the congressional black caucus is a devisive and racist group .
they came all the was from mn !
&quot; there &apos;s also a history of people staying quiet for too long &quot; like you are with bernie sanders ?
and thank you for everything you have done for the citizens of silver state and for the work you will continue to do .
mahalo and rip sgt scobie .
trump must never become commander-in-chief .
dear kamala harris , state of california attorney general : december 1 , 2010 los angeles , california 8 : 15 am .
great work mr franken .
thank you patty , i too relied on working full time , student loans and pell grants to get through school .
same for all handguns and wheel gun speed loaders .
so feel proud at the talent displayed when confronted with teleprompters and paid attendees .
trump is running a vanity campaign .
punk ass apologist
i love trains too .
cory booker please run 2020 we need you ! ! !
bannon represents the legitimizing of hate .
thanks for all you do on behalf of us 99 % ers !
&#91; d-nj &#93; sen. durbin , richard &#91; d-il &#93; sen. brown , sherrod &#91; d-oh &#93; sen. manchin , joe , iii &#91; d-wv &#93;
thank you for representing virginia with grace and conviction .
you tell him , elizabeth !
be extremely careful around these new appointees .
chuck schumer , you are a disgrace to new york .
2 ) my best friend is a cpt in the nh air nat &apos;l guard and teaches me every day what it means to support the troops even if we don &apos;t support the mission .
i want you to be the democratic vp candidate .
pissed at clinton , pissed sat trump , pissed at warren and obama .
ty , patty .
clinton is potentially more dangerous than trump for the progressive agenda .
what a piece of shit you are schumer .. how bout you take those fake ass tears and shove them up your ass .
i am very happy to have sherrod brown as my senator .
mrs.murray , please do not attend this clowns freakshow .
amen sen. booker i say bring it ✊ 🏻
i do not understand your unilateral yes vote for trumps dangerous appointees .
how about championing wall street reform ?
governor dayton has proven to be one of our more effective governors in state history .
we are so lucky to have you !
dear honorable congresswoman judy chu , you are awesome .
the # bernieorbust movement is huge and growing .
thank you patty , for convincing me he &apos;s the right person for the job .
typical because in illinois it &apos;s chicago and that &apos;s it !
trump is an airhead .
i appreciate your explanation as i was pretty disturbed initially .
yes , i agree with you senaator u.s. senator elizabeth warren , so let &apos;s all support the candidate for president who includes all theses issues in his platform , u.s. senator bernie sanders !
but donald trump did not cause the behavior , or create the hate of those who targeted me &amp; carried out hateful actions against me .
thank you amy for wholeheartedly supporting this .
thank you for your leadership on this !
brown will lose .
you know as well as i do that the laws in place in ct are stricter than the bill proposed .
their strength through pain and adversity are an inspiration to us all .
trump &apos;s boeing 757 is worth more than senator warren &apos;s whole monkey family
as reported in the news , many senators have received millions of dollars by the nra to oppose gun control .
we now have the technology to count the popular vote .
congresswoman degette , what efforts are being made in congress to stop the assault on social security and keeping the program solvent ?
miss warren , , we the people need help from u long term dumocrats , , who are hell bent on destroying the usa ! ! !
happy winter solstice and happy new year !
hes my choice for 2020. sorry hes not a woman but he is the whole package
she could choose ew as her vp .
thank you so much senator van hollen .
they , even cnn was all over the lloyd story .
legal immigrants chuck legal your a lawyer you should know that !
gender violence is a mealy mouthed , politically correct wimpy word usage .
too many innocent people ( including children ) are being killed and subjected to a life of fear .
thanks amy but the congress as a whole has got to start putting the people first not their party and our president is inept .
shine the light on the tpp !
hillary and bernie are on the same side .
( i continue to muse about you and senator franken representing the 21st century , while the 6th continues to live in the 18th ! ! ! ! ! )
what say you to your vote against us and for big pharma ?
where were your tears when the terrorist were murdering us ?
america needs you now more than ever , jeff merkley .
thank you so much for your important questions , senator kaine .
c &apos;mon elizabeth , partner up with bernie and let &apos;s make history better !
join democrats together to provide a stong front against this appointment .
keep up the fight sherrod !
the nra did not start taking money from firearms manufacturers until the cities tried to sue them for firearms violence .
, please don &apos;t let the gop run the country and keep hard working blue collar folks down , that &apos;s all the gop tea baggers want .
the people of oregon are intelligent and we don &apos;t abide by shortcuts such as recalls to solve our problems .
strong work , senator warren ...
tulsi is one of many who could , and should , lead an organized progressive party .
i am grateful for your leadership .
good job patty !
trump and his ilk represent everything disgusting about this country .
happy birthday elizabeth warren .... thanks for being you !
bernie on the other hand has been climbing significantly in all of the state polls during this same time , even in the south .
i &apos;m not sure that asking a company to be a partner instead of a profiteer in regards to a humanitarian effort is quite as controversial as advocating &quot; cellular welfare . &quot;
your with us , right sherrod brown ?
how much did hillary pay you ?
happy thanksgiving dear al to you too and your lovely family .
how can you two hypocrites continue to show your faces at veteran &apos;s events ?
that &apos;s really cool amy .
as an employee and a afge union steward at tobyhanna army depot thank you for all your hard work
abortion is currently dramatically down because of women &apos;s increased access to reproductive health care .
bernie sanders had our hearts &amp; minds &amp; enthusiasm .
really , i could care less whether you boycott the inauguration or not .
very sad that you voted for big pharma .
equality should not be up for a popularity contest vote by the people .
thank you for your work , earl .
keeping weapons out of the hand of mentally ill people and criminals should be the highest priority .
i wonder if this woman realizes how naive she sounded today ?
amy , you and the rest of the leaders of this great nation should leave the internet alone ! ! !
run for president warren ! !
people eat moose , deer , fish , chickens , i see no animal activist protesting about those animals .
you are truly missed .
thank you senator gillibrand , et al .
prince was a dick &amp; a junkie , but bob is a great talent &amp; someone minnesotans can be proud of ! ✌
so kirsten , i &apos;ll ask / state again , how will this be paid for .
how dare you compare jewish settlers in israel to termites ! ! ? ?
reposting , repeating and sharing for warriors , anti-trafficking advocates and social justice change agents ... thank you !
we are a democratic republic .
wish elizabeth would of run !
it would be nice if senator sanders would disavow the zealots among his supporters !
warren ... you who claimed ai blood .
you &apos;ve always stood behind civil rights for every american , equal across the board .
i would like to hear patty &apos;s defense of her vote against importing prescription drugs from canada .
rip &amp; thank you for your service to our great state .
i will soon be sending a brief note to senator patty murray &apos;s washington state office , asking them to please review my blog contents and please reply .
peter welch---i hope you are not attending the inauguration ?
the psychos are going to be surrounding you , tammy .
there are so many illegal guns on the streets you won &apos;t make a dent with more gun laws .
in the weeks to come , we should not be afraid to ask why , when an ar-15 assault rifle is the one thing that &apos;s common to orlando , san bernardino and newtown , we allow these deadly weapons to be freely available ?
i love big waves ...... but when i think of calm ocean , big waves don &apos;t come to mind ..... it &apos;s more like the ocean is glass with just the tiniest of waves lapping on the shore .
california is the most heavily regulated anti gun state in the usa and it does not stop one criminal from getting and using a gun to kill .
bernie sanders marched next to mlk .
thanks , earl , for your courage in waiting literally five days before saying something about this tragedy .
rick , you along with many other representative always talk about the work you do on vet issues ... right after a scandal comes out .
encouraging to see that , but deeply discouraging to see that , &quot; and human activity contributes to it , &quot; was a bridge too far for the senate .
bernie got thoroughly robbed and there &apos;s so much proof .
wyden you have lost your mind ... i &apos;m turning in my blue card .
the world is fortunate to still have you , al franken .
so now , please officially endorse bernie ! !
thank you for your ongoing service and commitment , tammy !
thanks sen. klobuchar for keeping this issue in the news !
bernie sanders postponed his campaign .
cookies in usa more delicious than thai produce .
senator , thank you for continuing to fight the good fight despite all of the resistance .
amy &apos;s awesome , many congratulations to her : )
whenever you want to run for president , amy .
thank you for your courageous decision !
i am one who voted for trump for a multiple of reasons .
absolutely right , rep yarmuth
i also support laws against straw purchases and a ban on transporting guns across state lines .
kali - folks should also read frank rich &apos;s recent column - http : / / www.nytimes.com / 2010 / 08 / 29 / opinion / 29rich.html ? _ r = 2 &amp; hp and some of the history of right wing movements in the us , particularly about the american liberty league ( which rich talks about briefly in his column ) - http : / / coat.ncf.ca / our _ magazine / links / 53 / dupont-all.html
why are drumpf supporters on here defending that vile creature on this post .
advocating violence against peaceful rally goers is what this country has come to .
i will not stand still , our democracy has been stolen from us and i &apos;m going to fight as hard as i can to have democracy restored .
goofy ass pocahontas .
pallone is nothing more than a cheap liberal pol , who should be put out to pasture
happy birthday and thank u so much for fighting so hard for all us americans !
merry christmas al to you and your family : )
it &apos;s people like you , debbie wasserman schultz , and psychopathic hillary , a liar , a cheater and crook who made me decide to go demexit !
we need to be protected from price gouging big pharma .
and assault weapons ban !
you &apos;re doing a great job brian - thank you for posting .
i want you to be our first female president , but since you aren &apos;t running i &apos;m all for sanders .
funding for reproductive rights for women is in jeopardy and we need you .
elizabeth warren for president hillary rodham clinton &apos;s lesbian lover , eh ?
you should not have voted against bernie sanders &apos; proposed amendment to allow us access to pharmaceuticals from canada .
good for you i &apos;m canadian but i &apos;m very worried trump will get in what &apos;s wrong with america are they blind to what trump is doing
also make big pharma pay for their basic research now done through
she thought we in michigan might want to use our best asset to sell our state .
thank you to a wonderful woman who has contributed to breaking the glass ceiling--senator elizabeth warren !
thank you mr. brown !
and the clintons would have likely needed to promise a powerful favor to that dnc chair , something more prestigious than being head of the democratic party .
i &apos;m confused as to why you aren &apos;t bragging about selling out the 90 % of americans who support clear labeling of gmos on food products .
where are the rest of the oregon delegation on this ?
i am so very happy you , tim kaine , will be the next u.s. senator from virginia !
racism at its best .
you &apos;ve been great regarding this important , life and death issue !
amy and franken also worked to bring the threat to mn .
thank you earl for great support ! !
senator booker is a great man as well and trust your call on the vote ... regulating the safety and quality of these meds .. just the right thing .
i &apos;ve learned so much about sustainable farming , and the beautiful lands of oregon .
he &apos;s a winner to the racists and an extreme success at showing us who they are .
chuck you are a joke !
well put , al !
hillary is a horrible role model for girls .
thank you for your continued excellent public service and god speed your healing .
i advocate for unbs - universal newborn screening .
respectfully , u.s. senator al franken , more people stayed home than voted for trump .
doug hendrickson please note that most advanced industrial countries have already banned gmo agriculture and they have done so after careful studies
you need to stand up to pharma and walk the walk , not just talk the talk .
it &apos;s illustrative to note that ms. warren is using the same pejorative language to describe mr. trump that she is criticizing him for using in the first place .
thank you for educating and i forming the public about the atrocities of judgement happening inside and outside of hawaii .
uno feliz 2015
americans come in all colors , all sexes , all religions ( and no religion ) , all backgrounds , all income levels , all ethnic origins , all sexual orientations , all education levels , all ages , all mental and physical abilities .
senator chuck schumer what can we do on a local level with our elected officials ?
those teeth contain valuable stem cells that those people may need one day .
trying taking a social problems college class and your eyes will be opened .
as an employee , i had &quot; cadillac &quot; health coverage and a 5.00 co pay for prescription drugs .
amy , if you want to fix things why don &apos;t we start from scratch and get rid of all career politicians and start from scratch !
95 % of people want proper gmo labeling and you turn around and you let the pesticide industry write the whole thing .
minnesota is lucky to have you ... along with the rest of the country .
the electoral college is a rigged system .
it is your duty to attend .
i bet all those weapons sold to mexican drug gangs had high capacity magazines ... and who needs a barrett 50 cal to smuggle cocain ?
you know the truth ... you know that dumbass kid in ct didn &apos;t even use that ar15 .
betty - medicare advantage plans were invented by insurance corporations , supposedly to show how much more efficiently profit-seeking companies could be , relative to a government program .
ms. klobuchar , i am a conservative .
i &apos;m most looking forward to working my heart out for you in the 2020 presidential election .
so am i a bed wetting anti-war progressive dem also sharing psychic space with those war-weary isolationists ?
you and the corporate dems gave us trump .
senator booker , bannon has made no secret of the fact that he admires lenin and wants to destroy the government .
al , for your claim about the cost of the flight and the money raised to be true , the money raised would have to be less than half what it cost to put air force one up in the air .
d , a , b , c , - increasing minimum wage only drives up costs that eat up what they make .
i couldn &apos;t have said it better , senator schumer !
the electors themselves may want to do more .
a good win for michigan
then why in the world would you vote against a bill to lower prescription drug prices ? ? ?
boy , i would be right beside you but am taking myself to dc to do the women &apos;s march !
congratulatons tammy , i voted for you and i will stand by you whenever i can .
more than 120,000 innocent civilians have died due to his shelling and bombing .
love trump &apos;s hate .
thank you for your amazing service to families .
thank you for all that you have done for equality !
please endorse bernie sanders-a true progressive !
and you go , girl !
if you want to help distracted driving then endorse blue tooth driving only ... i have yet to see someone hanging onto a phone use a directional signal .
jon is in network called &quot; comedy central &quot; , yes ?
it is not about you ; it is about the peaceful transition of power .
bannon is a very dsheartening sign .
i &apos;m so proud to be a minnesotan !
i was about to harass you since you &apos;re my representative if you were for sopa .
please get in line with kirsten gillibrand and stand up for your constituents &apos; desires for the direction of the nation and our state .
but hillary is a better option ?
your characterization of the hobby lobby case makes the rest of your statement highly dubious to me .
chuck schumer you &apos;re fired .
throw your hat in the ring with bernie .
kamala harris , can you say &quot; class action lawsuit &quot; ?
can always tell the trump supporters by the language they use .
and if you really want to get in the weeds and die quicker with numerous health problems then please follow the direction of the fda and its eating guideline .
seriously , i &apos;ll take your seat at the inauguration .
i do not believe in forced membership or big union lobbying in washington as they are no different than the corporations , banks , and wall st occupying k street .
hold fast , kirsten !
maria guzman nieves
shamelessly pushing the &quot; equality &quot; button is just one more distateful big lie propaganda tactic that &apos;s been used by promoters of same-sex marriage for years .
thank you for all the work you are doing on behalf of young people regarding the student loan problems .
amy klobuchar and al fanken along with about 10 other minnesota super delegates thumb their noses at the will of the people .
you &apos;re so wrong , mr. schumer .
rose colored glasses , senator - but the thought counts .
so you punching a student is not violence .
you &apos;d be a lot better than that female dog who has it , now .
so you endorse corporations having the power to sue countries ?
sad to see so many respond with almost as hateful response as we are fighting against !
this is why we love you debbie !
so happy to have you as our senator !
patty murray : if you really represented the people of our state , as soon as inslee put a moratorium on executions ( against the will of those you are supposed to represent ) , you would have introduced legislation to block his actions , but you didn &apos;t .
there is a reason why the young generation is strongly supporting bernie .
trump but hillary has kkk supporters as well
now , about cops executing dogs ? ? ? ?
what about hillary rigging the election , the voting machines controlled by soros and all the illegal votes they found !
go patty go ! !
you think trumps big wall is free ?
elizabeth warren for u.s.
millions of americans can &apos;t afford their medication here , and you voted against lowering scrip costs for all of us 😠
warren is absolutely right , and the reason gov .
i will not vote for udall
love you louise .
you right al , when you don &apos;t work you don &apos;t get paid ! !
you are not at the women &apos;s march ?
good luck debbie - this republican-type thinks you &apos;re doing great !
silence will breed ignorance and violence .
thank you cory booker for working so hard on behalf of your constituents and all americans .
thank you for working so hard to get hcr !
don &apos;t think for a minute we didn &apos;t notice how much money you received from big pharma .
even the rnc was smart enough to back down , and support trump , we all know the dnc will not do the same with bernie ... so you wanted a republican .. we will give you the one we fear less ... trump .
i met her , and i met other women positively impacted by her life .
hello jim- ati hilscher here .... your post came into my facebook newsfeed - to my delight and happy surprise- i saw your post via bill maher - i &apos;m very pleased to see your political career and success .
your thoughts would be appreciated .
grow the fuck up , can &apos;t be any worse than the last 8 years .
elizabeth warren you bash trump and bring up john mccain while you are very fond of jane fonda .
thanks elizabeth for giving him a great start .
thank you , senator kirstin kirsten gillibrand , , ,
it &apos;s way over do sherrod we need to ban bombs !
wait .. i know ... • she does not support single payer because the insurance companies would lose money while being unable to make money from cancer and diabetes … same with big pharma .
elizabeth is the best thing to happen to washington in a long time !
can &apos;t believe you sided with big pharma .
why can &apos;t we change the electoral college system ?
thanks for bringing minnesota common sense to d.c. in a way that shows we can work together to get good things done on behalf of all americans .
sounds like you are a bernie supporter !
that &apos;s nice , but if you really are for renewable energy sources , you &apos;ve got to re-evaluate your stance on fracking too .
we progressives are still fighting .
her hate-filled rants lead me to believe that she needs mental health help .
having said that , please convince your democratic colleagues that playing nice is not going to work with this administration or the republicans in congress .
she has supported big banks for too long , and hasn &apos;t condemned them often enough .
i believe the amendment was to allow the reimportation of fda approved drugs produced in the us and exported to canada .
love you , elizabeth warren !
i am ready to be a mom in tennis shoes to do some serious doorbelling this fall , we support you 100 % !
you &apos;ll find answers , too , earl blumenauer .
cory booker , why do you take their money ?
i &apos;m very proud of the work you do for oregon , and when people complain about their people in congress in other states , i share what you do for oregon .
as michael jackson was about to sing on his world tour before his untimely death ! ! !
please amy get this done , cause yes we are sick of all the fighting , your great keep up the great job .
isn &apos;t our electoral vote already committed to trump ?
to the people who feel this way — including muslims , immigrants , women , african americans , the lgbt community , and people with disabilities — let me be clear : you help make this country great and you should always feel safe and respected here .
keep up the great work rick .
thank you senators stabenow and levin .
i know that senator merkley will also be voting no .
thank you los angeles times for her as your choice !
cory , you &apos;re full of shit .
perhaps it is you , dutch , who is &apos; ill informed &apos; .
i &apos;m hoping you do , too , senator michael bennet .
thanks for staying the course , rick , and supporting the only democrat in the race .
if it &apos;s sold ( and thus &quot; safe &quot; ) in the us , the pricy sold in canada and elsewhere is safe as well .
keith ellison you sir are an embarrassment to minnesota and the democratic process .
overwhelmingly supportive constituents are voting yes for warren !
we need a cheaper safer solution .
thank you for your efforts on behalf of minnesotans--and all americans .
bernie sanders or jill stein
the electoral college needs to go .
you shine like a beacon for all us ...
i know we have alot of patty supporters all ready but i &apos;d still would like to have patty materials to hand out .
this is a win-win for all of us &lt; 3
what was the cost of medical and affordability in the 1960 &apos;s vs. today ... and why did it go up so much in the us ? ..... government spending or subsidizing does not always equal positive results .
thank you , mr. ellison , from a woman whose maiden name was ellison , and proud of it .
warren 2012 !
this is just another reason why i love you senator warren !
i am impressed that elizabeth warren is willing to dig in there and see if she can work with trump .
mr cleaver i am confused .
for example - the warning for paxil : tell the doctor immediately if you notice worsening depression / other psychiatric conditions , unusual behavior changes ( including possible suicidal thoughts / attempts ) , or other mental / mood changes ( including new / worsening anxiety , panic attacks , trouble sleeping , irritability , hostile / angry feelings , impulsive actions , severe restlessness , very rapid speech ) .
minnesota also has a high rate of voter fraud , thanks to you and our corrupt sos and ag , marx ritchie and swanson .
brown used poor taste with his disparaging remarks about the attractiveness of elizabeth warren .
i am the current president-elect for the california association of school psychologists and i am interested in your position as well as dr. carrion &apos;s upcoming efforts to ensure that ab3632 county mental health support is ensured .
thank you for buying a prius that gets 1,000mpg but you overlooked the tiny detail that the 3,000 pound car was made from several thousand gallons of oil .
do you remember wickham court and the construction of a public housing development adjacent to a known superfund site ?
we elected trump to drain that , senator .
the facts do not bear this out and paying anyone less than their white male equivalent , based on race or gender is illegal .
oh , good luck with az &amp; marriage equality !
she &apos;s a woman with amazing experience .
senator murray , why did you vote no ?
keep fighting for montanan &apos;s , jon !
from this cougar thanks derek .
booker your a lying pos who sold his soul to the devil in the form of big pharma .
the gop in the senate , despite democratic majority , filibustered the bill , therefore requiring some gop support to attain the 60 votes needed to prevent usual gop obstruction .
don &apos;t just eat sen. bookers ass out all of these people that represent us need a reality check .
steve bannon needs to be stopped !
wonderful amy , i know you will do a great job .
thank you for caring deeply , listening closely and activating with might for all rhode islanders and those who serve in our armed forces .
( http : / / www.whitehouse.gov / photos-and-video / video / 2013 / 04 / 02 / president-obama-speaks-brain-initiative-and-american-innovation ) now , the khalifa bin zayed al nahyan foundationhttp : / / www.mdanderson.org / publications / conquest / issues / 2011-fall / khalifa-bin-zayed-al-nahyan-foundation.html helps but , we need the same for breast cancer and another cancers .
tulsi for vp
what a courageous woman !
frank p -- if you and i were to meet , i bet we would agree on a lot more issues than disagree !
patty , you have boehners phone number call him and tell him to cut the crap and vote for the 2 month extenion .
my best regards senator franken , please urge all other officials , the media , congress , the obama administration and all of the security agencies , to not overreact with over-sweeping ferver with what happened in boston today .
i cannot wait until your ass is booted out of office just like christine gregoire .
at first , tea party rhetoric was infuriating ... it &apos;s a 50 / 50 blend of ignorance and politically-infused rabies .
# stillsanders # jillnothill
you have shown some ugly , but true , colors -- as in green money from big pharma .
this is just a bs excuse for voting for the interests of big pharma and against the interests of all other americans .
please keep holding the pharmaceutical companies accountable .
however , your vote as a super selegate is supposed to mirror your constituents and i hope you will do them proud - half of them in illinois wants senator sanders to be the democratic nominee and so far 95 % of the super delegates from massachusettes have endorsed hillary clinton .
that &apos;s why you need to use your super delegate vote next week for bernie sanders .
thank you , al , for taking up this cause .
aloha nou .
well you should have stood for bernie when you had the chance , now you can sit around wishing you had .
this , among other reasons , is why i &apos;m proud to have you represent us !
i feel sorry for all you people that think killary or the bern would make a good president .
i &apos;m not sure there &apos;s a culture of dependency like they &apos;re drug addicts or something but there will always be abusers of the safety nets in order to dodge responsibility .
so proud that you are my representative !
looks like paul is the phony pallony point man.aka propaganda coordinator.did the white house send you paul to help out this stumbiling dieing campaign for frank or are you the dnc guy or just a devoted comunist / socialistic facist with no job or life ?
nice stats frank .
thank you , senator lautenberg .
senator booker , i appreciate your position on aca , and i want to believe you had a valid reason for voting against bernie sanders on drug costs .
love you elizabeth warren and i love the pats .
congrats , senator coons : )
what &apos;s important are the issues , and bernie did a great job of laying it all out .
sen schumer , i love in wny , have tried to wave and meet you .
it &apos;s your chance to shape the democratic party in a manner full of hope , inspiration , sincerity , honesty and patriotism .
i &apos;d like to see strong democrats in 4 years without so much controversy around them on the ballot .
if you , and other democrats don &apos;t stand up for the american people , and vote with your big donors , democrats are not going to win elections .
dear debbie , it really makes me feel that there is hope for the world when you fight for us .
i &apos;m still grieving elizabeth warren .
yes .... check out the gang rapes in germany .... coming to new york ..... thanks to schumer .
people in new york and new jersey are still without power .
rep. john larson , why have you supported hillary clinton over vice president joe biden ?
this is just more pork barreling and not even for oregon .
wish you would run , elizabeth !
gosh amy -- take some time off -- you &apos;ve got to take care of yourself just as good as you take care of us !
i am sorry you have also become a shill for corporate oil .
people far beyond new jersey will dig into our pockets to make up the difference .
i &apos;m tired of hearing someone i knew died overseas monthly since the year i left high school in 2003 , a hundred people , men mostly had been killed please amy do not vote to go to syria .
the outcry of voter fraud has been raised since 1964 when the voting rights act was passed .
so thrilled for you , senator .
there is one candidate that beats him in ever single state and national poll , and he is the same candidate not taking wall street money .
while many like mr. ellison claim islam is the religion of peace , they are quoting older parts of the koran .
can you assure funding for mental health care and assisting central city concern to provide housing for the disenfranchised ?
my other point is that i feel its hard to re-form a system with 300 million people who eat bad processed food and consume prescription drugs like we do .
peter you are appreciated !
is this simply gun violence or something more dangerous , like jihadi violence ?
it doesn &apos;t surprise me that so many bernie guys are trump supporters .
my hope is that the electorate will vote in the 88 races for congress and give either hillary or bernie the momentum needed to get the job done .
is this correct rick larson ?
congressman brad sherman has been spamming my email for years .
knock off your divisive bullshit already !
john lewis is a liar .
you had better stay in oregon .
but the anti establishment , anti war , pro equality bernie sanders .
vote hillary clinton !
because of you and senator schumer , i am not ashamed of my state .
you , shit for brains , are representing your ideals .
i have admired elizabeth warren for some time now .
well paul .. after further thought ... perhaps you are correct ... it does seem like &quot; magical thinking &quot; to believe that the crooks , liars and thieves in congress , like frank pallone , could be capable of doing away with their perks .
this is the basis of the frank and pauls &apos; socialist / regressive political welfare slavery state .
i don &apos;t like al franken , but at least this is a good idea !
congressman john yarmuth ( ky-3 ) , please call your senate colleagues about # curesnow !
thank you senator debbie stabenow !
thank you so much amy for taking this on .
senator warren - it would be helpful if you put your support behind bernie .
i lived in nyc for 10 years ; i am proud to call you one of my senators
elizabeth , we are counting on people like you to move this country forward !
everyone , quit buying nestle products .
dem landslide needed .
steve : yes , i will continue posting the best information that i receive-- but if you visit my twitter page , you will see all the minute-by-minute updates from various agencies and news outlets that i am reposting in real-time .
what about more vigorous prosecution and harsher penalties for those who commit gun crimes ?
&lt; 3 : - ) &#91; &#91; sticker &#93; &#93;
hap &#91; py day , debbie !
truth is liz , ur a dbag ....
there are 1460 days after the inauguration to fight trump .
please , senator warren , help us return our democracy and run for prez !
great job , sen. warren .
oregon is a gorgeous state , please keep it that way .
- laurie meeker , olympia wa
https : / / en.wikipedia.org / wiki / barbados ethnic groups ( 2010 &#91; 1 &#93; ) 92.4 % afro-barbadian 3.1 % multiracial 2.7 % white 1.3 % indian 0.4 % other / unspecified population • 2010 census 277,821 &#91; 2 &#93; ( 181st ) • density 660 / km2 ( 15th ) 1,704 / sq mi
sad that at 66 and being disabled , my medicare has been cut ... the reason from my worker is seniors are not catered to ... that blew my away .
stephen please remain poignant !
this will be the vote you will most regret having made when 2020 rolls around .
i &apos;m a neighbor of yours in ri , and i appreciate all your hard work !
blah blah .... wimpy democrats
please endorse bernie sanders .
ms. amy thank you for the post .
john lewis calling trump illegitimate is ignorant especially for a congressman .
thank you jackie for the good message .
congrats jerry brown .
then get off the sidelines and get bernie sanders nominated because hillary clinton cannot beat trump .
firearms are a tool that can and do protect human lives every single day ( indisputably ) .
congratulations and you &apos;re welcome .
mary landrieu ( la democrat senator ) jumped to kxl support to survive in louisiana politics - same way as her opponent bill cassidy .
although the fda slow process is frustrating at times , the safety of medications legal in usa is tremendously improved by their deliberations .
please keep fighting for this !
so i can afford buying my meds since you just screwed over the american people ...
thanks for the update , rick larsen : i will pass this on ...
yes , get your facts straight , before you say hateful things .
senator murray , i am sad and angry that the water protectors are being attacked by water cannon ( and dogs , and drones , and guns , and war tanks , and mace , and rows of militarized employees of governments ) .
i &apos;m reading the comments and the message is loud and clear , mr. blumenauer isn &apos;t very popular with the voters .
love you professor : ) thanks for all your hard work ! !
i approve of the job you &apos;re doing congresswoman speier .
andrew cuomo did more harm than good with the draconian gun laws he pushed through , confirming gun owners worst fears .
what is happening in america with trump and kids is frightening .
cory booker is an opportunist , he failed as mayor of newark , ran for a senate seat before even completing his term as mayor of newark .
the sad state of all this is that hillary is not much of a viable choice either .
the fact that big business pays fewer taxes than folks who get up and work everyday is also problematic and anyone ignoring the real terrorist possibilities of the kkk is problematic .
i put you in a special class with bernie and dennis .
i can &apos;t take you seriously when you are effectively owned and operated by the pharmaceutical industry .
thank you for your continued efforts to engage your constituency through social media .
thank you congressman yarmuth for keeping the good of your constituents and community in mind as you continue to work in washington .
a blatant , yet implicit , endorsement of bernie
happy birthday to one fabulous woman !
# silentnomore jill kranz , middleton , wi
arrest &amp; convict the governor of michigan for the flint water crisis , then make all residents whole again .
one lap at a right to privacy argument in front of a judge upon a challenge will hopefully &quot; hoist them by their own retard &quot; ( for any new veep fans : ) )
congresswoman slaughter , thank you for being my representative in the congress .
thinking of you both with wishes for a speedy recovery .
i heard a rumor she will outlaw all cannabis again .. unless she completely decriminalizes cannabis ... and releases all our cannabis pow from prison she won &apos;t have a chance ... cannabis is the issue americans care about .. it needs to be treated like tomatoes ..
first we had &quot; low energy jeb &quot; , then &quot; lying ted &quot; and &quot; crooked hillary &quot; ... now we have &quot; fake tears chuck &quot; !
love that amy klobuchar !
ptsd and fibro patients often pick cannabis as medicine most popular / effective , lets rethink prohibition .
cory 2020 we are there with you .
mr drumpf is a dangerous man .
elizabeth , i am republican .
we &apos;ve had animals be killed and i fear for the safety of my children ( and myself ) .
thanks , that &apos;s not just a bandaid , it will help get them on their feet.you have my vote against rossi anyday !
thank you for fighting so hard to keep the internet open to and equal for all .
barbara lee you are my hero !
was this because of the half a million dollars in donations you took from the pharmaceutical industry ?
do more than urge dhs , nancy pelosi .
keep up the fight , rick .
i admire you and your work ethics
brooklyn , arizona , nevada , rhode island , brooklyn , barbara boxer .. debbie wasserman schultz .... .... we know what connects these things , even if nobody will say it .
since the unions are the largest contributors to the political campaigns .
thanks for standing up for science , senator klobuchar !
seriously , trump supporters will never ever care what trump actually says .
the tpp will damage new jersey and the country
at this point , it would only create a divisive primary , and we democrats do not need that if we want to beat scott brown .
this is about equality for every american !
good job , girl !
instead he has colluded with the democratic party to destroy the black community from the inside out by lies and deception .
hey ellison , what you got to say about the 4 women burned to death in pakistan for refusing a contract marriage ?
lieawatha warren .
thank you for what you do for our veterans debbie .
rip senator kennedy
building this chemical in the brain via drugs is a bad idea : when those brain mechanisms are deprived of oxygen , they may become unconscious- in a conscious person !
i &apos;ve now voted for you twice , amy .
elizabeth warren , thank you for speaking up again and again .
i see you &apos;ve kick started right off on the drama train kamala harris ; are you sure you didn &apos;t do this in a previous lifetime ?
unfortunately our congresswoman has made the decision to put politics over integrity , party over community and her desperate need to appease president obama over her responsibility to her very large and loyal jewish constituency .
kaine , don &apos;t try to satisfy everybody ; be firm and resolute in your steadfastness for women !
thank you amy for helping to engorge the federal debt by more than $ 7,500,000,000 during your tenure .
chuck is a hypocrite .
a sanders / warren ticket would defeat all our fears !
then why not work with the sanders of the senate and actually get it right prior to the vote ?
just like you voting with big pharma against cheaper prescriptions .
keep fighting for what is &quot; right &quot; kamala .
rising above the personal attacks by brown , and focusing on the issues !
it doesn &apos;t look good , earl .
better than being a slave to big government and begging for progressive scraps
murray , i want a leader as my representative , not another politician !
thank you judy chu ! ! !
having been involved with negotiating and managing high tech international distribution agreements in other industries , i can say such models are standard in my area and almost certainly standard language with patented prescription drugs also .
please sign this petition asking electors of the electoral college to cast their ballots for hillary clinton when they meet on dec 19. let &apos;s affect change now !
thank you amy congratulations !
look , elizabeth warren , i would like to vote for hillary , considering the option , but someone needs to tell her that her choice of vp is crucial .
i just hope there will be a bernie sanders and elizabeth warren ticket come november !
you are scary as trump 👽 👽 💀 💀 💩 💩 👹 👹
thank you for being such a wonderful teacher .
warren is scared she will loose her job as people are starting to see the old senile looser she is .
vice president kirsten 2012
bannon is a white nationalist who wants to destroy our democracy .
sorry , booker , there &apos;s a thing called the internet , we &apos;re awake and we know bullshit when we see it .
look under your own nose , ms. senator and start with those from your own circle !
they manufacture voter consent employing corporate ad controlled media , citizens ( i.e.
patty , you are always fighting for the issues that really matter in wa .
allies everywhere must stand together with our lgbt brothers and sisters against hatred and discrimination .
she voted for the iraq war and bailouts for the big banks in 2008 ( although she had reservations about both ) .
then you better come out now , senator warren , for senator bernie sanders for president !
today i heard a democratic senator says on cable that all of trump &apos;s cabinet will be going through and when trump reneges on one of his promises like not touching social security , medicare or medicaid the democratic &apos;s will let the american people know , in particular those that voted trump in .
and why is it that the hague is not involved in this the international world court -- your a lawyer congressman when there are crimes against humanity should it not go to the world court ?
crocodile tears ( omg ! ! )
speak for us , senator bennet .
sooooo , free lunch = good , supporting the inauguration of president trump = bad ? ! ?
what about for men ?
in 1991 , a senior assistant from president bush sr . &apos; s office met national association of counties ( naco ) president michael stewart ( r – salt lake co . ) at a cocktail party at the annual conference in salt lake city .
bc funny you mention a company like microsoft .
you could have my vote , but hillary clinton ?
we cannot blindly allow someone to get away with racist , divisive rhetoric without any consequence .
i applaud you for every bit of effort and sweat and tears you put into it .
this post should have been how you banned the rx lobby from your office .
you and maria cantwell have made all of us in washington proud to call this state our home .
as a recovering addict i wish you luck ... it &apos;s a pretty insurmountable task ..... i agree with bill .. but also .. treating a persons mental health is a big part of treating addiction
melissa- i don &apos;t blame you for not believing in such obvious bullshit .
the comment from the business owner in ma is not untrue , i &apos;ve heard it several times .
another good mn manufacturer focused on exports is waterous co in south saint paul .
on july 1st , vermont &apos;s mandatory gmo labeling law goes into effect .
the &quot; insurgent &quot; sanders , according to nbc , wins alaska !
congrats , amy .
if progress and equality is the &quot; liberal agenda &quot; , what does mean the republican agenda is , suppression and racism ?
no war &amp; jobs through rebuilding our infrastructure -
love you tammy and thank you for your service .
fact ....... maria cantwell supports obama !
elizabeth warren is one of the most intelligent and clear thinking individuals in politics today .
klobuchar isn &apos;t on the wide of the people .
i &apos;m so happy you won , go girl !
thank you , ms ag !
plus , before opening your pie hole , you should check and see where these big bad corporations give their money to .
you act as if all the economic problems and problems in iraq started january 2009. medicare d did not help the millions of americans without health care .
it is time for the democratic party to distance themselves from the clintons , and embrace the energy generated by the sanders campaign .
how about introducing a bill to ban assault weapons ? ? ? ?
i hate democratic i truly do hate democratic they take away american rights i hate president candicate
very old story here , but back in the 60 &apos;s there was a program to forgive all of a student loan if you taught for 5 years .
hey man , i like you a lot but i &apos;m gonna need your cabinet voting to be more in line with your facebook posts .
just google it , and you will find he is listed as &quot; committed &quot; delegate for hillary , before we even vote , along with cantwell , murray , del bene , heck , inslee , kilmer , mcdermott , and adam smith .
you evil fucking traitor bitch
tammy duckworth for senator ! !
you better look in the mirror liz warren whats matter now your gonna be jealous and consumed with the donald shame on you go live with looser hillery .
dear mr. bennet , i was very dismayed to learn that you finally caved in and voted to fast-track the tpp .
is gender more important to you elizabeth warren than the well being of the country ?
elizabeth warren how dare you talk about the man who defrauded innocent hard working americans looking to advance in the real estate industry .
i have now come to expect a negative post from ed on every post amy has ... and yet ... i still am voting for amy ... just saying .
sir , you know as well as i do that these drugs from canada are originally made in the united states , most of them in new jersey ( the state i grew up in ) .
brown is a joke
lewis also needs to keep his mouth shut .
happy thanksgiving 😊
@ kari , the local group meeting at the senior center pays it &apos;s own room fees - there &apos;s no $ supporting a forum where candidates are invited .
thank you ... tpp is coming up .... please do what is right for american workers ..... ps i &apos;m still unemployed ....
so try to understand from my point of view that it is still a very dangerous world for women .
i love jon and always will .
it seems that al franken doesn &apos;t understand , like many officials and leftists , what an actual assault rifle is ( automatic ) which were already banned people .
clinton warren .
break up the &quot; too large to fail &quot; financial institutions , just as we did with ma bell .
guns don &apos;t kill people bad or mentally i &apos;ll kill people
yet there is a protocol which is in a clinical trial at weill cornell here in new york which focuses for now on refractory cll ( until now untreatable and incurable ) and waldenstrom &apos;s syndrome -- but there is proof that it is effective with all b-cell cancers , including myelomas .
i appreciate that you do participate in the congressional progressive caucus , and your constituents can follow that group on facebook as well .
sen. booker , you must keep fighting - please don &apos;t let big money stop you from representing the people you serve ! !
if that is the future you seek , continue to endorse bernie or the independents .
mahalo nui loa ...
we stand with senator wyden .
you have my vote , senator kamala harris 2016 !
&quot; robert reich asks : &quot; if democrats don &apos;t act like democrats and stick up for average americans , who will ?
wishing you and your family a wonderful new year , senator .
you are the best , al .
am grateful for everyday .
senator klobuchar , i like that you are addressing the problem on the supplier side .
as someone who spent most of my life in minnesota working for democrats like you , paul wellstone , and al frankin , i am appalled that you would continue to pledge for hillary after bernie so clearly won minnesota .
the three stooges : sherman , waxman , and schiff .
obviously sen. stabenow is extremely misguided .
colleen - you don &apos;t know enough about me to make that claim .
thank you for doing a great job 😊 here in el paso
i &apos;m with you , senator booker !
tpp is dangerous
right on amy !
same to you al , and franni and the kids , too .
if you are so worried about our country , why don &apos;t you pass president trump &apos;s cabinet so they can get started doing the business of the government .
thanks for your years of great work in wa .
hillary is going to prison .
only opinion of d trump is he &apos;s a joke , an ass and an embarrassment to the spirit of the american people , just hope the people in this country wake up ⚡ ️
love this woman 🙅 🏼
elizabeth , how many times are you willing to go to the pole &apos;s to vote and have those who you elect be bought by special interest and corporate lobbyist ?
congressman alcee l. hastings , if you know anything about international politics , &quot; condemning &quot; a complicated issue in a foreign country is often an embodiment of racism .
thank-you mr blumenthal , for every thing you do , hope you had a nice day also .
elizabeth , we agree on most things but not this .
growing up in california and hawaii , never in my life have i seen such irresponsible gun owners !
well done senator al franken ....... well done b &#124;
thank you for standing up for women and the inequality that pervades even health care .
if there &apos;s one thing bernie has taught us , it &apos;s that anything is possible if we stick together .
furthermore when did americans suddenly have a reasonable expectation of privacy in their metadata , something they already were consciously sharing with their telecommunication provider ?
so keep it up maxine , diane , ashley , barbara , madonna , lady caca , chuckie , michael , rosie , joy , whoopie , alec , meryl , miley , al , katie , george , cher , and the rest of you squawking on your tin roofs .
be careful trump has an awful habit of pay backs !
thank you chris !
i will share this thank you 😉
you &apos;re not going to do anything to stop the big banks now that you &apos;re campaigning for hillary .
i am unemployed right now after being at the u of mn for 13 years .
sincere condolences on the loss of your mother , senator shaheen , and your grandmother , stacey .
as i had been thrilled to hear of this on the radio , i am delighted to hear about it also from you , rep. lloyd doggett .
i find it really hard to take this seriously when you went against something that could save americans money on their medication .
happy 4th debbie , you are doing a great job - keep it up , please !
this excuse that she is sharing with booker is a bald-faced lie .
nice gesture , ms. warren !
we &apos;re with you , sherrod !
please help the women of venezuela !
senator murray needs to follow senator cantwell &apos;s lead and stand for real financial reform .
good luck tammy duckworth .
thank you so much for your dedication to this cause !
we are not satisfied with the &quot; controlled &quot; information , investigations and evidence in government sponsored stories such as sandyhook , boston bombing , oregon mall shooting , gabriele gifford &apos;s &amp; aurora colorado .
amy would make a great president .
hey cheri : happy birthday !
can you tell me the difference between an assault weapon and a regular rifle ?
we also need universal health care with good mental health coverage like medicaid has .
al , i would call my senators to back your bill , but you and amy are already on board !
everyone in the democratic party should take a hard look at the polls for a clinton vs trump presidential contest then .
i &apos;ll just leave this here cory https : / / mic.com / articles / 165421 / cory-booker-weakened-fda-regulations-big-pharma-canada-drugs-vote # .yvi3sjskh
or , you &apos;ll have a state full of happy constituents who support bernie and will support you .
thats great patty , how about you stop spending our money on bailouts , that would do more than your silly amendment .
what is good for business is good for unions .
sorry cory but i &apos;m calling shenanigans on your safety claim .
the inauguration of a president is bigger than the ego of any politician and whether that politician is a democrat or republican he / she represents all of the people in their district , not just one side .
good luck and thank you for being senator .
thank you for your courageous vote , betty !
stop your own slinging drugs on every corner , stop your own living off the gov , stop your own being the baby daddy / mamma of 12 kids .
take that back liz !
congratulations kirsten on a job well done ! !
anything you can do to improve the 101 corridor between thousand oaks and santa barbara will be welcomed !
wiping away civil liberties , education and first amendment rights for all people is along lines of an ideological belief that will drive down wages and continuation of an effort separating the educational system in a democratic society unless stopped .
you are wrong kirsten to vote against the pipeline .
thanks amy for fighting for us
thank you for kind words , it very discouraging .
with twins in college , thank you .
senator booker , if this is truly your opinion then at least address the funds you have taken from pharmaceutical companies .
so for the vast vast majority of the time a woman in an equal position with equal skills as a man will get compensated the same .
i am waiting to hear from you a plan to reduce the cost of prescription medicine in the u.s.
al franken is an assault weapon !
happy thanksgiving nancy pelosi
we need leaders in the same vein as congressman lewis and are looking to democrats to lead america out of this wilderness .
as usual nancy you don &apos;t know what you are talking about or just out right lying as the only thing hobby lobby was against was being forced to pay for abortion which you , supposedly being a catholic , is against your religion .
how well stated , elizabeth !
not because you want a cabinet position .
remember , we won &apos;t vote for hrc no matter what deals they try to make .
that &apos;s the interesting thing about democracy .
unlike the last two attorney generals , sessions appears to know the difference between the good guy and the bad guys , and law enforcement can do their job again .
so , let &apos;s see ... russia interferes with our election by hacking democrat emails , reveals them via wikileaks .
gun violence is caused by the presence of violent people .
i &apos;m at a loss as to how and why the democratic party has been so insular in terms of focus .
you will be an excellent congresswoman .
so please explain to me how receiving $ 385,000.00 from pharmaceutical companies did not factor into your vote last night ? ?
i am so excited to have her in the senate making laws that will help women and working families .
please cory booker do right .
it can &apos;t be easy to be a principled politician , cory .
thank you congresswoman for leading on this very important issue !
jill , 80-90 % of crime guns in new jersey came from out of state .
-------- trump &apos;s refusal to acknowledge russia &apos;s involvement in the election .
i just wish our 2 democratic senators tester and baucus were 1 / 100th as good ! !
but ... hillary ?
it &apos;s time amy got a real job .. you liberals have screwed up minnesota and the usa so badly .
senator wyden , i &apos;m with you every step of the way as well as the vast majority of americans .
my female counterparts make the same wage and benefits as me .
the tough loss was thursday night al .
i am so happy that you joined john lewis and others not to attend this fake inauguration of this terribly divisive president elect .
please keep fighting , senator harris .
be beyond , hope , senator warren .
ron wyden , you are no progressive : progressivism as a movement was the goal of theodore roosevelt and his party in the early 1900s .
donald trump is not a racist .
nice work senator warren !
i really want hilary win and women will do great job .and her cilton was a great 🌎
thank you , senator gillibrand .
his campaign rheatoric has had a trickle down effect displaying itself by the protests and violence which has occurred since the election .
amen to that comment , al .
elizabeth warren !
this kind of news always makes me happy and sad .
and now that we &apos;ve cleared that up al , um .... hilary .... psst !
people outside of nj need to understand , we like our politicians a little corrupt , not too corrupt like our current governor christie , but big pharma runs nj , if senator booker wasn &apos;t just a little in their pockets , he wouldn &apos;t be an authentic nj politician .
debbie , the teaparty-republicans don &apos;t want the united states to succeed .
again it takes women of minnesota to show the nation how to work and win .
what about the mmj front amy .
coruptthe &quot; clinton foundation &quot; is to the clinton &apos;s ... what &quot; meeting joints &quot; were to al capone .
go keith !
hillary needs to be in jaill and if there is any justice she will be soon .
i &apos;d support a smarty-pants elizabeth warren and her wisdom over whomever donald trump pretends to be on any given day or night .
she is a wonderful person who is bigger than life itself .
trump 2016 in a landslide .
now we are at the mercy of us drug companies only interested in profits .
riot geared police create riots .
earl , you rock !
thank you senator merkley for your kind words
please , withhold and abstain from confirming any further cabinet nominees
cory booker this will forever be used against you .
he was a great comic and funny actor and a man of true talent .
thank you , tammy , for continuing to try and do the right things !
the former city of damascus , here in oregon , suffered under the influence of extreme right wing policies , and these are the results of what happened while they were in office : they created blocks and contradicted their obligations to form a comprehensive plan for the benefit of the community .
the drugs sold to medicare patients should be negotiated down with the buying power of the plan .
huzzah ! … now , onto voting rights , college loans , sequester , etc !
i love elizabeth warren because she is not afraid .
thank you , congresswoman julia brownley !
no one does woman &apos;s pay , like a man named barack &#91; &#91; photo &#93; &#93;
as chair of the san juan county democrats ( sjdc ) , i want to correct what rick stated in his post above .
you serve nj proudly .
senator blumenthal , why don &apos;t you run for president in 2020. you will have a lot of support ... think about it # blumenthal2020
grow up people , she &apos;s a senator for massachusetts .
if trump had won the popular vote and clinton had won the electoral college , would she think the same way ?
in my newspaper this morning ( advocate - new orleans ) it said that trumps charity was exposed for lots of wrong doing .
kermit the frog appears on oprah with the grasshopper , and everybody cries when they sing , &quot; it &apos;s not easy being green &quot; jesse jackson stages a demonstration in front of the ant &apos;s house where the news stations film the group singing , &quot; we shall overcome . &quot;
mr. booker right now my hopes have been crushed with this presidential election .
mental health and terrorism should top your list .
bannon is below scum , and i am more than disgusted with this appointment .
: ) # feelthebern
atta a gal amy !
elizabeth ... you rock !
i pray for peaceful ramadan around the world .
i know you will fight like hell for what is right , tammy !
then go back up sanders .
when i saw the clip of him with bobby knight on the dias at his event in michigan yesterday l could hardly believe that he could be so clueless as to think that the coach of a big ten arch rival would win him michigan votes .
h.r.4269 - assault weapons ban of 2015 is an abomination .
you rock , senator franken !
you go , earl !
now they maintain slavery by keeping minorities on the public resource drug addiction .
fela ... i will never vote for you again ... i did not for you last time ... i was a dem for 50 years .. never again .. indepentent .. injoy your life in ny ..
screw u al franken thats why this country going to hell
keep fighting ron !
so is that why you didn &apos;t challenge the electoral college results ?
the democrats are controlled by corporate interests ? ? ?
provisionals invariably go dem so i predict a win for kyrsten sinema , ann kirkpatrick , and ron barber .
sanders / warren sounds like a great ticker !
play nice and set a better example for all of us .
it &apos;s much better to have warren buffet &apos;s leaky rail cars spilling it everywhere !
corporation for national and community service - jon hatfield nominated feb . 22 , 2010 , may be reported out of senate labor committee this week .
sanders / warren for pres !
i am not a trump supporter but the hatred and misinformation and vitriol from people who hate trump and yet claim to be fair minded people is wrong .
g. glbt equality passing enda
i am normally proud to call you my representative .
please keep the middle class in mind when negotiating .
electoral college for dummies : an electoral college gives smaller states more weight so they aren &apos;t swamped by bigger ones — this is part of a system of checks and balances .
fuck you , booker .
i have not met a trump supporter yet that surprised me .
adore elizabeth warren .
l &apos;shana tova backatcha senator !
i am grieving as if the victims were members of my own family .
i very much look forward to your leadership and working with you to get a full equality bill filed asap , as called for by the equality pledge .
its no secret that the kkk supports hillary .
mahalo for voting no .
why don &apos;t you ask the french , if gun control reduces violence and mass death !
i know you are a proud daddy today ( and always ) !
what you democrats show is nothing but disregard , carelessness , irresponsibility , disloyalty , hate , racism , division , weakness , and a like of integrity and honor !
the time has come-- we are looking to you senator booker and other senators to prevent our ruin--
november 6th , i &apos;m gonna vote elizabeth , and obama ...... lets go my people ...
amy please run in 2016. god bless you senator !
sen. warren , ever think about moving back to oklahoma ?
making far rock proud !
bernie is the only candidate who can beat trump .
i signed the # bernieorbust petition to let america know that bernie sanders does indeed have the popular vote , and we are going to vote for him no matter what the t.v.
senator harris , do you have a position on michael flynn &apos;s illegal contact with russia before the election ?
you are a wonderful advocate for women in ny and around the country .
include faster immigrant processing as part of # cir # movefwd
this is not the greatest democracy .
senator wyden - thank you for your support of our health , and particular for our young people .
lol wow you &apos;re very ignorant
but i understand the feeling of wanting to chuck a brick through the window of the establishment .
when i was in 5 the grade i had a wonderful lady who was in charge of the cafeteria .
thank you senator wyden for standing against the trump picks for heads of goverment .
to paraphrase frank sinatra , &quot; you want it your way &quot; .
her gender is not the reason , i support the da , it &apos;s because she &apos;s real and willing to get this city back on track ... kamala has focus on started some great programs .
and we &apos;d like you to abandon your divisive rhetoric as well .
and put an end to trapping and use of dogs to harass wolves .
* huge fucking eyeroll *
i always liked you frank pallone .
elizabeth warren i voted for hillary .
thanks congressman thompson
i love her and i &apos;d vote for her for president in a heartbeat .
dear senator murray , i cannot express to you how proud i was to be a woman from washington state when you and senator cantwell stood and defended our right to affordable family planning and gender specific medical services during the fight to prevent a government shutdown .
tulsi , please fix this .
you are a great senator and inspiration for minnesota and the dfl party .
if we don &apos;t place more men like jim cooper into office , we are doomed .
endorse bernie who can beat the trumpster and make a difference in the outcome .
the people voted bernie , you need to , too ! !
thanks , dick , for betraying us with the gmo labeling bill .
cory is a liar seems to be a liberal trait : dailycaller.com / 2013 / 10 / 13 / newark-activists-say-bookers-fire-rescue-story-is-all-wet /
booker , you &apos;ve become a joke now .
the disappointing thing about this is hilary won the popular vote
thank god the founding fathers had the idea of the electoral vote .
kudos patty for being strong enough to not attempt to silence the conversation .
don &apos;t take pharma money ! !
you and every single super delegate and hrc supporter .
you &apos;re awesome , senator .
i &apos;m sorry , but i &apos;m done with you mr booker .
go hillary you have my vote and many million more democrats .
deep bows to you , senator wyden and thank you for representing me .
so if you like bacon and lobster you can like gay marriage too .
apparently elizabeth isn &apos;t getting enough attention .
i don &apos;t like trump but hillary is not the answer
remind me again why elizabeth warren is not running for president .
banning automatic guns and ramping up background checks may not eradicate senseless killings , but a ban will make it harder for criminals and unstable people to buy a weapon .
i normally don &apos;t do this , but i told you a vote for hrc was a vote for trump .
my senator is only dem willing to oppose , aling with corey booker , so they can stand out come 2020. no substance .
thank you senator wyden for your strength .
most of the people who are killed by guns are killed by people who would not pass a background check .
it is a symbol of heritage and bravery not of racism , and hate .
thank you for being a champion for the little people !
thanks amy .
why doesn &apos;t she warn us about elizabeth warren ?
thank you , senator brown for everything you do !
thank you kamala for helping to raise awareness and put an end to this horrible problem in our country !
stop trying to win votes claire .
the keystone xl pipeline is the only thing to do but the left wing women are the main thing not to do .
how sweet and happy anniversary al &amp; fran !
i hope you help the residents of new york even more !
stevie , i &apos;m not voting for dino rossi , if that &apos;s your concern .
i do care that trump has empowered extremists to abuse , degrade , and threaten women and minorities .
trump incites violence yet people who don &apos;t agree with him riot at his rallies ... riiiight
there is no &quot; epidemic &quot; of gun violence .
bennet and democrats like him don &apos;t want voter id .
many thanks , senator .
i would love for michelle obama &amp; jill biden or michelle obama &amp; elizabeth warren to be on the same ticket .
whether it be wall street or tax cuts for the rich or stopping tax subsidies for the oil companies that are making record profits or stopping monsanto etc etc .
mn is proud of your representation .
glad to know we can always count on our ny senators for some sanity ! !
congressman yarmuth we don &apos;t need our 2nd amendment rights taken away from us !
thank you senator kirsten gillibrand for taking a stand for strong public education for all children !
god be with you , cory booker !
this is how smart you are nancy .
i admire senator gillibrand for her concern about the way our criminal justice system ignores the rights of minorities , be they military women who are raped or black men and boys who are killed by that small proportion of policemen who don &apos;t respect their rights or lives .
maybe liz can be cruz &apos;s press secretary .
kirsten , have you ever been on the texas border ?
when will you endorse bernie ?
the democrats have been almost as corrupt as the republicans while professing to represent ordinary middle and working class people .
i &apos;m sick and tired of a weak and ineffective democratic party that is way too laid back / good natured , and allows republicans to manipulate mass amounts of people into voting against their self interests .
at least tester isn &apos;t for giving homeland security unchecked power in northern mt montana like rehberg wants to .
there were 21 in my 3rd grade in fairmont , mn .
but there are so many people in this country who find ms. clinton &apos;s positions on war , on money in politics , on mass incarceration of people of color , and so on repugnant , that i seriously doubt she can beat trump .
tammy duckworth , perhaps you missed this question from 29 oct 2014 , reposted on 31 oct 2014. you seem like you are sincere , in reading your posts .
all you haters out there ( republicans ) how about you live off minimum wage and let &apos;s see if you do not need extra help ...
senator bennet , the following are some of my budget priorities .
condolences peace love light &amp; blessings !
the hopes that i and many like me had that you would carry the mantle of progressive values forward ... we were willing to forgive and forget your showing for hillary instead of bernie in the primary .
re j. sessions up for doj sessions brought to justice for death penalty of kkk member who killed blk man and responsible for 7 million dollar judgment against kkk which caused them to go bankrupt .
thank you , amy , for trying to help kids in need , no matter where they live .
thank you sen. stabenow for your support and understanding in time of need for the working class .
very disappointed that you voted against the prescription drug bill
congratulations tammy and god bless you !
we object to a state-enforced equality .
and good luck to you , madame atty general !
i so respect this woman .
i am supporting mike lapointe as he is willing to work for and represent us .
sanders / warren this would ensure a complete win !
except , this time , &quot; your &apos;s &quot; is hillary clinton .
hi congresswoman diana , this is katie malouf .why won &apos;t medicare pay for a family member taking care of another family member .
you have done a great job for el paso and for america as well .
i support your stance , betty mccollum , and thank you for voicing it .
as women we have to continue to join forces ( we have the numbers ) to defeat this egocentric privileged white male faction that is determined to roll back the progress we ve gain over the past 50 plus years .
also will tammy duckworth you have my support ( change yes you can ) ! ! ! ! ! ! !
please change your affiliation to pledge your vote for bernie !
you rock al franken &lt; 3
we are talking about importing pharma from canada , with a long established record of serving their populace with a real health care system , not a backwater pill kitchen in a third world country .
mr. wyden , this is all good and correct except for the impending 3 month fight again .
booker you voted against peoples interest that would lower persription prices .
way to go high sen. warren , but i know you &apos;re prepared for the worst , as we all should be .
wednesday just got better so this guy bill will be there that &apos;s fine but i am looking forward to you elizabeth !
thanks for makin &apos; us jersey folk proud !
set the record straight from all big banks who had made themselves more rich !
new york gmo legislation : new york has two active gmo labeling bills in the state legislature : assembly bill a3525 , sponsored by assemblywoman linda rosenthal , d-manhattan , and senate bill s3835 , sponsored by kenneth lavalle , r-albany .
realistically , he was probably office too long and probably felt he was above the law and had become an oregon god .
guns don &apos;t kill people , people do .
we must ban assault weapons !
please support me and vote no to hr 1599 .. instead support hr 511 for mandatory gmo labeling .
again , are you a supporter of big pharma ?
http : / / www.forbes.com / sites / rickungar / 2012 / 05 / 07 / the-veteran-suicide-explosion-and-you / al , i have 2 sons who are soldiers .
senator franken , please stop your support of sopa and pipa .
fake tears grip next election http : / / www.hannity.com / articles / hanpr-election-493995 / flashback-senator-chuck-schumer-in-2015-15518379 /
the horrible hillary wanted to take our guns so she lost .
mr booker with respect we have to get trump and all his white supremacist out of the white house now !
when the electoral college votes and they do not elect a majority winner , then the election goes to the house .
where were the protesting during some of these times ! !
fight the good fight patty , we are with you .
he wants to protect pharma in new jersey .
thank you nancy .
why don &apos;t you man up keith ellison and denouce the evil that is islam ? ? ?
sen. wyden carefully inserted &quot; might &quot; to be on both sides of the fence if it is politcally convenient .
watch that al , you &quot; ll scare the poopers out of the others when they hear that ! ! !
thank you keith for protecting women &apos;s privacy !
thanks for this elizabeth .
you people have no idea what &apos;s going on it started as a peaceful protest and that &apos;s when the police came out in riot gear shooting unarmed civilians you people are filthy racist and are the root of this problem the police are the ones causing the terror in the streets .
what did they actually do , make the dnc more transparent .
the good thing is pp will get more money donated from women who are upset about this than the $ 700,000 from komen .
thank you for keeping in touch with the people patty you are one awesome senator !
i &apos;m grateful to live in your district and be represented by somebody who cares about her constituents .
lying ass hat .
i think folks would rather die trying to save themselves with drugs they can afford , than die because they can &apos;t afford the drugs sold in the us .
yes but may i remind you that cialis et al is still covered for men .. now where is the justice ...
congresswoman murray said : &quot; i strongly support allowing patients to re-import lower-cost prescription drugs from canada &quot; .
thanks for showing you care congresswoman lee , i &apos;m glad to be in your district .
sean cooper
you , thankfully , are my voice
a real woman would be putting big bankers behind bars and not these petty thieves .
keep up the great work you do for us here in mn .
maybe we will get these laws on the book when hillary wins .
i know a lot of canadians and no one has ever gotten sick from pharmaceuticals .
um ok frank !
thank you hillary for referring to half of trumps &apos; supporters as &quot; deplorables &quot; and energizing our base !
elizabeth warren = super bad ass woman !
at least kamala will no longer be chasing the publishers of backpage around .
thank you so much for understanding this .
thank you senator bennet for representing colorado i hope democrats and moderate republicans can come together during this time period to stand up to a president-elect that is determined to divide this country even more than it is now .
congratulations kamala together we blaze this trail !
i &apos;m from ma
defeating donald trump should be priory number one , and hillary is going to do just that !
congressman yarmuth , you do not speak for me and many others who live in louisiana .
saw you today , rick .
unfortunately today &apos;s democrats are not much better .
that whole charade about voting for somebody simply because she is female is such a hoot , isn &apos;t it ?
it &apos;s bernie or we burn down america with trump ! !
while americans bicker amongst ourselves , monied interests are buying our democracy .
who says we are the greatest democracy in the world ?
if the senate intelligence committee investigation produces evidence that trump not only benefited from russia &apos;s hacking and election meddling , and that he coordinated or communicated with a hostile foreign actor , it will not only destroy his presidency … it would also be grounds for impeachment .
elizabeth , please consider running for the presidency in 2020 .....
i want to thank you for your work , your ability to listen to concerns and to take that information in and , above all , for endorsing hillary clinton as president .
tulsi gabbard is the only democrat willing to stick her neck out and say the truth .
the issue with hobby libby is that the &quot; coosely held companies can follow the exemptions hobby lobby got .
senator chuck paid by isis
equality is for all .
thank you , mr tester .
i literally can no longer tell the difference between the sanders and trump fans .
hillary played her woman card .
thank you lloyd doggett .. in this crazy republican environment it &apos;s nice to know we have you working for us ..
yes , joe , we should just accept our naked ape instincts and move along .
she got on ssdi easily and got better treatment than actual native born citizens who are down on their luck .
i have voted for congressman yarmuth each term but will not support him in the future .
thank you for taking a stand against bigotry , hatred and lies .
it seems you just missed your chance senator murray .
they believed that with the electoral college no one would be able to manipulate the citizenry .
if you are proud of responding to the billions of dollars that the insurance and pharmaceutical companies have paid to brainwash you then that is on you .
best of luck to you amy .
dont &apos; let the jcos drag their feet , patty !
&quot; looky over here at this shiny , goofy tweet &quot; while we are &quot; distracted &quot; , then keeps stacking his pirate crew of cabinet members and sells us out to corporate interests .
please lead our country , senator warren .
thank you , congressman ellison .
thank you senator gillibrand for maintaining high standards .
but alas politicians don &apos;t control the us , corporations do and congress bows to corporations .
🇺 🇸 congratulations , tammy !
as you will read , democrats largely opposed the bill .
elizabeth warren please please please run for president in 2020
gracias , merci , danke , mahalo
i would support importation of prescription drugs from canada as long it was safe .
so what i &apos;m taking away from all this is that those politicians supporting clinton are doing so because she can give them more money than bernie , once again , buying the super delegates .
bravo , congressman van hollen !
way to go elizabeth warren , two smart women .
thank you louise for working for the needs of our veterans .
you strongly support importing drugs from canada and then vote against a bill that would allow it .
why don &apos;t you electric car drivers band together and make electric car clubs , the club accumulates money and installs the chargers for the benefit of their memberships .
all democrats voted against it as well as 10 republicans .
thank you rick .
why is elizabeth nit running for president ?
thank you amy for standing up for another woman &apos;s career advancement ! !
you understand domestic violence so much .
isn &apos;t it time to address mental health and gun control issues ?
the alqaeda rape as &apos; jihad al-nikah , &apos; assuming women and girl as war prisoners , and raping them as permissible say no to war against syria
who used the chemical weapons on civilians it is jabhat al nusra not the regime we will always support alassad
as always , thank you , louise slaughter for your hard work on behalf of your constituents .
please be bernie &apos;s running mate
ms warren is the most ethical senator in dc .
sorry al , but union was the best team today !
please continue your leadership to help us through this very dark time .
hope is better than fear and hate .
we need to talk ...... i am a victim of attempted murder and torture from 10 l.e.
boycott jan
thoughts and prayers do not equal gun control
thank you for bringing attention to this important and tragic issue , senator klobuchar !
great news ron !
i admire you u.s. senator elizabeth warren ( elizabeth warren ) and any politician with this sense of optimism and pseudo-forgiveness .
that &apos;s right , this small nj wellness entrepreneur will be standing beside the largest companies in the u.s. and world http : / / www.themanufacturinginstitute.org / ~ / media / a029004aa3ce413c8402e2d1c55f8c26 / step _ ahead _ pr _ final.pdf
amy , i am so proud to have you as my senator and to have met you many years ago at the brooklyn park library when you first started your campaign .
amy , i posted your video of democratic women fighting back on the page one million pissed off women .
i doubt that massachusetts will ever do it .
trump is a horrible idea .
thank you mx warren .
btw ...... your speech was amazing on saturday ..... in my opinion one of the best !
trump supporters live and die for conspiracy theories .
&quot; horrific crimes against humanity are being committed by the assad regime in syria .
i &apos;m voting for jill stein .
tammy , that sounds like a wonderful teacher !
snap needs to be cut from the farm bill and moved to the fda or somewhere more appropriate
thank you speaking at the women &apos;s unity march saturday .
let &apos;s make sure another woman takes her place !
we deserve to know more about those fucking assholes .
it has taken longer than any in history to approve a cabinet which i ridiculous .
thank you , louise , for such a healthy perspective- and for voicing it .
be a leader , help kill sopa / pipa , chuck !
unfortunately for you senator warren , the trump train is rollin ! ! !
tammy , have a great day : ) you have all our votes this november !
helped create vital voices , an international initiative to promote the participation of women in the political processes of their countries .
contraceptives are taken to keep a woman from getting pregnant !
thank you sen. harris !
organic foods were around long before gmo and pesticides , yet the burden is placed on the organic community to label , while pesticide ridden food gets a free ride $ $ $ $ ... i would really like to hear your thoughts on this ... thank you ... a cancer survivor ...
thank you , senator murray , for all your help to us veterans in the past , and for what i &apos;m sure will continue to be yeoman &apos;s work in the future .
get rid of all the narcissistic male and female leadership .
i &apos;ve loved your passion for years .
tammy , proud of you .
so , amy klobuchar , what did the pontiff have to say to you about you supporting pph with tax payer dollars , and the sale of butchered baby parts ?
the electors need all the intelligence available to them to make the correct informed decision .
from madison : as the mother of a gay son , should i have to worry that every homophobe in the country has a &quot; right &quot; to buy an assault weapon that might eventually kill my child and his partner ?
my favorite president is the one yet to come- the first female president- the one who will break up the big corporate powers with their feet on the neck of the american people- elizabeth warren
trump in &apos; 16 and &apos; 20 ! !
then step forward and endorse bernie
please lead on this senator , and don &apos;t attend
to get all the democratic voters , the independents and the ones who are afraid of trump who have changed and will change affiliation behind someone is bernie sanders .
amy , thank you for standing up for what is right !
greatest democracy bwahaha ... don &apos;t make me laugh !
thank you for all you have done , senator shaheen .
i am very disappointed that mn .
i absolutely believe you will do just that and i am grateful for all you manage to accomplish in an extremely hostile environment .
sure , maine did not vote predominately for trump but i highly doubt that people really want her to not show up to the inauguration as a way of speaking against it .
america might eventuallysuccumb to its own evil , spreading their brand of social rights propaganda in the tv shows , tweaking history in their interpretion of movies , distorting history to seem that they are the heroes of the world in wars , etc etc .
big bank and wall street are corrupt .
thank you for sharing your story and for your continued support !
obama &apos;s appointment of mr. taylor , former chief lobbyist at monsanto ( largest producer of gmo crops ) tells us what the real story is .
# whateverittakes # demandavote
amy klobuchar ( d . , minn . ) – 29.7 percent • sen .
oh yes i &apos;ve heard all about his respect and concern for every single person .
in minnesota i remember hearing governor dayton talk about a $ 4 to $ 6 billion backlog in our state &apos;s infrastructure , highways , bridges , railways etc .
we are so in need to women &apos;s voices in our legislature and courts !
thanks frank , for all you do .
cant someone just save all the dogs and skin alive burn alive beaten and drown all the chinese who celebrate this torturing event
democrats have not , because to me , they do not have platforms and or policies spiritually , morally , educationally , racially , economically , judicially , et cetera to uplift and enhance the black community as well as middle america ! !
yeah and the only person to beat him is bernie .
yes , elizabeth , yes !
cory booker # 2020
vote for hillary clinton for president 2016-2024
while i support the intent of your message , it &apos;s isulting to mrs clinton .
thank you , patty , for your past services to all of us and for your determination going forward .
women need to respect themselves first .
i &apos;m team bernie .
thank you for jumping into the race , carol .
your are so deeply sincere &amp; you &apos;ve brought tears to so many people feeling your love
senator warren - i &apos;ve been a fan of yours for more than s decade , i &apos;ve bought your books , i know you know what &apos;s happening .
i applaud your efforts at bringing &quot; clinics , non profits , and drug companies to the table ... to cut drug costs for under-insured and uninsured residents &quot; .
the california cowardly democrats who voted to shut the door on syrian refugees … what a sad day , when democrats align themselves with the fear mongering fascist republicans .
i am in new york and watched him on c-span .... such a wonderful speech from the heart ....
let facts rule , not mob violence .
why did you vote for pompeo , an extremist advocate for torture and mass surveillance of our citizens ?
now , how about endorsing bernie !
now how about actually doing something great for hawaii that we all can be proud of .
senator klobuchar , have you no concern that the world health organization &apos;s international agency for research on cancer &apos;s scientific review listed glyphosate ( roundup ) as a probable carcinogen , and you just voted to keep minnesotans in the dark permanently about whether their foods contain gmos or not ?
i support your work but do wish that you will see the benefits of our country by supporting senator sanders .
are there no filibusters on the bad cabinet nominees ?
tears you say ?
your silence on the scandalous dnc is complicity .
senator franken , i look forward to seeing a proposal for a bill that includes sensible gun laws .
also : if no candidate gets majority of electoral votes then it goes to a vote in the house of rep &apos;s - you know that will be bad news for democrats forever .
trump got 306 electoral college vote while hillary clinton got 232. for # popularvote : # trump : 62,972,226 # clinton : 62,277,750 go see your therapists now – or maybe do a 24 / 7 yoga until you recover from this shock .
breaking news - hillary involved in sex trafficking along many other politicians .
there &apos;s been no evidence canadian drugs are harming anyone .
say no to to gmo food !
i was hoping that bernie would do better , his logic seems good- appeal to the super delegates on changing their support from hillary to him , but the whole point of super delegates is to use corporate money not peoples voices .
we can protest .
senator warren left out the part about the donald saying he &apos;s willing to use nukes .
thank you , congressman john yarmuth ( ky-3 ) .
i really like you cory , but the bigger danger is people buying from shady online pharmacies , not verified canadian ones .
please consider running in 2020 !
: - ) aloha from da big island brah !
# labelgmos vt right to know gmos
cory , it does not look good for you to take pharma money then vote for this .
@ keith m. maybe you just woke up ?
senator wyden -- i can &apos;t get through to your offices either in dc or pdx by phone .
scout young democratic talent now please .
we are protesting your vote not to let we the people get cheaper drugs from canada
right wingers love to talk about &quot; liberty &quot; and &quot; freedom &quot; and &quot; less government interference &quot; .
yes ... prayers go out to all in the philippines
allow research on gun violence .
nice words , but i am afraid that you and governor cuomo have been mostly &quot; missing in action &quot; on this one .
i cannot believe the people in this post - if you want to know what is wrong with our country , while gun violence happens , read many of these comments .
i don &apos;t have the time to be fighting for my gun rights on a daily basis , but it &apos;s nice to know there is an organization fighting the anti-gun loons day in and day out .
elizabeth warren for president - pleeeeeeeeeeeease !
i am curious that since you share so many of the goals bernie sanders is working toward , why you have not endorsed him for president ?
&quot; what do you think women need to move toward equality ? &quot;
i &quot; ll fight hate .
why are you shouting , barbara day ?
thank you senator michael bennet for standing up for those who need it .
i am in serious need of hope from you and bernie today as i believe you all are the future of our party .
amy - there are so many frustrated americans now ( even after we beat the pack ! )
please elizabeth ... help make a stop to this gun violence .
fuck you ~ you zionist fuck .
and happy 100th day in office elizabeth !
happy birthday president obama and thank you for all you have to help us in spite of the haters in congress
i know that even a successful strike against syria will likely lead to escalated conflict and international tension between the u.s. and russia of undetermined length , at undetermined cost , with undetermined consequences .
yes , please do something about mental illness .
and thank you , senator warren , for being the fabulous fierce fighter that you are !
absolutely anyone would be better than trump , but i still hold out hope for bernie .
thank you for helping the middle class and teachers .
are we endorsing bernie yet ?
but you , elizabeth warren , i thought were an intelligent decent human , as opposed to a vote getting political machine .
.thank you for your support of all our amtrak brothers and sisters !
thank you for standing up against injustice .
thank for all your hard work
congratulations , senator-elect duckworth - so proud of you !
i thank you so much for your continued support for &quot; my tribe &quot; , the lgbt community .
thanks ms. harris for appointments of wallace , quit , jerry .
amy , please reconsider your position .
i donated to your campaign , ms. warren .
kent- i &apos;m fighting the urge to demand a closed system approach to gun violence given how pervasive it is in our society , however i think we need to consider what is doable in our current political climate , especially in az-09 .
trump will hopefully take on even curupt corporations if need be .
your wonderful elizabeth warren
change is coming to sacramento in the form of kamala harris ! get out and vote ... we in califonria can no longer afford mediocracy in key positions !
keep on fighting for us patty !
&quot; all male majority &quot; ?
you said it , ms. warren !
with luck , the official diagnosis of this disease by a mental health professional will facilitate the search for a cure .
win , elizabeth , win ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
senator , my mother became addicted to oxycotin for 13 years because her doctor said hey , at 72 she &apos;s too old to become addicted and if she does , so what ?
you very welcome debbie !
i ask for support with bill s-996 by senator mary landrieu .
i know you work hard for rhode island .
🙃 anyway i voted for bernie ... feeling the bern !
i &apos;m predicting resounding wins for sanders today .
would we even have this conversation if san bernardino , and orlando had not happened ?
he is an overall embarrassment to mn .
so proud that you are representing me !
not lookin guilty by the sanders at all .
go gettem klobuchar !
finally equality for all !
everyone knows you get hundreds of thousands from big pharma and they told you how to vote .
is elizabeth warren really a transsexual ( born a male at birth ) ? ?
i &apos;m calling bs on this mr. booker .
thank you senator joe donnelly but you must take stronger actions to stop this trump regime for all of americans !
deeply grateful for your bold leadership .
amy , what we really need ( in addition to your legislation ) is a limitation in the use of credit scoring .
just as expected amy doing what she is told to do .
you too debbie .
please protect higher education , trio and pell grants
hillary clinton and democrats will continue harming our country , it &apos;s reputation , our way of life and our most vulnerable citizens ... seniors and the disabled .
senator kaine not paying 1400 a month with a 14k deductible on obamacare
sorry , another sherman is a lot more informed on iran than the aipac lobby congressman .
but hey , where was the outrage when hillary wasn &apos;t charged for crimes any lesser .gov official would have ended up in prison for .
i didn &apos;t say ban cancer , i said ban tobacco products because they cause cancer ! ! ! ! !
are you reading this , frank ?
it has angered me for years that drug companies go free when they push large bottles of high potency drugs by sending them home with patients .
who cares what about the killing in paterson nj less talk more do something about it
if people below understood how important the electoral college is so all voters get a say this discussion wouldn &apos;t happen .
oh al shut up .
how dare you talk about integrity and doing the right thing when you just voted against bernie sanders medication bill .
pretty sure women work less because they sit around , have kids more often .
ellison cancelled an interview with the new york times because he found out the paper was going to ask him about his ties to louis farrakhan .
as our economy stands with congress &apos; do-nothing behavior , we are encouraging our senior citizens to sell their prescription drugs , and our young people to commit crimes and sell drugs , all to make ends meet .
president obama will speak at president warren &apos;s inauguration .
mental illness is hard to understand .
notice that the typical blue states of wisconsin and pennsylvania went red this time .
fake tears schumer .
or about mental health issues , and the lack of available help .
don &apos;t forget , he came to ferguson pd from a corrupt police force that was disbanded because the corruption ran so deep .
thank you senator warner ! !
warren won &apos;t give any credit for the good things he is saying .
this women is insane .
then educate yourself on these so called assault rifles .
treatments and medications are being slashed .
i &apos;m not gay and don &apos;t give a fuck what gay couples wanna do .
all because you clowns backed hillary
god bless you - i &apos;m glad you represent the great state of minnesota .
donald trump is very , very dangerous
so ... bernie sanders ... heard his name ... ?
v / r ed
rip , senator !
because canadians are known for their wild , reckless ways and might make unsafe drugs to save a buck , eh ?
the shocking silence of the republicans is outrageous .
paul wellstone would have you in a full nelson until you &apos;d do the right thing in philadelphia and support bernie sanders , the only democrat still running for president .
kyrsten , you remember , we love rain , we might not see it for another five years , you know , like sensible legislation
i &apos;m right there with you debbie stabenow !
so the right wing trolls here aren &apos;t even going to attempt a reply to my challenge to explain some real-world , empirical evidence that supply-side economics is useless to us .
i love it because senator warren gets under donalds thin-skinned
mike lapointe you say ?
it &apos;s the hypocrisy of hobby lobby that bothers me .
thank you , dr. warren !
kirsten , i am thankful for all you &apos;ve done for the glbt community and equality for all .
please keep speaking out , elizabeth warren .
tells us alot about pallone eh ?
bravo for speaking up rep. lloyd doggett !
our entire community is e-mailing you and you have not condemned the israeli military campaign on innocent humans once ! ! !
you screwed up booker .
it was wonderful seeing you interact with a comedian and acting &quot; all grown up ! &quot;
well said joe ... it &apos;s discrimination really ?
how about pledging to no longer accept big pharma money ?
if you did not see it that is because larsen deleted it as he had my first comments on his claim to being such a strong advocate for rail safety .
thank you for your compassion in helping to effect change for man &apos;s best friends .
nor does she represent the preference of our citizens , as evidenced by her significant loss to bernie sanders in the mn caucus .
and you can fight trump &quot; tooth &amp; nail &quot; for the next four years .
hello u.s. senator patty murray , i write in a request letter of that i do not appreciate with federal housing where i lived !
third , it &apos;s easy to talk shit on facebook , you racist , sexist , piece of shit .
when you say &quot; there &apos;s no virtue in silence , &quot; you are encouraging people to vote against donald trump .
instead of taxing me on what i buy just in mn .
trump is a threat to democracy and his cabinet picks are an abomination .
keep up the good fight mr. booker .
congratulations senator franken , looking forward to seeing you seated .
happy birthday ... hope your belated present is 6 more years representing us in d.c. !
we will respect the office of the presidency , but not normalize trump &apos;s behavior .
he never encouraged violence and hate amongst his supporters , at his rallies .
you backed hillary knowing she rigged the primary , where is the &quot; democratic &quot; integrity in that ?
but the dnc sabotaged the people &apos;s candidate because their power would have been weakened with bernie and that power was more important than the welfare of this planet and the people on it .
if you &apos;re really concerned about cheaper drug cost we should be focusing on real bills that have real effect .
thank you patty for all you do to help enrichen the lives of everyone !
http : / / www.breitbart.com / big-government / 2013 / 06 / 04 / witness-blasts-dems-your-preposterous-words-give-irs-power-to-target impeach earl blumenauer .
merry christmas jon !
oh wait - it was the democrats in 1960 that passed that resolution to shut down nominees ... fact check , that , amy !
how vile is it that these women you seem to care so deeply about can &apos;t even report the most minor of abuses for fear of prosecution and jail .
you claim to fight for affordable health care yet voted against half-price prescription medication .
the only protesters placing hands on anyone are bernie sanders supporters !
hope you become hillary clinton running mate .
let bernie lead , not because he is better , just because his supporters might support d movement .
# neverclinton ---when will you endorse bernie sanders ? -----
hillary is a joke , bernie will give the store away once the trees are planted that all his free stuff will fall out of and elizabeth , how is your campaign going .
the best thing we can do to honor our fathers , those who are with us and those like my father claude j. hopwood , jr . ( proud democrat &amp; wwii veteran ) who no longer is , is to work hard and reelect jeanne shaheen .
i actually believe that our economy suffers from corporate greed .
would dr martin luther king , who died while participating in a labor union strike , champion big pharma and charter schools ?
sooooo ... you &apos;re supporting school choice , frank ?
no free money fo obamacare for congressional staffers - including your staff beto - everybody in , or nobody in .
al , please let this be the catalyst that opens real action on gun control .
elizabeth you must join michelle obama and run in 2020 .
it is not enough to be &quot; deeply saddened &quot; by yet another senseless mass shooting senator .
hey rick !
thank you , senator ron wyden .
aggressively opposing his cabinet selections , speaking out against his onslaught of executive orders and making sure to call out the abject lies of spicer and conway .
i &apos;d love to hear your ideas on how we can bring peace to syria , congresswoman hanabua .
my daughter pays almost $ 900 a month on student loans , so i can &apos;t imagine how these kids are ever going to pay back these loans and have a future of owning a home and starting a famly with interest rates doubling !
just checked and it looks like rhodes and university of massachusetts-dartmouth are the only 3 time finalists in the general community services category ( including earlier years when the awards were not categorized ) .
this woman should not be confirmed .
warren is a champion for the middle class and we should all applaud her for her efforts .
maybe if you really had friends that cared about you they would get you some real good help , maybe even you and killary could go to group therapy together .
i can &apos;t vote mr. bashir out , as i don &apos;t live in texas ( thank god ) , but i will certainly do my part to vote mr. guinta out .
* * * * reduced funding of nih and fda in hr34 : the 21st century cures act would trades temporary additional funding for the national institutes of health and the fda for permanent weakening of the fda &apos;s approval process .
thank you for your service , kirsten .
it starts with destroying unions who promote progressive causes like workers rights and benefits as well as keeping the social safety net .
january 3rd , 2007 was the day that barney frank took over the house financial services committee and chris dodd took over the senate banking committee .
frank there are to be 590million cuts to medicare .. that was one of the ways to keep the entire bill under 1trillion .... sorry brother you are screwed along with everyone .
we are going to see amy tomorrow night - saw al franken on sunday ... both great people !
how is trump an illegitimate president as people keep posting on here ?
that way nothing is banned and hopefully society is the winner .
our el paso community college student veterans appreciate all of your services and support !
if you would have endorsed bernie sanders , this wouldn &apos;t have been an issue .
all the more reason to push harder for a public option .
our company , weco created 25 new jobs in mn this year--all filled by people living with disabilities !
nurses for sherrod brown ! !
btw insurance rates are set to go up 20 % for some plans next year and pharmaceutical prices are skyrocketing .
thanks , mr. doggett .
good for you representative blumenauer .
kentucky ought to be proud of congressman john yarmuth &apos;s decision regarding the inauguration ceremony .
is donald trump the only reason democrats can come up with to vote for them ?
you made a great case about this election being about not only sen. brown &apos;s seat but about the direction of the senate as a whole .
hell yes claire !
patty , what &apos;s irresponsible is politicians spending our nation into bankruptcy .
we are so proud to have you serve us in va !
god bless you tammy duckworth ..... the young &apos;s in san carlos ca ...
i thought she said she wasn &apos;t going to play the woman card ..
so , it really looks like you allowed yourself to be bought by big pharma .
keep on working , kamala .
tulsi , i would like you to leave the party with bernie and us .
senator klobuchar , the senate missed a out on a great opportunity when harry reid pushed his reid / kyl poker bill off until 2013 , or in other words , whenever .
tell your fellow democratic senators and president to negotiate .
i am college educated and work hard for what i do .
i do not need another career politician telling me what to believe , and even though i like amy , i will come to my own conclusions .
i urge you to vote against the authorization for use of military force against syria .
why don &apos;t you massachusetts people vote this overly dramatic liberal out so she can put her money where her mouth is and move to some other country she cares about more .
bernie sanders is weak and offers free things to people ( free college , lol ) in order to get support .
• a man can unilaterally divorce his wife but a woman needs her husband &apos;s consent to divorce .
why will i like so many seniors am going to have to resort to reputable canadian pharmacies because congress forbids medicare to negotiate drug prices even as i must pay a worthless part d premium to a private company !
happy thanksgiving to you and thanks for being a voice of reason in these turbulent times ! 👏 🍗 😊
i have heard that there is a little known law that has never been used that will force steve bannon to be vetted and confirmed for his current position .
driving trains should be looked @ as well .... i &apos;d want to know who &apos;s driving my train ... know what i mean ?
you see why no one takes you progressives seriously .
senator cory booker - why did you vote against senator sanders &apos; bill to import drugs from canada ?
i &apos;m in tears from a full heart and hope .
or ... maybe brian , you should run !
al , now is the time to end the internet access monopoly or does this fix it ?
not proud right now of mn at all ... disqusted !
congratulations to you senator !
a lot of this is your fault elizabeth ... you and the rest of the dnc tried to force feed us hillary .... bernie was saying all the things you claim to support but you sold out and backed hillary .
the high courts are bought by the nra and have been for a long time .
love and unity trumps fear and hate .
thank you for the fine words , congresswoman .
thanks , keith , for keeping us enlighten .
members of my montana family will feel safer today .
and no fair asking the pharma lobby to write the answer for you .
yes indeed kyrsten and thank you for your pursuit of what makes sane and proper sense .
here is a strong statement from senator ron wyden : https : / / www.facebook.com / wyden / posts / 10154275828937858
thank u senator warner
subsequently , franken paid $ 70,000 in back income taxes in 17 states dating back to 2003 , mostly from franken &apos;s speeches and other paid appearances .
elizabeth warren spewing lies and hatred for our next president , donald trump .
not if she passes the tpp
i support you 100 % louise slaughter .
senator booker , with all due respect , sir , what exactly are you doing to correct , counter or stop trump .
those are not hillary or bernie , we do not need 4 or 8 more years of the bs we have had .
elizabeth , i respected you so much .
you are one of my hopes for the future ... i know campaigning is expensive , but how could you vote along big pharma lines ... if the drugs are safe for our canadian brothers and sisters ... how can you say they &apos;re not safe for us ?
many comments hear about the cost and safety of drugs in canada .
an awful lot of drug and alcohol treatment happens in prisons .
it &apos;s so sad &amp; scary for sure ! !
i need to vote for bernie 1st or if need be ... i must vote for hilary just to keep trump from being president
which is why we do desperately need bernie .
and again i say , thank you senator shaheen !
tim kaine we love ❤ ️ you ! ! !
if we hadn &apos;t of voted you into office , you would have never been able to cast that vote , come on amy let &apos;s give credit where it is due , we did that .
go get them claire !
voting blue !
senator merkley , i am disappointed in you .
hillary is a flip flop where as bernie sanders hasn &apos;t .
that was wonderful but the drugs to keep everything stable are terribly expensive .
why did you vote against the drug price lowering bill sponsored by another democrat ? ?
words of wisdom from elizabeth warren ?
thank you for your service , senator gillibrand !
thank you ms pelosi for getting dems to kill the volcker delay .
funny how things change when when you see an opening in 2020 !
mahalo from australia - with you in spirit
earl hare your question is important .
prayers for you senator claire .
washington state is lucky we have patty and maria representing us in the us senate !
i have friends who are drug reps. they make incredible money it &apos;s crazy .
the health of women cannot be compromised because of ideology .
thank you senator michael bennet !
stop their salaries walker did it in wi .
vote in democratic congress people as well !
you are a disgusting human like hillary clinton .
i feel both confused and betrayed that neither you nor senator cantwell supported this idea .
this is not what the people of mn want .
thank you for standing up to wall street for the people of our country .
elizabeth warren couldn &apos;t tell the difference between her ass and a hole in the ground .
please , senator , can you do something to restart the debate and action in the legislature on gun safety legislation ? ? ?
please visit us at the volunteers in medicine berkshires clinic in great barrington .
as for your comments about mental illness ( aka insanity ) i believe the standard definition is &quot; doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results &quot; - or something along those lines .
beloit , wisconsin
this will be the same hateful rhetoric that will continue after he becomes president .
its never the guns as the nra says .
my sister , also with advanced degrees from great schools , used to have a lucrative contract in la doing film editing , but she is in a worse boat that we are now .
sadly you peaked while selling newark residents out .
booker in 2020. who else is with me ?
this sounds like james garner was grooming elizabeth warren like a pedophile .
headline reads : elizabeth warren makes profit by buying and selling homes !
none of that will happen under the new fascist regime .
thank you , sen gillibrand !
congressman ellison , i would like to thank you on behalf of people you don &apos;t represent but for whom you are still working very hard .
could you please explain your stand on those pharmaceutical drugs ?
yet progressive support their puppet master and financer george soros .want in numerous countries for financial terrorizm .
must be easy to tell women to get another job or to respect other people &apos;s religious beliefs to deny them equal access to health care when it &apos;s about a drug they never will require and a condition ( pregnancy ) they never have to experience .
do your job and support bernie sanders as did almost 80 % of the people you work for ! !
amy , i will correct you .
than you , al .
senator murray , i owe you an apology .
blitzer : are you ready to ask the dnc to authorize more democratic presidential debates ?
first order of the day , dt has to put all his money plus all his entire family &apos;s fortune in a blind trust , or something similar .
like the women &apos;s march on washington ?
thank you for all you do for everyone
you were so strong against sessions - i told you it &apos;s like you had a super hero cape on .
thank you for representing me and the majority of americans .
i &apos;m glad you &apos;re safe !
only sanders can defeat trump .
taking the high road , larsen was the grown up and said some nice things about mathews anyways .
i know because i was at a dfl precinct caucus the year you were elected when you walked through , in st. paul over by snelling and grand .
before the advent of drugging school children with ritalin , before cyber bullying , before computers , guns put meat on the table and each child was taught respect of the destructive power of the gun -- as they are taught about fire and electricity-- and the gun was not used in tantrums .
such lovely women !
thank you - please hang tough on this resolve , senator shaheen .
i believe you are our best and brightest hoipe for 2020 , senator .
and , of course , we owe our senior citizens their safety net .
we must unite to fight against the hate for gays and non muslims , and muslims that do not follow , and in some cases do not even know the strict , severe , and inhumane punishments required by islam .
thank you so much for your hard work congresswoman chu .
and in the light of day , you and 12 other corporate whore democrats sold out the people on the drug re-importation bill !
please keep fighting for everyone &apos;s rights
she should just support bernie
dear debbie , you know of course notre dame beat u s c 41-31 !
elizabeth , please shut up and go take your medicine .
progressive on the outside but owned by your big donors when their profits are on the line .
you &quot; were &quot; a leader .... until you voted against the bill for &quot; the ppl &quot; &amp; voted with the pharmaceutical co.s as they lined your pockets ! ! ! !
tammy your my hero
even a misogynist like me knows you &apos;re a bad ass .
one of the teachers killed on friday is my unofficial niece--i am not related , but i was rooming with her parents in college , and i changed her diapers , watched her first steps , a version of my name was one of her first words .
bet you would have had an easier time working with bernie than the donald .
ok , elizabeth warren , team up with u.s. senator bernie sanders to win the white house !
no educated intelligent individual could rationalize trump as a leader .
much respect to you congressman bill pascrell , jr. but i wholeheartedly disagree .
you &apos;re a wall street and big pharma tools and we want none of it .
tammy 2016
thank you sen. booker / hope to hear more from you in the future .
a blessed thanksgiving to you and your family , ron !
i know you will get things done amy .
and i am proud and honored to be represented by you !
you &apos;re still amazing !
then strong laws blocking greed and corporate coup d &apos; etats can be put into place .
guns don &apos;t kill crazy people do .
how could you vote against cheaper prescription drugs from canada ?
bernie or bust , senator .
i checked a canadian pharmacy for epipen and found a generic from pfizer for $ 107 .
minnesota wants bernie .
you got it right joe , just convince the others !
all the screaming for gun control is filling the gun stores with customers , the guns are not the problem mental illness and hippa laws are the problem .
but so do holyoke catholic and st. mary &apos;s .
thank you , senator gillibrand , i am honored to have you as my senator .
senator warren has no credibility .
senator gillibrand , you honor his memory with your committment to the public option and quality affordable universal health care for all ... thank you
love you elizabeth , but in this case : http : / / www.ijreview.com / 2014 / 08 / 167552-man-frustrated-ferguson-riots-goes-legendary-rant-time-us-change / &#91; &#91; share &#93; &#93;
cory took the money !
you do rock !
patty murray , the time to act is now !
wonderful story , thank you for your intercession and hard work .
for one their all white men or white 50 y / o women and come to a discussion with no facts , only stupid insults .
&lt; 3 booker 2020 &lt; 3
hillary has committed serious crimes .
crooked hillary ?
start by not taking money from the pharmaceutical industry .
keep your thanks pelosi ... you madame are an idiot ...
acknowledging hilary for her accomplishments for women is like praising trump for his accomplishments for men .
it &apos;s comforting knowing that you &apos;re working to bring the best bill forward .
i would be interested in hearing from all the members of the electoral college regarding hillary having the majority of votes and trump not being challenged by the electoral college .
yeah , that &apos;s why their leaving michigan for jobs .
nj lost a hero .
i am so proud she is our first lady !
and he &apos;s hoping to be a key staffer for booker 2020 ... ( nudge , nudge ... )
exactly judy - i am trying to understand how you , al frankin and tom harkin voted against bernie sanders amendment which would have protected individual states and towns to vote for gmo labeling , why in the world can i not have the right to know what is in my food
you go against wall street while allowing her to continue on , without calling her out for her ties , to what seems as your mortal enemy !
i am wondering how many comments are from massachusetts residents .
i &apos;m proud that you are my representative .
i will vote for you if you run in 2020 .
thank you mr. welch for your support .
praising frankie 24 / 7 is tough work
bring back funding to mental health .
tell the electoral college to vote their conscience and elect hillary .
not you , i mean the democratic party
minnesota has always been a leader in efforts to increase voting opportunities for citizens .
we live you in nh and the usa ! ! !
cory , do not capitulate with the republicans .
mahalo nui loa , senator brian schatz !
keith miller your comment was totally unnecessary and rude .
it &apos;s terrifying to even think about just how many racist people that are living among us .
as a vet , i can assure you that no one but the most ignorant bible-beater gives a shit whether one is straight or gay .
rep. cheri bustos
thanks so much earl for fighting for those who cannot fight for themselves to truly represent us ! !
favoring corporations and the rich .
working to re-elect patty was the labor of love .
incredibly senator warren and i agree on something : mitch mcconnell is a horse &apos;s ? ss .
using the power granted to you to bully , harass , and murder innocent unarmed civilians while hiding behind a gun , a badge , and the blue wall of silence .
thank you for posting congresswoman eshoo .
the kkk was founded by the democratic party and supported by the democratic party until the early 80s .
rossi is a dickhead who doesn &apos;t like women very much .
senator - as a former ny &apos;er - i hope you will set an example for your colleagues and fight hardest for the things that really matter - jobs , education and health care .
barbara you not going only to the inauguration only shows how ignorant you are .
fracking causes earthquakes and sink holes .
it &apos;s the unrelenting liberalism which appalls many outside of the metro nyc area .
unless bernie can win 75 % of all of the delegates between right now and the california primary on june 7th , she &apos;s going to go over the top without the need to have any super delegates at all on june 7th .
by naming him trump sends a clear message of pandering to haters all across the us , of fulfilling that as his campaign promise .
lbj didn &apos;t hide racism but was a master politician , even better than fdr , at using race for political advantage .
afterwards , i did additional research with regard to ms. warren .
i will never vote for you , campaign for you , or advocate in you behalf again .
thank you , senator warren for saying it exactly as it is .. i only hope trump supporters will soon see things more clearly
lyin warren as all ways.just another hillary &apos;s woman card.i am sure every one that has run for office some one from the kkk voted for them.can &apos;t stop no one from voting.so lay down and shut you mouth .
hi jackie , i am sorry that i will not be able to make this event .
the world needs more women role models like you !
we need women and men of modest backgrounds running for office at every level .
so who , ms. warren , is the real alternative ?
al , loved you and stuart smally on the snl reunion last night !
cmon ms. warren , save america .
i &apos;m with you u.s. senator elizabeth warren , he is going to take all americans to purgatory if he runs this country .
it &apos;s not about democrats / republicans and their political differences , it &apos;s about decency and values and kindness .
i &apos;m with her , vote for hillary
you &apos;re the best rep. duckworth .
thank you for all your advocacy on this bill .
help us debbie !
nancy you got wall street financing and got rich off of insider trading which is legal for the likes of you ... quit being so hipocritical about this when you get your bread buttered by wall street !
she represents all tax payers of michigan equally .
while your colleague , senator sanders does have great ideas , the only sensible choice for americans and by extension , the rest of the civilized world , this november is hillary clinton .
much love from st. louis .
why is it that hillary and bernie supportors feel the need to march and protest outside of trump rallies ?
because showing the words pallone said in the late 80s and 90s are lies ...
alot of what this article says about trump is pure bs or glorified to fit her story .
and let &apos;s not get caught up in the silly argument that guns don &apos;t kill people , or the claim that the problem is just that the mentally ill can get hold of guns .
all these recent mass shootings come down to mental health issues .
vote for elizabeth warren and president obama .
in connecticut between 3000-4000 vets do not have homes .
we need to unite and create our own super pac for the cause of educating through media ( any lefty frank luntz &apos; out there ?
why did you vote against the prescription drug plan ?
thanks for all you do , al .
you are in the pockets of big pharma !
senator wyden , how can we stop this clearly mentally ( very ) disturbed and incompetent man from destroying this country ?
what does hillary clinton want to do in response to this latest tragedy ?
i agree patty , we must get washington workers back on the job .
the senate is voting to kill net neutrality on tuesday -- it &apos;s a power grab by big telecom so they can control what information you &apos;re able to access online .
thank you for working with everyone , including on the other side .
mlk was about equal opportunity ... not handouts and excuses !
thanks so much sen. brown .
thank you ms. claire mccaskill .
the gop gave the fat-cats and wall street all the rope they needed to hang the country.so don &apos;t blame the democrats for trying to stop us from swinging in the breeze .
in minnesota we have three members of congress that either fail to answer the message or blame each other for causing the grief .
that was a bad move cory .
love the donald trump for president ....
yes , well tweet away , warren , jabber on telling us all the things we already know – – – and sit on your safe little democratic ass not doing a damned thing about getting bernie elected .
and you call potus a racist ?
elizabeth warren ... what a joke ..
try to not be such a drama queen liz !
congressman steve cohen thanks for nominating ron walter &apos;s .
trade deals that screw workers are not progressive .
cory booker you are a good man .. thanks for fighting the good fight .
bs , don &apos;t take pharma pac money and you will be more convincing .
senator shaheen was on the hearing with hagel and said .. its time we think about paying the ransom on hostages to isis / daash .. is that the voice you want to represent all of us ?
you both lost me at racists and ignorance .
anti trump mob ( blm , moveon.org , refugee resettlement , f * &amp; ( police , .. ) did this to officer http : / / 16004-presscdn-0-50.pagely.netdna-cdn.com / wp-content / uploads / cop-bleeding-1.jpg
💕 you are a beacon of hope .
thank you , tulsi , for your tireless work for this revolution : corruption to integrity 🙏 💖 😉 💜 👏 👏 👏
maybe your definition of racism is a bit different .
well said , rep. doggett .
thank you congresswoman , for all of your hard work and dedication .
peter - you rock !
cory , please explain to me how the democratic party and qualified candidates such as yourself failed us ( the american people ) .
congressman brad sherman , thank you for co-sponsoring house resolution 752. i kindly ask if you could push house resolution 752 to the floor for a vote .
thank you for your effort amy .
carter temporarily banned iranians .
you do what you feel is right for nj and the us .
thank you so much for all of your work to convey the values and wishes of your constituents .
thank you to amy , well al did not care enough to respond .
may we learn to appreciate diversity and see that is important to teamwork .
dona ; d trump - the people &apos;s president !
i believe that the system of electoral votes is antiquated and useless in todays presidential elections .
when are you going to break your silence and endorse bernie sanders ? !
do us right rick .
it &apos;s time to put the bs aside and unite against hillary
after a lifetime of working , i &apos;ve barely any savings , an underwater home , student loan debt that has mounted to six figures , and a part time job .
beautiful words ... peace and love ❤ ️
anyone who can vote for hillary .... with her years of corruption , corporate money , lack of leadership as proven by bengazi and email scandal ... must not be thinking clearly .
thank you senator and all your sane cohorts !
&quot; about 25 percent of large u.s. corporations _ those with at least $ 250 million in assets or $ 50 million in receipts did not pay corporate taxes &quot; and about 68 percent of foreign companies doing business in the u.s. avoided corporate taxes . &quot;
elizabeth , please endorse bernie sanders
i learned gun safety before it was even taught in classes .
i wonder how many of these trolls actually live in ny ?
thank you congressman cohen for protecting the tennessee walking horse .
we are so lucky to have you representing us .
this is why your democratic colleagues have been voted out .
i wanted to say : thanks !
they might give you some help.thanks amy for all your great work !
dear ms. eshoo , please comment on today &apos;s presidential press conference regarding the gun control proposals .
but it &apos;s a bad start to 4 years of resistance .
no , ms. warren , the american people have had enough .
barbara beardsworth shpritz
^ and that is why you &apos;ll never lose an election here in oregon if we techies have anything to say about it .
amy , pizza is not a vegetable !
wake up and smell what your shoveling mr blumenthal .
as for the rhetoric , the democrats have nothing to compare with this , newt gingrich &apos;s 1996 gopac memo : http : / / www.informationclearinghouse.info / article4443.htm they &apos;re still relying on frank luntz to focus group their language , and then they stick to repeating the same talking points , over and over and over and over , ad nauseum .
no mr. franklin , the electoral college voted donald trump president ; clinton was the popular vote .
then work to get rid of the electoral college .
nick leppala i personally know a female nurse who is making less than a male nurse .
thank you , senator gillibrand for standing up against this nominee .
news flash people : hillary cannot beat don t ! ! ! !
elizabeth , ever since you broke your wedding vows to selfishly pursue your own agenda you have been in rebellion .
thanks for all you do amy
thank you , jamie raskin .
because otherwise you can go fuck yourself
mr pallone , do you mean political rhetoric like this ?
senator , as a constituent , i &apos;d like to know your views on campaign finance reform .
happy thanksgiving joe
does that mean extended to gay and lesbian servicemembers in addition to other servicemembers ?
you elizabeth warren are also bigger and uglier everyday
what about the dreamers and children who are trying to escape the violence in chicago ?
being a single woman homeowner i &apos;m just waiting for the day they say because i &apos;m a woman i can &apos;t own a home .
hate crimes in portland oregon http : / / chuckcallesto.blogspot.com / 2016 / 11 / a-warrent-has-been-issued-for-arrest-of.html ? m = 1
better dust off the geography book kirsten .
thank you , senator gilibrand .
keep going , patty !
see ya enjoy the sunshine in canada
george soros , a democrat incites the violence by paying protesters .
this bill also doesn &apos;t include many gmos and prevents states like vermont from enacting their own laws requiring clear labeling on the product .
your augment is bs and it is clear that you are bending to the drug companies that have offices in nj .
exactly ... this business of passing these bills to open some parts of government is bullsh # @ % t ... you &apos;re just giving the republicans what they want ... i thought you were smarter than that , amy !
rioting is peaceful ?
this is the second time in 16 years that a democrat has won the popular vote but lost to the electrol vote
very brave of cory
other than let you know we &apos;re happy you &apos;re fighting for us ?
thank you for sharing your perspective about this vitally important situation .
thank you amy great going
thank you for all you do earl !
if the contests were fair and balanced , we could have been looking at pres.elect clinton or sanders , sanders / clinton , clinton / sanders , sanders / warren , clinton / warren , warren / clinton or sanders .
gone in michigan and 23 other states is the ability to force people to pay for membership in an organization that may or may not represent their interests .
you voted with the gop and against sanders amendment .
killed jfk , invented guns and butter , sold a lot of lady bird &apos;s bell helicopters ... as president , i will have the stupid little lbj memorial over by the pentagon pulverized .
a jan fan forever ! ! !
i watched none of the inauguration .
she was my senator when i lived in md and she is awesomely !
if anyone would like to read a fairly easy-to-understand explanation of what &apos;s sooo scary about pipa and sopa : http : / / mashable.com / 2012 / 01 / 17 / sopa-dangerous-opinion /
congresswoman giffords is an amazing person !
we all love bernie as does u.s. senator elizabeth warren !
will you fight for the increase in crime against all of his targeted victims , and will you fight to continue the female agenda ?
thank you for having ethics and compassion .
she and her daughter elenore were both gracious and lovely as well as minnesotans to the end .
please check bannon &apos;s power .
give law abiding citizens the right to legally carry sidearms for protection and i guarantee you &apos;ll see gun violence drop .
it is always more economical if you have a choice between two products or services .
thanks for the handshake and thanks at 2700 e lake street november 8 for the phone bank .
so , while you malingerering people lament how evil hobby lobby is , this country of ours remains free , and will continue to be so , provided you quit pushing for more governmental control over &quot; we , the people &quot; .
thank you for your attention to this issue : please oppose the internet blacklist legislation ( protect ip and sopa ) i am a constituent and i urge you to reject the internet blacklist bills ( protect ip act in the senate and the stop online piracy act in the house ) .
america is tired of the political bs and deserves the change that trump can bring .
senate , congress , and president - vote blue !
liberalism is a mental disease .
bless you , representative tulsi gabbard .
you could have worked with sanders and others if you truly wanted this to pass .
happy 103 birthday , nancy !
congratulations amy , we are happy to hear you will still represent us .
do not interfere with the implementation of vermont &apos;s mandatory labeling law .
you know elizabeth warren , i love your face .
so far mexico , the united kingdom , canada and a couple of other cities in the us have already issued a ban to keep trump away from inciting further violence .
so proud of my oregon congress men and women ! !
no , madam warren , thank you ~ !
as for the lanza &apos;s , a more thorough background check would have revealed a history of mental illness and denied nancy lanza a gun .
trump is my candidate .
drumpf
dude she &apos;s an ass !
i am out in north adams for the weekend , and people are stopping me in the stop and shop parking lot because of my warren bumpber stickers .
according to a may 2014 dhm research poll , 58 % of oregon voters supported changing the oregon constitution to allow same sex marriage , 36 % were opposed and 6 % were undecided .
the voters of massachusetts believed he deserved it .
i would like to know who we want governor brown to to appoint as replacement attorney general .
no patrick , frank invented hysteria
cory booker i generally really like you .
hillary broke records with the artificial help of the dnc .
this shows me and many voters that you and patty murray are just another political corporate conglomerate .
kamala harris , i agree with you however after seeing the side show act in regards to de vos , i have little faith in the current system .
thank you for what you do derek
after all , gm nearly turned flint into a ghost town .
great comment , cory booker
thoughtful maybe , if you mean thinking of yourself and your own political ambitions .
your progressive history would appear to align with sanders &apos; yet you &apos;ve remained neutral .
as a congresswoman , tammy baldwin backed legislation to block funding for body armor and medical supplies for u.s. troops .
please vote no on sopa and pipa , do you realize the bills have anti drug regulations that will hold persons needing over the counter medications hostage to the pharmaceutical companies ?
please stand with senator kirsten gillibrand and oppose those who seek to undermine our democracy .
thank you , senator gillibrand , but we need you to do more than stand .
752 , introduced by congressman alcee l. hastings , opposing the yulin dog-eating &quot; festival &quot; ( june 21 ) , the dog and cat meat trade in asia and , above all , the horrific cruelty involved .
are you for us or are you for big pharma ?
i am proud to have you representing my home state and hope senator nelson follows your lead , on many of these issues .
such an embarrassment and to the senator from connecticut too !
i cry too chuck , every time a baby is aborted in this country .
i do not like this woman .
happy thanksgiving to you and your family , elizabeth ! ! !
for jon tester ! !
trump is all too happy to play on the mob mentality .
our democratic party better come up with a good candidate .
the progressive caucus has some good plans that you should support
he is the heavy weight champion of the world .
if you vote for the gun ban i don &apos;t think you will have to worry about being relected here in mn .
keep up the good fight , amy !
businesses thinking about relocating now know that there is one more powerful advocate on the record for marriage equality in indiana .
wasn &apos;t it bernie / lefty supporters causing violence in chicago about 2 months ago in protest to him speaking at a rally ?
thank god for his helping , and for you tulsi you were mean to be on this area to helping in manys ways , president obama thank you too .
huuray , amy !
donald trump has a lot of class , unfortunately it is all low class !
all they do is make the democratic party easy to make fun of and ridicule ! !
impressed senator schatz has a full grasp of higher education and the huge debt load it places on our youth .
right now , people are terrified about being deported from their families , being subject to hate inspired violence , being forced to register into a database , and navigating a minefield of newly empowered white supremacists no longer afraid to show us exactly who they are in the most menacing way possible .
what can you do to help us , amy ?
i don &apos;t even have to read entire quotes from bernie and liz any longer , just skim it and &apos; like &apos; because i know i will .
the affordable care act and the vermont healthcare programs are in shambles !
thank you for fighting for our best interests .
you need to come out for bernie .
i wanted to form a right wingers for cory booker group , but if cory is going to be a trade protectionist , that might not be the case .
you are not representing minnesotans by voting with the harry reid .
the hypocrisy in this election is out of control on both sides ... except for bernie sanders .
i &apos;m proud to have you representing our state as our senator .
i was surprised hillary didn &apos;t choose booker for v.p.
the trump supporters on this post seem to be the most likely to be collecting social security or unemployment of anyone here
and to you mrs elizabeth warren give them hell senator happy bnew year
congresswoman julia brownley can your office request a report on the demographics of those being raided and deported ?
i doubt that the virtuous ( cough , cough ) ms. gillibrand even casts an eye at the responses here .
still mourning that loss , but you are right , amy .
where have you been for the past several months when you could have helped bernie sanders ? ? ! !
i have seen this week that someone has been pushing commercials all over ohio to support trump &apos;s cabinet picks ( jeff sessions , tom price ) .
iam a union worker , i collected my last eui check yesterday .
dems need to respect the wishes of the people , and we the people know the middle class is sinking because of dems stupidity and obamacare ... saying ur for the middle class doesnt make it so
you are blind to the truth not only about trump , but your policies as well ... ms warren , you are leading this country to hell ... your apart of those who hope to destroy america the great .
anyone who thinks elizabeth warren is part of the problem is a republican troll .
more than ten years and the people in iraq are still suffering and dying because of fake democracy .. we don &apos;t want the same to our country syria .. vote no war on syria .
and you &apos;d better leave medicare and social security out of your little corrupt games too mr. booker .
the police do not deserve a peaceful protest they haven &apos;t allowed for it .
call your senator ... 1-202-224-3121 enter your zip-code and tell your senator &quot; do not confirm until applications are complete and background checks are done on all cabinet appointees .
you &apos;re a class act senator kaine .
nj needs you - congress needs you - america needs you .
also , don &apos;t tell earl about those 500 deaths by hammers , i &apos;m sure he would like to regulate those too .
cutting good union jobs while extending tax breaks for major corporations and the super rich .
if bernie wins the popular vote and you super delegates override our voices we will write bernie in and you super delegates will be responsible for the republicans winning this election !
now go and bill a road with that in mn
so elizabeth warren , please , please , join the sanders ticket and serve as veep .
fight for hawaii and the us !
i am utterly blown away by the generosity and forgiveness of bernie sanders last night , after all the dnc has put that great man through .
thank you for making me feel hopeful .
it &apos;s just the latest example of how and why minneapolis — and specifically the congressional district of muslim democrat rep. keith ellison ( d-mn ) 21 % — has become ground zero for the threat to the united states from islamist terror groups such as isis and al-shabaab .
dear charles schumer , i am not doing as well as i was 10 years ago .
please run elizabeth - we need you ! ! !
the average per student cost in nj at $ 13,601 / yr , if parents were given that amount either through voucher or tax credits , more could afford to send their kids to ranney .
al your a great comedian you should of stuck to that you are know true politician .
gillibrand 2016 ! ! !
i mean , the corporations could move out of the country , taking many more jobs with them .
funny , but democrats refuse to pass a voter id law requiring everyone to have a valid state id in order to vote .
though , you would think they could just as easily hop aboard their corporate jets to attend a nyc event .
# proudnastywoman # iamstillwithher and kaine ........ trump # notmypresident .
thank you for everything you do , patty , and thank you so much for all you do to help education !
warren wins that debate by a landslide !
she then was a public health nurse in cancer and aids clinics .
after the highly-trained nyc cops shot nine innocent bystanders in their shootout with one perp near the empire state building , do people really think arming teachers would help ?
we are focusing on the fact that she is a woman .... stoppppppp , she &apos;s just as shitty of a human as trump .
keep in mind as you contemplate your plans for the future that we in montana will remember your actions and electronic media records everything these days .
thank you senator kaine !
you must run in 2020 .
good for you jon thank you you are a great man .
a beautiful statement , congresswoman .
based on what i have seen over the last several years workers need as much protection from the union as they do management .
i would have voted warren .
you are a disappointment from monsanto to the poor .
you are the highest paid democratic senator by big pharma .
the long term unemployed ( ltue ) aren &apos;t finding work , congresswoman .
sen klobuchar , do explain why you have a pattern based on your voting record of voting to pass bills you have not read ?
and for the low information voters in our audience , bill pascrell and 162 other democrats voted for the budget deal that did not extend unemployment benefits .
we are proud of your work every day amy .
warren for president ! ! ! !
we need you elizabeth !
trump is really a democrat hiding under the republicans .
do you support hillary ?
the integrity of our democracy is in trouble when people like elizatbeth warren -- who many people , including no myself , formerly admired for her principles and informed battle against financial industry / wall street corruption -- endorsed wall street-banking industry insider , hillary clinton .
why didn &apos;t you support barbara lee and others in congress when they resisted certification of the electoral college today ?
but yeah , keep coming with the racism and sexism remarks .
i am saddened and heartsick with bannon as chosen to be chief strategist for trump administration .
the gun bullies aka the nra run this sideshow , not the atf or congress .
elizabeth warren is not the answer .
mahalo for your service , to our country , tulsi.you are such an incredible person !
i &apos;m with you elizabeth warren .
you are a hero to women !
proud of you , my senator .
you lost me when u sold out to the pharmaceutical industry .
2018 can &apos;t come fast enough !
so far gillibrand is the only one knocking it out of the park .
we will move forward , regardless of what trump and the republicans throw at us .
keep fightin &apos; for your constituents , al .
the may aim of this front is not high capacity but standard , 10 + round capacity magazines for rifles and pistols .
congresswoman was very much a part of these new regulations .
at jfk during a cold saturday afternoon , i saw families with small children , people walking with the assistance of canes or walkers , people who may have loved ones directly affected by trump &apos;s odious , illegal executive order raising their voices and showing their care and support .
thank you for continuing to reject unacceptable nominees .
thank you for your service col duckworth - you make me proud to be an american ..... keep fighting ... we need 535 of you in washington .
looks like a lot of trump trolls are spreading their fear and hate i theses posts .
yes for elizabeth warren .
what makes us believe he is going to act the way you suggest in your blog ms. warren ?
thank you congressman peter defazio !
please , please , pretty please , run with bernie as his vp .
we don &apos;t need more deregulation for banks and wall street .
we should always strive for diversity and tolerance when it comes to opinion , color , religion , and gender .
go , kyrsten , go !
i wasn &apos;t gonna vote for you anyway , debbie stabenow but now i am going to actively campaign against you
perhaps the following 4 years won &apos;t be so difficult if the bipartisan movement continues .
what a horrible message of hatred .
&amp; happy birthday fellow leo , barack !
it is an honor to have you representing oregon .
earl - can you explain to me how voting still matters if we &apos;re going to allow a foreign nation to hack our elections ?
cory , if that money from big pharma meant nothing , how about you do me a solid and pay off some of my public education debt ... just $ 150k for a student that has a degree with a 3.9 gpa and another with cum laude honors .
unbelievably , you still talk of trying to compromise with the jerks , chuck .
thank you senator wyden for speaking out .
being a business owner i do know this &gt; if the minimum wage increases i ( along with all other business owners will charge more for their services ) to compensate any loss in profit margin .
i wish you wouldn &apos;t attend but would join your colleagues to protest .
we also need to be aware of the diversity of native nations in this country .
i am in modesto california and met some time ago can somehow you still remember my name i would like to schedule you for a meet and greet at the king kennedy center please contact me
registered dems out weigh the pubs by a quarter of the vote ... we gotcha &apos; back but we must continue the struggle for fairness across the board ! !
thank you so much for your concern on this issue .
through your endorsement behind bernie you know you want to that will give us a sure victory
this woman will vote for hillary because she is a liberal .
also will this affect the connecticut river transit service ?
so how have prescription costs gone up under the benevolence of that most historic of presidents , bho .
it &apos;s already tragic that they , and we , live in a society that is based on fear and where so much money can be made on the sale of guns and the sale of security systems .
senator klobuchar , please heed our pleas and support international cooperation to handle this problem .
i am especially outraged that their are so many right wingers within the democrat party , including a movement right by president obama .
to both of you ... just back from phone banking to nh .
thanks for the message amy !
excuse me , i meant senator gillibrand .
and yes , those same equal rights that protect you and i as black women , protect everyone else regardless of race , creed , color , gender , religion , or sexual orientation .
when i read the first paragraph , i thought you were going to talk about how hillary bullies the democrats .
ty tammy : )
i stand with you , senator !
i received an e-mail today asking that i ask you not to vote for wall street .
thank you for persisting senator harris !
chances are he &apos;s already lost new york should he be the candidate , and his remarks will only worsen his position here , and with countless women everywhere else .
looking forward to support you in 2020 !
that &apos;s helpful for seniors .
i live in virginia and i am ashamed that a democrat senator from my state voted against affordable medication .
trump represents all our anger at people like you elizabeth warren .
frank , what did you threaten or promise this company with ?
but , i am glad for them in sw oregon .
we got to have somebody , somebody , unlike obviously with corporation commission sweep ( direct mailer -- fully out of state funding -- multi-states strategy ) , actually win a red states seat !
she is a human trafficking victim who has spent the last 18 years of her life in prison and during that time she has earned a college degree and earned the recognition of the corrections officers .
here &apos;s some quotes by hispanic leaders that say it &apos;s white people &apos;s duty to die .
thank you , rep blumenauer !
from market watch - the wall street journal - on the president &apos;s obamacare : http : / / www.marketwatch.com / story / obamacare-will-reduce-us-employment-2013-03-15 ? siteid = yhoof2
i respect the remarks patty has made and know without a doubt she has never forgotten the lives lost on 9 / 11 as well as the many who were lost as a result of 9 / 11 nor has she ever forgotten the people of the state of washington .
there are a couple of people in the government i admire ... one is a commedian and the other is a rabid instigator .. franken and warren .
let the arab league put together a coalition and police their own .
happy holidays to you and yours sir !
just as many talk rubbish about the other candidates as you feel e. warren has talked about trump , but as long as it &apos;s one-sided it &apos;s okay .
aloha tammy !
oregon is lucky to have 2 excellent us senators !
you earl are unfit for office .
congressman yarmuth , thank you for your courage in standing up for kynect.ky.gov and folks desperate for affordable healthcare .
thank you kirsten you so cute !
warren and clinton 😳 😳 😳 😳
cory , when will we see a run for the presidency ?
david tainsh , i &apos;m sorry your attention span is so limited , , the subject here is equal pay for equal work .. but you being male , of course it means little to you
its pathetic to think that a woman is incapable of obtaining her own birth control unless her boss pays for it .
usually that drives me nuts but i &apos;m super pissed and all caps seem warranted )
my belief is they voted repub reps because they thought hrc would win .
thank you congressman brad sherman for your efforts to # releasetherug .
thank you maxine waters ! !
there are many of us that stand with you and senator warren !
you are an even bigger joke and fraud than snyder
this sounds like somebody who wants to be hillary &apos;s vp .
many many many of your constituents phoned and asked you to not attend .
i have yet to see dino rossi posting a sounders victory .
as for equal rights for gay couples , i &apos;m right there with you .
no , that would be you and the clintons , the democratic party is the racist party , and when minorities wake up and realize how you keep them on welfare , just to get there votes , its disgusting , you will never win another election , massachusetts is disgusted by your crap , and your racism .
thanks to the aca mental health is now covered .
there &apos;s a new pharma boy in town .
keep up the good work congressman gerry connolly !
senator : i believe that your real concern is not consumer safety but representing the interests of those 15 of the top 20 global biopharma firms who are either headquartered or have large operating units in new jersey , employing thousands of your constituents.your decision is purely political .
mark , thanks for mentioning those guys i love jindal .
elizabeth warren , you are in a position to help make this happen .
we need more of you and sanders in office !
anthem : ring the bells by leonard cohen mindjustice.org
thank you senator bennet for standing up for the rights of all americans .
thank you derek , and becky the 28th amendment , going around facebook is just a fake !
we are thankful we have people like you , senator wyden , to fight for all of us , not just the ones who hold your religious views on things !
lloyd please submit a bill that would streamline the va process to rid the waiting times of 2 years or more in the appeals process .
i do not believe that dt will help my family in any way !
congressmen pascrell , there needs to be more walking police in this city .
too bad elizabeth warren isn &apos;t running for president , she is brilliant .
sorry warren but we do give a generous amount of pto to our employees .
then in san bernardino more people lost their life &apos;s .
it seems that keith you are still playing both sides of the fence is getting old and telling .
debbie , you &apos;re great and we love you .
i also agree , we need to end this &quot; undemocratic &quot; system ; the electoral college !
trump is clearly a political winner ... it &apos;s his supporters which are the losers .
elizabeth warren , do you know that sex offenders may serve a decade in prison and upon release are required to participate in counseling programs for there illness .
thank you senator kaine for putting her feet to the fire .
limits the formation of such a contract to people along gender lines .
let &apos;s not forget that hillary is winning !
thanks for what you do for us al .
worse humanitarian crisis in our lifetime and since ww2 .
the good things she says about hillary certainly make me not want to listen to a word she says .
oregon has something like a 4 billion dollar annual budget , now , something along those lines , are they still trying to run a tight ship , or maybe taking after california , these days ?
home ownership is increasingly out of reach for the shrinking middle class and new college grads .
jackson khasandi wanyama please read this .
horses have been given all types of drugs that are not good for human consumption , that as been proven to cause cancer and other problems .
it is surely illegal to compel workers or accept work from employees without compensation .
pleasure endorse bernie
i sure hope you haven &apos;t received monies from the pharmaceutical industry .
women are the best .
forrest disbanded the kk in 1869. even general william t. sherman , who had fought against forrest , had the respect of generals for general forrest .
you support the worst democratic candidate in history with bad judgement and ties to wall street and corporate america .
love you and all you stand for tulsi
cry for the u.s. citizens killed by your friends
&quot; cory booker is the number three recipient of money from big pharma in the last two years .
same to you elizabeth your doing a great job fighting for the middle class
keep at it amy .
please support universal background checks and a ban on &quot; aw &quot; and high capacity magazines .
first i complained about his remark that tammy is &quot; not a true hero . &quot;
that is a lame excuse for the real reason you didn &apos;t support this bill ..... what did you say your pharma contributions were last year ? ? ?
the group was formed to help support the 72 percent of washingtonians that voted for bernie sanders .
i saw your crocodile tears .
amy i hope you lose the election , not passing a budget and going home to campain .
wait a minute i read the code--anyone entering the usa that belongs to a social group that threatens the usa is not accepted by the code of immigration you can read senator can &apos;t you ?
big brother nestle and its ilk will next find a way to sell us the air we breathe !
thank you congressman pallone for clearly seeing what an abomination this is , what is at risk , and the frightening slippery slope we are descending down in these first 3 weeks of trump , his administration team , and the republican party &apos;s blind support for his rhetoric and actions .
the inauguration is not even about the person , it &apos;s about the tradition and the constitutional office , about the peaceful transition of power and it &apos;s a celebration of this country &apos;s republic and all that .. you reject for petty , personal differences .
it is scary when corporations are allowed to make the decisions for its employees and their health .
let canada transport it &apos;s oil across the proposed alternative routes through canada .
as my senator , i thank you for speaking out on this .
way to go , amy klobuchar !
sherrod you have my vote .
i am sure you will make the right move to attend the inauguration of a freely , rightly elected president of our country .
best of luck brian !
i , myself , am very pro-piracy , but that doesn &apos;t stop sopa and pipa from sucking .
thank you , thank you , thank you ... cbs projects tim kaine will win u.s. senate race http : / / wtvr.com / 2012 / 11 / 06 / declared-in-u-s-senate-race /
wow .... the trolls have taken over .
please run , senator , please : senator booker please run for president in 2020 and please start mobilizing that effort now .
thank you senator wyden for representing students , education and rationality .
kudos to sen. murray .
typical mn .
thanks for caring and fighting sen. brown .
we are a working middle class area and it &apos;s nice to see a politician recognize and support this .
tammy , you are right .
thanks for your support and fight for common sense food labeling .
need to explain why ... otherwise have to assume you have no progressive ideals .
you &apos;re doing great representing nh &apos;s interests .. including by obstructing the illegitimate &quot; president &quot;
thank you keep going debbie please .
john dillon ... perhaps you should do more research about the votes &amp; counts referring to tax cuts during the bush administration before blaming senator schumer .
you are a horrible lady
should be a nice profit sharing in march !
now you tell me how many criminals and mental people are going to follow your rules ms kilpatrick ? ? ?
but hey , it &apos;s a female democrat !
both trump and hillary have high disapproval ratings and they are friends .
but elizabeth warren is s nut job !
peaceful protest is good , but not violence , nor trying to stop others &apos; freedom of speech or peaceful protest .
please do everything you can to stand with and support all of us , and please create effective opportunities for us to stand with each other and with you - with a progressive vision .
democratic	test		women ! !
so thank you from one oregon resident !
thank you for fighting for the aca .
amy , as you can see all that matters to cyberheads is their endless hours online playing juvenile cat &amp; mouse games .
these methods are available at an affordable price through planned parenthood .
happy thanksgiving to you from belgium 😊
because you useless fucked up democrats didn &apos;t do you your job this happens .
if hillary becomes the democratic nominee trump will beat her in the general election , so everyone voting hillary right now is just casting an indirect vote for trump
ms. degette , i appoligize for not calling you , as you are my congresswoman , during the last week to tell you how awesome you are .
thanks for supporting bernie !
trump will chew him up and spit him out .
he owes his seat to dnc finances and lobbyists .
thank you mr. blumenauer for helping in this issue .
please consider being that leader senator warren .
anyone who knew of paul and shelia remeber where they were when they heard the news of his plane going down in a beautiful area of minnesota .
minnesotans are so fortunate to have this great woman serving them .
every politician supporting hillary will be voted out as soon as possible !
i feel it &apos;s a women &apos;s choice , especially if they were raped or are in a situation where they have to have this done , but there are women out there that have one abortion after another .... now that &apos;s disgusting ! !
donal trump is what this country needs , its funny how the president , republicans and democrats are all talking against him .
can &apos;t wait to vote for whoever runs against rick snyder !
kirsten if you object the selection of bannon it is only because you are blatant anti-semite , that is why you supported the iran deal , remember .
because by definition , we are sending the same drugs to canada at a lower cost and asking to get them back at a lower cost .
no way i can support trump ... still praying somehow , someway bernie can get the candidacy .
i am still uncomfortable with your logging proposal senator wyden .
there is not one shred of truth to the statement you made about the scotus decision concerning the hobby lobby case .
_ obama &apos;s 3 million vote , electoral college landslide , majority of states mandate _ john nichols on november 9 , 2012 - 2 : 49 pm et &#91; excerpt &#93; &quot; the vote count in national elections is never finished on election night .
thank you so much , i &apos;m very disappoint in chuck schumer , you have voted no on trump &apos;s nominees while schmuer has disappointed me by voting with the republicans yes
if you really want to avoid it , endorse senator bernie sanders .
love you merkley and defazio but my goodness what a bunch of difficult people you have to try to work with .
it is hard to decide who is worst warren or clinton .
i adore you , ms. warren .
stop accepting cash from big pharma .
big pharma sellout is what you are
amen louise slaughter .. u have always stood your ground for all of us .. we should all have each other &apos;s back
and happy blessed new year debbie
focus on community colleges and building stronger curriculum for k-12 .
you have always been a champion of voting rights of any sort , and the access to the means of voting--so practical , i love it .
hillary &apos;s speech was awesome and let people know we are still a great nation .. we can always improve but not with the russians help .....
sherrod is a real champion on the federal level .
thank you for all your hard work to reduce gun violence !
cory booker you remain the sane voice i need to hear everyday .
http : / / piratebay.org oh man bennet you are now in violation of your law .
well get to work on ridding us of the electoral college then .
but why did you vote to fast track tpp ?
did you not say on november 17 , 2015 that a refugee pause may be necessary ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
while i deeply respect law enforcement personnel , no matter how one looks at this incident , it is still &quot; an unarmed woman with her baby in the car was shot and killed in capitol hill today . &quot;
we are very proud of you , senator amy klobuchar
thanks rick for good information .
elizabeth says it like it is ... but with a brain , not like trump .
that you earl - no let &apos;s stop this maddness
mahalo rick !
arrogance : an insulting way of thinking or behaving that comes from believing that you are better , smarter , or more important than other people in 2004 , a one-term senator from illinois took the stage to deliver the keynote speech at the democratic national convention in boston .
i fail to understand why you won &apos;t stand with the choices your fellow vermonters made in february by having not already endorsed bernie sanders .
we need more women legislators like you .
did you really equate what you do with those who have actually given their life for this country ?
we are so lucky to have you looking out for us .
va legislature is reaching way tooo far into women &apos;s health !
fast tracking the tpp is undemocratic , and i expect my lawmakers to oppose it .
thank you mark , you work so hard for us .
you are awesome miss warren !
&quot; i would never sell out the public interest to big corporations &quot; -- sen. charles schumer ( d-wall street ) .
@ sydney - the dems were in charge of both the house and the senate , so if the economy was &quot; destroyed &quot; in 2008 as you claim , it was the dem &apos;s job - and last time i checked , comrade pallone was -and still is- a dem .
but not against the injustice of rigged prescription drug costs ?
i am extremely disappointed in you as an elected official deciding on partisan grounds not to attend the inauguration .
thank you for your kind words , jackie .
much aloha to you , tulsi .
thank you rep. lloyd doggett ! !
you and bernie need to talk about another party !
wow , the trolls are out tonight .
just more asphalt for the tpp and more countries to trade natural gas to and take over globally with this corporate coup d &apos;etat .
well put , sen. warren .
debbie , you are amazing .
are the canadians dropping dead left and right cory ?
you talk about him filing corporate bankruptcy , and how exactly was the gov &apos;t bailout of the entire auto and banking industry on the taxpayers backs any better ? ?
let us lead with peace toward each other .. if there isn &apos;t peace and strength among us , where is our safety ?
you have proven you are not the candidate the democratic party needs or will look to in 2020. the safety issue is an old chestnut dreamt up on k street over 20 years ago .
well said amy .
just viewed youtube of sanders of vermont !
we are depending on our elected democratic senators to fight rigorously against the hatred , bigotry and ignorance of the trump administration .
i am hoping that you will join the list of politicians who will boycott the inauguration : http : / / fusion.net / story / 380760 / boycotting-inauguration-trump-list /
again and again , democrats try to take the high road .
thanks for being part of machine politics that de railed bernie sanders and gave us donald trump .
let &apos;s have unlimited peace and humanitarian help only .
it &apos;s even worse that you represent minnesota and then have people from california working your campaign .
as you can see mr. booker , people do not buy your brand of reasoning .
as my senator , i expect you will hear our voices and fight against these cabinet choices and votes to remove healthcare , etc .
god bless you , tammy .
please , senator , you must endorse bernie sanders ! ! !
us spends multiples more than other wealthy countries combined on &quot; defense &quot; or better , a security / resource acquisition force for multinational energy companies .
i can now get a car loan at my credit union as low as 2.75 % , or a home equity loan at 3.3 % ( i checked on line ... check your bank / credit loan . )
bernie is our best bet against trump .
she probably isn &apos;t the first criminal to get nominated , so yeah , congratulations on burying bernie .
only a daring congressman like john garamendi has courage to support the minorities of the world &amp; so he has supported the cause of sikhs .
then you should be endorsing senator sanders not hillary clinton with all that blood on her hands .
just to be clear , this is not directed at your work , amy .
yeah , and tears are running down the faces of loved ones that have lost family members from absolutely horrible radical islamic terrorist attacks too .
it seems to me that big oil and gas , banks and companies like monsanto are running our government and running roughshod over our civil liberties , together with members of congress and the administration .
she did win , the electoral college elected trump .
go get &apos; em , mr. blumenauer !
fellow colorado senator gardner has so far not offered any position that i can find .
for ted and those who rely on their personal choice of bible to set their perspective ( s ) , take comfort in knowing that minnesota is doing the right thing .
now , be a good senator , amy .
i am one of your constituents and am proud to have you representing us !
trump is second rate st best .
you are a fucking embarrassment
thank you elizabeth , for saying what has been on my mind .
do your job the people have spoken and they want bernie sanders
trump has gone from embarrassing to despicable
i &apos;ve only met her a handful of times , but i can tell you this much about tammy : in 2012 , the voice of people who work hard in this state and play by the rules will have a friend and leader in tammy duckworth .
chuck , remind the muslim communities that the people that are marchiing are all americans .
so when are you going to back bernie sanders elizabeth so we can &quot; move forward as one nation &quot; ?
i liked his thoughts on boosting the economy to create more jobs , i loved the idea of extensive funding for better education , i whole heartily believe in equal pay for women but i have to disagree with extending unemployment .
east ft bliss and all the great expansion happening !
the dems need to move forward .
other cowardly congressmen and women would buckle under such peer pressure and corporate endorsement , but i have faith that you , congressman jim mcdermott , are stronger .
fk u al .
as a huge fan of yours i find it very disappointing that you voted with the pharmaceutical industry and against the people .
thank you sherrod for having our 6. you can count on us for having yours as well .
for those of u commenting that canadian drugs are not safe that is not what the senator is saying .
explain - why you sit on the ny fed ; do you not see a conflict of interest ?
we in nj have the best senator ... thoughtful , caring and respectful of everyone !
schumer is a treasonous child ass raping pederast !
the voices you represent shouted bernie at 72.7 % .
these amendments are inconsistent with traditional minnesota values .
the mass majority are gang / drug related , which is perpetuated by the failed war on drugs that perpetuates violence versus actually solving anything ( drugs are more prevalent now than ever despite the nearly trillion dollars spent and the highest amount of prisoners incarcerated the world has ever seen ) .
thank you for speaking out so eloquently .
remember that cory ( said in a mocking tone ) .
the only scientists who do not label are the &apos; tobacco scientists . &apos;
you and senator schumer can have such a huge impact by taking a stand against this appointment .
ekizabeth warren .
think if we took the kind of $ dt is willing to build a wall ( that also w / cost millions to maintain ) and put that $ in education instead ! ! ! !
the monstrous lie that families will be torn apart and forcing all immigrants to stay in the shadows is just using fear tactics to terrorize children .
congratulations , debbie !
please join bernie sanders and tulsi gabbard and speak out against the horrific treatment of native americans at standing rock .
hilary never had our support .
elizabeth warren , you should just plain be ashamed .
how about housing homeless veterans .
we americans must stand up , unite and speak for peace , unity and equality , for all .
don &apos;t presume to label me .
tulsi gabbard thank you so much for the time you &apos;ve devoted to bernie &apos;s campaign , and resigning from your job , it shows the kind of person you are .
targeting 2nd amendment rights and responsibilities seems wrong , senator gillibrand .
and you don &apos;t understand that we &apos;re sick of corporate politicians because they vote against our interests .
run for president elizabeth warren , we need someone like you .
ron wyden is a socialist .
i guess the narrative that this is an anti-immigration ban is another instance of an &quot; alternate fact . &quot;
bernie sanders and elizabeth warren are two of the few really independent champions of the democratic process and its voters .
your silence is deafening
agree from a gender equality perspective , but the requirements for burial at arlington have changed dramatically due , sadly , to a lack of space .
looting victims should protect their property .
illinois is not a state making any progress either .
you know minn nurses assoc supported rep melins original bill last session in mn .
but many shootings are the result of mentally unstable people .
i was fully expecting amy to do a pandering photo op with a muslim terrorist but sadly she was distracted by another communists power grab .
well , chuck philbrick , we certainly don &apos;t need a government that has no respect or concern for the working class .
great news , senator murray !
hey rick , how about representing the will of the people , who overwhelmingly reject obamacare ?
thank you for this statement sen. murray .
please endorse senator bernie sanders .
congressman welch- thank you for supporting net neutrality .
an amazing woman and role model .
thank you elizabeth warren for helping her ! !
happy birthday to you .
i think it &apos;s time for joseph to learn how to count .
nice goin &apos; , al !
don &apos;t agree with miss coulter on that one mike.my statement was a repeat of the dem fear mong .
thank you k diddock former oregonian .
my guess is that rep. ellison still buys into this war on drugs nonsense and is perfectly fine supporting that useless crusade while dangerous and violent convicts are given slaps on the wrist to mitigate the lack of prison space .
thank you very much for opposing sessions .
i &apos;m proud of you mr. sherrod for being so great at what you do !
the upcoming inauguration of donald trump is being met with mass trepidation from not just americans , but by millions of people around the world .
thanks for sharing debbie
minnesota had the chance to vote this impractical joker out of office &amp; they blew it .
among those at risk for the illness , bipolar disorder is appearing at increasingly early ages .
i got one of those clinton / dodd / frank mortgages .
and senator lets do something with our mental health system that is clearly failing people .
their supporters will argue until they &apos;re blue in the face about this and trough mountains of evidence .
she was goldwater girl in the sixties who was a racist against mlk and civil rights .
my wife , son , two daughters and their spouses all voted for bernie in the caucus and would like to share our reasoning .
sen. warren , i know the likelyhood of you actually seeing this is slim , but as a dumbfounded , gob-smacked democrat .
so the pills in canada aren &apos;t quite safe enough for you ?
if hobby lobby really thinks some contraceptives are forms of abortion and that they &apos;re against their religion why do they have investments in abortion medicines and the morning after pill ?
shameful , disgraceful , in the path of continued acts of violence .
does that mean brown will not except big money , g.e.
global warming = a myth created by large corporations seeking to create a new market for energy credits whose eventual cost will be borne by the middle class .
make ending the electoral college system your priority .
if you occupy idiots are going to protest a company such as national fuel gas find out where their corporate offices are first .
have lived in michigan all but one year of my life .
minnesota is also a very broken place now , i am honored you are our senator and my daughter ( and son ) look up to you as do i !
no the people did not elect him.the electoral college elected him ;
schools in these rural towns are very important for the community
ms. warren &apos;s a class act .
if sugar content is identified , if products are able to be labeled &quot; lactose free &quot; , then what is the harm in labeling foods that contain gmos ?
bernie sanders would never vote on something that would harm the american people .
happy new year to ny &apos;s wonderful junior senator !
jason- senator stabenow won her re-election with a huge margin already .
i thought you were able to see through the hrc lies , debbie .
you are in bed with big pharma .
smart elizabeth ?
another phoney with a hateful agenda ... we need someone positive that has ideas ... not someone who blames others ... this liberal b / s has run its course ... warren has no integrity what so ever ...
thank you senator klobuchar for all you do .
your an inspiration to women .
i agree with everything you said about trump , please fight on for the american people , elizabeth .
she is one great person !
congratulations rick .
our democracy is in serious jeopardy .
the tallest smoke stack in north america is a nickel mine in canada which is the largest producer of acid rain in n.a.
does that mean then , your fellow representatives who are not not attending are not living up to their oaths ?
thank you , mr defazio and gov .
thank you , ms. warren , i look forward to campaigning for you .
so true and if you think what happened in orlando was horrific well get trump in there and you will see what happens maybe to your child or even yourself ( hope i am wrong ) .
thank you , senator wyden , for speaking up against bigotry , white nationalism , and racism being normalized and given access to the institutions that govern our country .
our country needs to be fixed , you &apos;re certainly not doing it elizabeth warren
again , senator shaheen thank you ! ! !
in my experience , only union jobs have equal pay .
two great things about michigan , its water resources and its people
rep. sinema represents what i hope the future of the democratic party should be .
yes why don &apos;t you endorse bernie ?
you wish people happy &quot; something &quot; and you authorize the murder of children !
trump will not be hillary if we all get behind her .
then it is in the best interest of the country for bernie to put his full support behind a hillary candidacy so he can move his agenda forward while allowing the democrats to focus on retaining the white house .
i , m happy and also so proud to have you in the senate me too ! ! !
why did you vote against allowing choices for americans to chose where they order their drugs from .
a militarized police force is making a few a lot of money but i don &apos;t know how safe it is making the rest of us .
for a congresswoman you are humble , approachable and have worked tirelessly to provide jobs and help people .
reading these comments from trump lovers makes me realize how very stupid so many people are .
in 2012 , her accountant provided additional detail -- more than required by senate rules , according to ron wyden &apos;s staff -- on her holdings .
there are republicans that live in ct and are not being considered through straight party-line voting .
we need you and bernie !
this isn &apos;t the 1950 &apos;s , minimum wage jobs are what &apos;s available for most people .
the same to you , sen. franken !
it &apos;s 2013 this should exist already- can you focus on dismantling monsanto and stop poisoning our water supply ?
or should i say this is fake news .
this is not an explanation of your action in voting against the bernie amendment .
i love kamala .
crooked hillary !
clinton should pull out and leave the way clear for president sanders .
i know many life-long die-hard democrats who are fed up enough that they are willing to sacrifice 4 years to teach the dnc and our representatives to listen to those of us who care enough to vote .
if ms. warren was running as the democratic candidate , i might consider her for the presidency .
i want to know why anyone listens to al sharpton .
can &apos;t that bill have provisions that would make those medicines only available for sale with fda approval ?
you inspire all us &quot; regular &quot; americans .
so proud to have you as our senator .
it is more important now — maybe more important than it &apos;s ever been — that we stand with nancy in the fight for middle class families .
thank you , representative lowenthal !
inner city minorities worse off than they were 50yrs.ago.
usa won the first one , canada the second , which mattered more : - ( with two teams so equally good , it &apos;s a matter of luck .
also , canada has stringent standards .
thank you for constant humanitarian work , you are in a class of your own as a politician .
senator byrd is analogous to kurt waldheim .
senator gillibrand is a strong fighter .
give em hell amy !
unfortunately the trump supporters who i know take every attack as lies and conspiracy and it makes them dig their heels in and be even more determined to have him elected .
great job va , and good luck mr. kaine .
&quot; ... let &apos;s recommit ourselves to working together toward equality and respect for the value of each of us as human beings &quot; where does the slaughter of the unborn fit in this &quot; respect the value of each of us &quot; mrs stabenow ?
thank you , teddy , for your voice .... and , thank you , elizabeth , for carrying on his legacy !
rip , jim oberstar .
do you really think that corporations should be free to do whatever they want ?
it tears my heart apart to know that there are children and adults suffering , but there isn &apos;t a good answer .
most people who own guns are responsible gun owners who practice gun safety .
as always , i &apos;m proud to be your student and constituent .
how &apos;d you do on the sanders bill ? ? ?
so much for preaching peace during a holiday month for just that purpose ! !
thanks for everything you do claire !
you are one hard worker , so proud to have you in mn .
cory you need to be ready for 2020 !
was one of 12 dems who are in the pockets of big pharma who voted against sanders &apos; amendment this week to lower the cost of perscription drugs .
tad , wyden makes it clear with his last sentence that &apos; romney has never endorsed any of these new protections for seniors &apos; .
you should have backed bernie from the start .
really hoping you will oppose the tpp .
amy are you going to stand up for the epa and clean air for us ?
hey fenton ... how about you open your own business , instead of riding the coattails of others , and then tell me about how you want your blood , sweat , and tears distributed to others .
and the democrat establishment didn &apos;t own washington , corporate lobbyists , big banks , and wall street .
my state did me proud today .
senator klobuchar , senator franken , i am appalled by your vote in support of the new roberts-stabenow compromise ( s.764 ) to ban state laws to label gmos .
you sealed your fate for 2020 .
to become retroactively effective in five years--if , for a change , they actually show investment in creating jobs that are in the usa , with decent salaries and adequate benefits !
love you , you are jersey &apos;s superhero !
i am a speech-language therapy student in minnesota and i was so gladdened to see that you are working to improve access to speech-generating devices at a federal level .
senator shaheen - how about starting with john kerry and the us govt .
how many times do we have to see our fellow americans gunned down on the streets with no hope of escaping the horrific violence brought on by assault rifles ?
chris - you mean anna little
however , you do have time to defend hillary clinton , she is a big girl , she could speak for herself !
with all trumps negative remarks about women , muslims , mexicans and his failure to denounce the kkk you think his candidacy would have stalled .
from the cbs interview this morning , it seems that warren may be running with hc as vp .
one of our great friends at the cloud foundation , charlotte roe , wrote an excellent letter to oregon state university regarding the blm mare surgical sterilization research .
patty , i have to ask - does anything you work on / not / require another huge chunk of money to be spent out of my pocket ?
duckworth &amp; foxx
it is frightening and saddening to think what lies ahead .
she doesn &apos;t want to hear about the study that showed gmo-fed rats developed mass tumors and died premature deaths .
new york super chunk fudge !
thanks , rep. doggett .
stop taking rights and gun privliges away from law bidding citzens ... what &apos;s so hard to understand about that ... crimnals get guns no matter what your laws say ... people kill other people .. no matter what your laws say ! ... guns don &apos;t kill people .. and if women didnt victimize themselves then they wouldn &apos;t be victims !
awesome job madame senator .
mitch mcconnell &apos;s wife was picked for trump &apos;s cabinet .
the men have a very low opinion of a woman &apos;s worth and that is not going to change simply because they get a geographic change .
incredibly sad that you lawmakers care about corporate agricultural subsidies and want to label people based on racist assumptions that underpin the drive to cut food stamp benefits .
congratulations and thank you for your encouraging words .
that is what inciting violence means .
and all this marching will help , how
ct has some of toughest gun laws ... thats not security it &apos;s just words pn paper .
but i want you supporters of this amendment to know , i will be here and ready to work with you to advance the cause of legal equality .
that vote a lot like frank .
thank you for your service debbie .
you have so evolved into an amazing senator !
represent your people , instead of lining your pockets with whatever hillary is paying you .
how about you give back the + / - $ 400,000 in big pharma money that you accepted ?
i don &apos;t remember the last business elizabeth warren started ..... huh ..... i &apos;ll google it .
thanks for all the wonderful things you do not just for new yorkers but everyone especially on issues affecting women and children ....
we need to reign in wall street .
elizabeth cline
wow , elizabeth , you are my hero !
this does seem as if the party , as sen. brown has stated , compromised too much , gave too much ground to the opposition , and failed to use the powerful majority in congress as well as the momentum of president obama &apos;s election .
you need to grow some balls schumer .
senator schumer , i don &apos;t need anyone to stand up for me .
citizens united , the transpacific union and the bypass of net neutrality
by all means tammy needs to be voted into congress !
while i think patty murray is a good senator from washington state , she is part of the &quot; old guard &quot; and was a super delegate for hillary , despite a huge outpouring of support in her home state for bernie sanders .
and don &apos;t hide behind the false &quot; safety &quot; claim as you are well aware canadians have safety protocols , too , and most of their meds are manufactured in the us anyway .
it is an actual threat to democracy .
ya , trumps &apos; make murica great again &apos; = make america racist again , make america homophobic again , make america prejudiced again .
it &apos;s time gays get equality .
the best way to stop trump is to join me in voting for hillary clinton in november .
ron , you should try being respectful of your political opponents some time , instead of resorting to your notoriously signature and well known character assassination , oh wait , as a democrat you dont know how to do anything else .
hip hip hooray to jackie speier for telling her story on the abortion issue on the floor of the congress to point out how important it is to have a choice ! ! !
thank you congressman alcee l. hastings .... together we will all end this vile trade worldwide !
thank you , senator coons !
you deserve something far better than the cesspool that is the dnc .
it &apos;s ok , colleen .
i also know that i am an out and proud gay man who has been with his partner ( boyfriend , cohort , significant other ... etc ) for 8 years now .
i &apos;d like more information about why you and maria cantwell voted no .
f tpp .
thank you for the important work you are doing on our behalf !
i just found this in my email ... hi rick you gave me a handout of your call for a con-con .
boeing owes patty a great deal ....
washington will continue to be called out with www.voterfight.com follow us on fb still we will miss jon stewart !
unfortunately target carries 99.999 % made in china , not made in minnesota .
i &apos;m not sure why you wouldn &apos;t want children to have every safety measure known to man ?
( and i am also a big supporter of representative ellison ! ! )
44 democrates vote in trump swamp monsters .
well vote fir hillary then !
thank you earl blumenauer , senator ron wyden , jeff merkley , susan bonamicci , sally yates , senator chuck schumer , et al .
kyrsten sinema , i &apos;m already signed up but would love to meet up with you and run with you a little bit .
your vote against legalizing canadian drug imports is unforgivable .
very much appreciated , governor kaine ( soon to be senator ! ) .
i wonder how much money he gets from the big pharmacy companies .
elizabeth , we will end up with clinton v trump as expected .
# stillsanders # alwayssanders # neverkillary # corruptpolitics we are large in numbers
too bad the state of montana doesn &apos;t recognize the lilly ledbetter fair pay act .
and then in 2 years they will vote in even greater house and senate majorities and the entire democratic party can take a long vacation .
give &apos; em hell , chuck !
i guess that violence is permissible - pure left wing hypocrisy .
climate change has been happening since the day mother earth was created .
black white purple or green act like a rabid animal get treated like a rabid animal
he wa a great public servant
thank you for your questioning of this unfit appointment .
the fda is too beauracradic !
you are the worst senator ever .
dear congressman brad sherman , everyone that i know still likes you .
mark , i &lt; 3 you .
once again ms harris you &apos;ve shown your loyalty to be to other than the citizens of this country ! !
patty you are the best .
trump is the only anti nwo , anti globalist candidate .
schumer you &apos;ll cry about a muslim but you democraps wont cry about an american soldier dying or a military vet you have living on thee streets ... typical liberal democraps ...
its cowardice like yours that made me reject the democratic party and no , i haven &apos;t merely switched sides .
kamala harris your going to change the world by being a great senator !
if warren thinks obama should still president that just shows how both should not win this election .
donald trump will be an amazing president and you can leave like all of the stupid celebrities !
senator warner , i worked as an educator in virginia for thirty years !
please do the right thing , save us from a trump presidency by supporting and pursuing bernie sanders for potus .
bravo ms warren ! ! &apos;
if the democrats felt the could have run someone better in vermont they should have but evidently they were fine with it and although i understood he was an independent , i was shocked when bill clinton said sanders had been involved in dscc events and fundraising .
you can eat a dick too .
patty , you &apos;ve done so much to try to get the care and benefits our veterans deserve , bless you ... congratulations i &apos;m happy that you are publicly recognized for your hard work !
makes me think most un-christian thoughts as far as nra is concerned !
rep. lewis is an american hero .
stop twisting the facts ; it also is equal experience , equal education , and a professional demeanor , ability and attitude on the job .
we dearly love team franken , and wish ya`ll the best !
i &apos;m so disappointed to see you support discrimination against women and children who are fleeing isis .
and stop monsanto , stop the fda approval of frakenfish and label gmo &apos;s .
i &apos;m with elizabeth warren 2024 .
but i hope that we can all unite in these disaster clean up efforts , though the storm is still raging , so we aren &apos;t nearly there in being able to assess all the damage .
women for women !
i &apos;ve been a fan of yours for years , and am proud to have you representing oregon on the national front .
we are counting on your resistance of trump &apos;s dangerous policies .
environmental protections will need to be assured , but a pipeline from canada and &quot; fracking &quot; are necessities .
mandatory mental health therapy for all congresspersons .
good news boeing won the air tanker contract .
jeanne , lets be real and expose these crooks for who they are .
you must not know anyone depending on prescription drugs .
why we hate fracking { cause they poison } our water , so we have nothing when planet x causes { the great } destruction ... buddah ~ https : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = chx0kl0xruk
explore the current gun laws on the books , don &apos;t make new laws .
i thank you for your amazing work in politics and hope maybe you will be president one day hehe .
same to you , senator debbie !
i &apos;ve been more in touch with what is going on for patty murray with facebook .
scott brown served honorable in the united states army ........ i &apos;d say he did a lot seeming 93 % of the population never served .
i will be joining the women &apos;s march in oakland to boycott donald trump &apos;s inaugeration .
ignorance is not bliss
those who are crying cause trump won or for those happy he won ?
deception pass bridge replacement ?
thank you for your beautiful speech , tulsi gabbard !
the va attack on women is terrifying and we need to join together to fight it !
many call defective donald roaring jackass crazy
dear congress woman maxine waters i would say to the republicans that &quot; if they favor the richest 1 % over the rest of us , the the rest of the 99 % of us &quot; the working class &quot; will have them removed from there positions in government ! ! ! ...
why isn &apos;t the entire dnc calling for an investigation into how hrc could get 2 million + more votes and still lose ? ? ? ?
stfu booker
give &apos; em hell patty .
well said congressman pallone
so let me asked more directly , how does the proposed amendment you voted down not address safety concerns ?
furthering a tradition of finding new ways to blow big games .
good one , amy .
eid mubarak to you as well keith ellison and may god bless your work
palin and the other political opponents of congresswoman giffords need to take responsibly for the violence driven by their demagoguery rhetoric .
§ 924 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( a ) — for carrying , using , or possessing a firearm in connection with a federal crime of violence or drug trafficking .
corey booker you will never become anything more than a senator that took money from big pharma with this stance .
i don &apos;t care if you have different opinions from senator franken , but try to act like an adult and maybe form a real sentence to articulate what you don &apos;t agree with .
patty plz join congressman mike fitzpatrick on the arielgraceslaw h.r.5403 and stop # bayer from continuing to harm women with its faulty # essure !
senator warren , how will you hold him accountable if he does not ?
thankful you are still my congressperson , lloyd .
stop spreading extreme right wing propaganda about socialism , &apos; cause some people may believe it .
while they are no longer here on earth , those of us that are left behind would love to visit with them in a space that is peaceful and serene not ugly and brown .
you &apos;re the best congressman bill pascrell , jr . !
thanks congressman yarmuth .
when 4.5 million women march for the civil rights is the women in qatar and other muslim nations , maybe i will care .
thank you , congresswoman speier for taking this on and trying to help us make change ! !
i hope you are now listening to nh voters , and we want change , we are sick of the establishment and sick of nancy pelosi !
hold your ground sen booker .
i since have moved away from oregon but still consider oregon home and ron wyden my senator !
wondering if my congresswoman , betty mccollum oppose sopa ?
bernie for minority leader http : / / bernieforleader.com / ? source = share
trump &apos;s picks are not what democracy looks like !
i pray you are right , ms. harris .
wonderful tribute , sen. franken .
we will vote you out office for this attack on working class oregonians , ron wyden .
again , we have severe problems in this country and al is worrying about cell phones .
i &apos;ve been a fan since you knocked on our door in portland to ask to put a sign in our front yard when you first were running for congress .. tpp will determine if i support you any further , please do the right thing for american jobs !
patty murray has worked tirelessly for the people of our state ! !
we also need you to do everything in your power to hold trump accountable for his involvement with the putin interference in our electoral process .
better a rubber stamp for the dems , which she is not , than one for the right wing tea bag republicans .
if you see senator gardner in the halls , tell him colorado is watching .
thank you for fighting and believing in hawaii !
thank you for not only your assistance in repealing dadt , but also strides like these to make life truly equal for all vets .
you are such a role model for women
in this election peaceful protesters could easily be infiltrated .
racism and xenophobia has been simmering among us for quite some time !
you may have sneaked past last november because there was no one to oppose you , but progressives will be actively shopping for a new progressive senator for 2020 !
withold consent senator chuck schumer ! !
i &apos;m kissing up to my congresswoman cuz she &apos;s been on top of the martin murder .
al , i voted for you in 06 &apos; i have backed you on a lot stuff , however fifa and pipa was the last straw .
look forward to meeting with you regarding the youth projects for the new year .
thank you , sen. senator mark warner ! !
romello michael : &quot; explain the racism &amp; sexism ?
it is time for democrats to be proactive and fight for us .
good luck to you senator cory booker as you use your voice to stand up for the american people this week , albeit at clear odds with many .
we will oppose anyone this illegitimate presidency puts forward .
let &apos;s honor his legacy of voting &quot; no &quot; for every relocation of an nfl franchise by keeping the buffalo bills in western new york indefinitely .
so yes thank sen patty and president obama this is a very good thing lets hope the banks see it too .
mine , along with millions of others , will not be silenced by the dnc and their corrupt canidate .
there was a study done that showed that 80 % of what we pay for name brand medication hoes toward advertising .
trump is a realist , elizabeth warren is an idealist .
liberals will never let racism end .
it appears you take the conscious route for the greatest good of others only when it serves you best .
sen. booker , you dressed up like a progressive for a sec but we woke now .
they want to see that you &apos;re for progressive causes and will actually fight for them .
why is al in texas ?
we need to improve mental health care , including more beds in hospitals to keep those who need it locked away to protect themselves and the rest of us .
this type of fear mongering is divisive and unproductive .
senate democrats are the protectors of women and minorities now ; i &apos;m sure you &apos;ll handle that responsibility with great care .
you old folks ( like me ) should get off face book and cat photos and look at the real news on twitter # ferguson - looting over blown , peaceful protest is the norm , being met with teargas and violence for no reason .
i loved her speech .
this is why rep. larsen references obama .
being a big fan of you but also horrified by the events at sandy hook , what is your going forward position on gun violence ?
he &apos;s incites the audience with pleas for physical violence .
nice to see you on the right side of this issue , as always , jackie .
we wouldn &apos;t be reading news stories about people being arrested for piracy if we didn &apos;t already have the laws that we need .
thanks you for opposing sen. session &apos;s nomination .
canadians are just as concerned about the safety of their medicines as we are .
mr. larsen , please do the right thing and support the nominee that 72.7 % of democratic voters support .
nj prosecutor thinks probation is okay for man beating woman but ten years is about right for this mistake ... http : / / www.inquisitr.com / 1471690 / prosecutor-who-let-ray-rice-off-the-hook-demands-jail-time-for-single-mom-licensed-gun-owner / &#91; &#91; share &#93; &#93;
warren is a delusional beyond repair .
i &apos;ve said it before , and i will say it again .... get rid of the electoral college .
oh and keep it up cheri , you &apos;re doing a great job , working for all of us .
join senators coons and casey and 31 other true supporters of peace .
at least trump says his truth .
thank you , patty , for all you do for us--we &apos;re behind you 100 % !
cheers to you elizabeth warren : ) of only more people understood how to progress as a nation .
violence against women is deplorable .
thank you debbie , you are a great senator !
but plenty of women have strapped bombs to themselves as well as the men .
barbara healey , you are crazy .
canada is 18th , japan is 39th , france 10th , sweden 25th , and united kingdom 41st .
i was so inspired meeting you april 28th at the women &apos;s right &apos;s rally for unitewomen.org.
the electoral college is outdated and we should be electing by popular vote !
senator cory booker ( d-nj ) , representing the neoliberal establishment wing of the party , has one path .
you need t move to canada dumb debbie .
and you also know that hillary is .
and maybe , if we &apos;re lucky , booker 2020 !
build your anne frank room , now .
i love malala and i love you cory booker .
thanks , rick - those are the issues we sent you 2 washington to fix !
just like when seattle got beat by the steelers .
amy , we need more people in the senate like you .
for god sakes where was all this concern when the dnc stole the election from bernie ? ? ! !
btw , senator , if you should see cory gardner from my state in a corridor ... trip him .
kirsten , the white house must take a hard line stance against islamic terror .
i &apos;ll be posting a pic of the food i purchased for the challenge soon .
so why did vote against sanders pharma bill ?
bernie stole hillary &apos;s data , hillary didn &apos;t retaliate , she forgave , when bernie won some states it was within the margin of error .
why did you not support bernie &apos;s bill for medical support from canada ?
a sad excuse for a minnesotan , but than again you are a carpetbagger and don &apos;t live in minnesota .
&quot; fortunately elizabeth you do not speak for every citizen .
minn lucky to have you .
if there are those in the otherwise responsible law enforcement community who believe that routine harassment and violation of basic human rights is funny or a means to promotion , then we need to turn the light on very brightly for them .
and clinton is a murdering traitor and sanders is a commie .
want to tell the people of mn about the sexual antics of bill clinton ?
big pharma owns you and paid nearly half a million to do so but it &apos;s the american people who will pay the price .
please run for president cory
debbie , i think mr bush took care of the killing when he was in power .
... and this people , is how you topple a country.thanks trump
when you vote for unqualified , wealthy people for cabinet jobs it screams of bribery or blackmail .
i wish i had you to represent me jackie , run for president and i &apos;ll vote for you .
there were a few bad apples that deserve your wrath for wrongdoing at heald ( if the evidence proves valid ) but not the number of people you affected .
kamala harris you are needed at sfo now .
trump &apos;s people who are running his campaign have a history of degrading women and race .
i just don &apos;t know how you &apos;re going to make any progress , elizabeth warren ; i know you will continue to fight and i applaud you for your steadfast service .
uphold roe v wade and national gay marriage .
it was the protesters ( most likely bernie voters ) causing trouble for the cops , not the trump voters .
peace to katherine , you , and your family during this difficult time .
ms. warren , you are amazing !
peaceful yes , illicit transfer of power certainly .
thank you senator for your wisdom , grace and leadership .
i want someone to point out that a fascist is at the helm .
i &apos;m scared - very scared ... of bannon and sessions and flynn and priebus and putin and what will likely happen to the scotus .
you had a chance to continue to build a case for you as a progressive force in the senate .
please vote against the tpp !
donald is a slug but so is hillary .
happy birthday , fellow virgo .
oh elizabeth , i am thrilled that you are getting the support you deserve
cory booker i agree on almost everything you stand for , but you are wrong on this issue , canada drugs are safe , they are not a third world country .
sure , support sanders and availability for all goes away .
what is the status of the blue water navy agent orange bill , why cannot this bill be brought to the damn floor for a vote .
thank you for your hard work in representing your constituents !
that &apos;s the government you &apos;re part of and vote to support , aimless amy .
mn has the highest price gasoline in the entire united states and i wish someone would explain to me and the rest of the country how this came to happen .
sen. bob casey , d-pa . , used that amendment to claim on twitter that he voted &quot; to lower drug prices through importation from canada , &quot; and booker referred to the wyden amendment in his statement as well .
do not let them stop you , keith .
i don &apos;t pay for healthcare or pay mn income tax
i would also like to say is the va in buffalo and bath have been wonderful .
i am sorry also i like everything james garner ever did maverick or rockford and al the films he was in .
elizabeth warren is a wackadoo at best lol - actually leaders of the kkk are not supporting him , they are supporting hillary a democrat , and democrats supported slavery in this nation .
shame on ny sen. schumer who doesn &apos;t stand up against qatar only for his own political empowerment and not the jewish community !
what an amazing woman .
announce it already so sanders has a fighting chance !
bless you ms. warren .
well , i &apos;m here to tell you about one of the biggest clouds hanging over the markets today - and the silver lining that goes along with it ... high frequency trading is bad news for most traders .
a union helped me to get equal pay to men ; makes my retirement easier .
elizabeth should be bernie sanders vp : )
does it matter to anyone that linda mcmahon registered the wwe corporation in delaware to avoid connecticut taxes .
thank you , van hollen .
the adjustment has been both exciting and uncomfortable .
rip maja .
this not &quot; gun violence .
i &apos;m not a rhode &apos;s scholar , in fact , i didn &apos;t even graduate college .
these are scary times indeed .
proud of you e w !
the people of michigan have made their preference for sanders clear .
scary man , scary view of the world ...
the bill , if enacted , could undo some of the damage caused by the hobby lobby decision .
thank you for fighting for democracy
senator warren , thank you for your tireless courageous and intelligent work to level the playing field for society .
dear earl ( may i call you earl ? )
.. ms. gabbard : )
sss working great for all senior , thanks to democratic congress .
for christ sake this is canada - we sell drugs to the us .
have a nice day , &quot; sebrina &quot; from oregon .
hillary and bernie voted together in the senate 93 % of the time .
i am very disappointed that i did not get to hear your remarks regarding sen. sessions .
himes 2020
kkk endorsed hilary .
happy birthday madam elizabeth warren !
but don &apos;t worry , there will be plenty of scrutiny to truly bring mr. pallone into focus come the spring .
amy , that was the right thing to do .
forget your meds this morning caitie ?
please sen. bennet , we need to stop these kinds of things from happening .
senator warren is right on ....
patty , you really think i want you to like me ? ? ?
it time we help our much deserving vets .. it is all too sad what happens to the men and women who serve our country , thank you amy klobuchar
so what do you suggest we do , senator warren ?
the pentagon made this announcement now to deflect the bad press they are getting from increasing reports of the abuse and rape of women soldiers by their fellow male soldiers , and the skyrocketing number of suicides in the military by those who have served in combat .
mr.frankin would you run in 2020 ?
i know you were pushing to do this one right for the people , thank you al .
senator gillibrand i appreciate your commitment to education and your passion for positive change .
thank you for fighting for all oregonians !
the state department and hillary clinton should be called on the carpet to answer these questions ! ! !
trans people are included and accepted and don &apos;t need to be &apos; tolerated &apos; but really loved for who they are .
she said her husband supports bernie sanders and that she told him , &quot; if he don &apos;t vote for trump , we &apos;re getting a divorce . &quot;
rip maverick .
as a minnesota election judge for 10 years , i couldn &apos;t agree with amy more .
but having worked directly with second harvest ... you &apos;re contributions will be greatly appreciated .
senator merkley is helping oregonians .
rip 😞
the irony of the liberal big government machine that has taken over oregon in the last 25 years makes me smile .
you do realize that money for prevention and mitigation is going to ny and nj .
who is supposed to be in charge , ms. warren ?
stop taking $ $ $ from big pharma .
so the democratic leaders love trump
i implore you and senator schumer to step up to the plate and let &apos;s all together take on the nra and all of the gun lobbyists and push for a gun control law !
thanks from me and my mom , amy .
whatever happened to civility in our democracy ?
a vote for hilary is a vote for trump .
bannon is the worst possible choice trump could make .
hi robing remember unemployment please do not derail from the best opportunities you have to be a great congresswoman and expedite all the resources for people that need turkeys to eat please thank you but remember who are the children that need food and the resources u.s has for thepeople
lmao at your lap dog followers john .
the office of violence against women is one of my clients .
i &apos;d really like to know how many mentally ill have killed others with bare hands .
besides , doesn &apos;t canada have high quality standards for pharmaceuticals ?
are you still taking financial support from pharma .
why are you siding with big pharma ?
a truly awesome lady !
gillibrand voted for taking and spending the money ! !
glad to hear your support for ss patty .
i &apos;ve never seen a &apos; high-capacity clip &apos; , although i do own many standard capacity magazines for the firearms in my collection .
bye , al ,
her influence in michigan has been so destructive .
i appreciate all you do for minnesota and america .
well said and a great goal , sen. murray , i certainly hope you can achieve it .
right on kirsten !
thank you , amy , for your efforts &amp; good work .
keep up the great work , but , please , take the concerns we have on tpp ( and support the majority of us have for bernie sanders ) to heart .
these are the real issues that face the very existence of our democracy .
i &apos;m using the mental health salary stratification as my basis .
and our laws of prosecution also apply to progressive narcissist want to be rulers in office like you .
thank you for this important and well-reasoned statement .
you stood with big pharma .
i &apos;m proud to have you represent me !
senator ellison .
hi maggie i was very proud and excited when i realized that the lady who i supported in the nh govenor race went to ls .
our um , &apos; passion &apos; is going to make a difference for your * cough cough &apos; unofficial &apos; 2020 bid for prez .
thank you , congresswoman tsongas , for fighting for our democracy .
this is a good example of why the nation should keep the electoral college , and avoid the tyranny of sheer numbers .
congrats to you girl !
wrong again liz .
donald trump is an existential threat .
however , i doubt that will ever happen as many decisions are based upon religious beliefs , economic status , and gender .
what about pipe bomb violence ?
no , you debbie and your follower just plain crazy !
trump is doing .
vote against trump &apos;s cabinet ( for once ) .
you should have never turned your back on bernie ...... i lost a lot of respect for you when you went to clinton instead of bernie .
very good , elizabeth .
i have been registered democrat for 44 years and have supported the democratic party in every election throughout my adult life .
so otherwise jon voted to increase healthcare costs for everybody .
please do more research before making such as open statement to influence other people .
time to get rid of the rigged electoral college as it only seems to benefit republicans
the haters and hitler took over most of the world .
carry on the lies , elizabeth warren just like hillary two of a kind : (
pumping 87 billion printed stimulus money into the economy every month seems to only help wall st. give the obama a &quot; way to go ! &quot;
so the &quot; make american sick again &quot; campaign touted by you and your fellow democrats isn &apos;t causing chaos .
psychosis is defined as a severe mental disorder in which thought and emotions are so impaired that contact is lost with external reality .
maybe you , jim cooper might want to pay .
please help honor our veterans and service members by helping jon hammar , the marine jailed in mexico .
patty , do help pelosi ease out of leadership , also harry reid .
these big companys have so many high paid lobbyists working for them and payola is big .... &quot; money talks and bullshit walks &quot; ! !
and mike brown wasn &apos;t protesting anything when he was killed .
thank you very much , congressman hastings .
oh god i &apos;m with you elizabeth
thank you , congresswoman maxim waters !
with american support their power is increasing say no a sensible decision , responsible , accountable to prevent further blood , death of many on both sides , prevent regional or wider war regards
you stood behind hillary instead of bernie .
so grateful to you !
cory booker your statement right out of a pharma talking points book .
you are basically saying the since you can &apos;t defend klobuchar you are just going to make fun of them .
elizabeth warren , please keep his feet in the fire , we need you more then ever .
i am proud you are my senator ! !
your dnc speech moved me to tears .
amazing speech , amazing man ! !
wow , what a wonderful person &amp; hero .......
donny- if you spread hate , hate comes back .
best of luck tammy .
thank you , senator wyden ! !
how about an assault weapon ban , al ?
amy , you are one amazing woman !
sending love and aloha your way .
we all know that you and bernie together would make our best hope at change in this country !
wow who r these ppl yes the rioting was a disgrace and took the attention of a young student being murdered but peaceful protests are allowed and we are quickly heading for a police state !
from very rural western ny why cant obama demand that all clean up workers be given safety equipment .
trump agreed to reduce his share in the company from 47 to 27 percent in a restructuring plan , but he was still the company &apos;s largest single shareholder and remained in charge of its operations .
great fishing this year also on our wonderful michigan waterways .
please do what you can to oppose trump &apos;s nationalist agenda .
please let us know : have you accepted contributions / donations / payments from lobbyists / anyone related to the pharmaceutical industry ?
the anti-dog and cat meat movement will be the largest social movement every - and you are at the forefront !
subsidizing union labor and practice puts us at a disadvantage ?
please don &apos;t forget about the many thousands of people who are suffering from lyme disease in this country .
uh michael - that was a direct quote from you .
pack your bags and go home , pharma boy !
nothing new here in alreadygone oregon .
tulsi , i am so glad that your courage on the battlefield also translated to courage in the political arena .
tears coming again ...... not ready to support trump .
happy anniversary senator !
here &apos;s to a peaceful 2017 !
as a mom of a child on the autism spectrum , i thank you .
she might be told that she sucks as a senator ... to her face ... so miss jackass shaheen when will you have the balls to hold a open meeting ?
there is more to it ... as always ..... answers to a specific act yes but there is a load of despair that has to be dealt with ....... only a feeling of equality based in fact will do .....
i saw him in action in campaign to elect barack obama president .
trump is considering offering palin a top cabinet position .
lisa &lt; 3
at least donald did not stack up dead bodies to see over the new york state building as hillery does .
don &apos; t count on bill for anything substantive : i contacted him to find out what he was going to do about the broken student loan system .
dear ms. warren , your the reason why everyone loves trump !
last time the &quot; browning &quot; of america was tried to pick cotton , we got a nasty civil war .
with the way michigan &apos;s legislature is stacked , you &apos;re going to need all the help you can get .
thank you amy ( and others ) !
preach it , liz .
trump and his gang are also coming after medicare and social security .
you &apos;ll get no tears or political correctness from me .
come on earl you dems had control of both houses and what did you do ?
episode 19 : &quot; warren tries to unite the democratic party using the orlando massacre . &quot;
we salute you tammy for giving everything you have given and continue to give to our great country .
you so inspired me , i looked for my fourth of july best and wore to work .
there &apos;s a nice anti trump hillary video on fb .
senator cory booker , not impressed by your lame excuses .
corey booker is my new hero !
elizabeth warren for president , please ? ? ?
cory booker , there are already over 3 million + uninsured americans and have been for a long time .
thoughts , not prayers , future senator kaine .
i &apos;m for equality of every race , religion , sexuality .
when non tribal visitors ( usually white men ) come onto the reservation and attack first peoples women .
let &apos;s hope you &apos;re blacklisted come november .
i &apos;m also disappointed you voted against importing cheaper medications from canada .
disappointed that they all attended obamas inauguration when they could have been less partisan and less tolerant and skipped it just like you &apos;re doing to trump .
my only concern is that this could lead to pressure , subtle or otherwise , on patients to choose measures such as &quot; physician-assisted suicide &quot; ( in quotes b / c i believe it is more accurately called &quot; thanatology &quot; ) instead of more $ $ $ ones such as hospice care .
we need bernie leading the party .
racial profiling needs to stop already trigger happy cops need to be dismissed and / or rigorously trained to avoid tragedies .
maybe those from mn government can start teaching those in ks government a thing or two !
thank you amy for all you have done and have tried to do !
your explanation for voting against sanders bill is unacceptable .
the house democrats do a great job for all americans !
it has support of alliance on mental illness , alliance for the mentally ill of harlem , and many others .
i &apos;ve purchased rx medication from abroad : it was 90 % cheaper , and every bit as safe and efficacious .
on the other hand , your super delegate vote should , in turn &quot; represent &quot; the people who voted for you to &quot; represent &quot; them !
thank you , senator warner , for taking a principled stand .
maybe if elizabeth warren had done the right thing and run for president , we wouldn &apos;t have to worry about figuring out who is the most hated vs 2nd most hated politician in america .
thank you for your hard work on behalf of nh and all the country .
montanan &apos;s for marriage equality .
so womans war on woman .
people are down on the ground please help the children to cory booker &apos;s twitter account .
your support of sanders or clinton would go a long way to solidifying your argument against donald trump .
twice in one month i agree with you , frank !
thank you congressman yarmuth for standing up to the indecency that trump has displayed and continues to display
&lt; &lt; cricket cricket &gt; &gt; &lt; &lt; cricket cricket &gt; &gt; deafening silence again ...
thanks mary jo for all that you have done !
love will prevail history shows love always conquers hate .
great job chuck !
what &apos;s really scary is the volume of ignorance supporting him .
she does not advance rights and equality for women , hell , i &apos;ve never even heard her speak on the topic , let alone do anything about it ( or even try . )
thank you for your resistance
165,000 sanders supporters think they speak for the approximately 1.75 million democratic voters in washington ?
as always , you provide a strong voice for equality .
thank you senator , and to senator cantwell , and to our congressmen rick larsen and jay inslee for leading the charge on this great victory for all of us !
where is your outrage about things that really matter like corporations who bully their way into communities , extorting local and state governments out of hundreds of billions yearly through tifs and other giveaways ?
if we hit the gas factories won &apos;t it release gas killing even more ?
when i see on tv all these people cheering him on about building a wall to keep brown people out makes me shudder .
didn &apos;t sanders win mn by 20 points !
now can we work on banning gmos and stronger warning lables on foods that have gmos and artificial colors flavors and preservatives .
beautifully said thank you elizabeth warren
your corporate candidate support gave trump this election .
notice that is where all these shootings occur .
but the meek &#91; in the end &#93; shall inherit the earth and shall delight themselves in the abundance of peace .
so it &apos;s pretty clear now that colleen is a coward , right ?
after supporting the attack on libya that led to the deaths of thousands of muslim refugees schumer cries about the refugee ban .
go bernie # feelthebern here in denmark
l &apos;hitra &apos;ot - from the family of earl morse , former chair , uahc , and norma u levitt , nfts and the un / women
thanks for the greeting , and happy hanakka to you and your family , senator franken .
your constituents voted for bernie .
the democratic party must fight republicans at every turn of the way .
excuse me people , there are new laws in several states that unfairly target minority , young and elderly voters to prevent or limit their access to voting .
wampum woman speak with fork tongue ..
jenna , don &apos;t let this dope lizzy warren fool you !
and vote against affordable prescriptions for the american people
happy independence day to the kaine family !
for me , ramadan has lost its peaceful and redemptive qualities and is a month to hold my breath , waiting for word of his safety .
she is a women of great integrity .
bernie , oh my hell is not an option either .
trump is # notmypresident .
is it asking to much for these &quot; muslims &quot; ( as you said ... not trying to put a fine point to this ... ) too assimilate into our current culture by accepting women and gays for starters ?
claire mccaskill .. are you nuts ? ?
thank you for being our voice in wisconsin ( someone has to be ) where gerrymandering caused us the election as well as our voice by boycotting the session today !
and you have my vote as future madame president .
the orange pumpkin must go ! !
why weren &apos;t you saying this when the dnc installed hillary over bernie ? ? ?
and i want to say &apos; thank you &apos; for that lovely piece .
you make me proud to be an american , an arizonan and to be a democrat .
and i am proud of senator murray for standing up for americans .
the hacked emails were either gmail or dnc server accounts .
that &apos;s wonderful , but i would like to say there are areas in minnesota where internet is not able to be received , we are in one of those areas
thank you for raising my bill ... just another democrat &quot; helping &quot; out the middle class .
all the gop cares about is protecting corporate greed and the wealthiest americans .
fleeing the brutality of externally financed sectarian militias , by al saud , qatar , and turkey under us guidance .
how much money did you take from the pharmaceutical industry last year ?
take your money out of crooked banks like well fargo , jp morgan , goldman sachs , bank of america and put it into credit unions and local regional banks that lend to small businesses rather than gamble it away .
i &apos;m so proud to be from minnesota and to have you as my senator .
and happy ( early ) birthday !
i think elizabeth warren is doing a great job , and the citizens of ma need you right where you are !
now , will you please explain to us who care , just why you &apos;re against gmo labeling of food ?
he believed in the equality of woman .
thank you , senator , fot truly representing the voters !
thank you for that , i feel beat up .
go lynx &amp; amy ! !
bernie only became a democrat recently so he could run for president .
thank you derek , you &apos;ve been a great friend to labor in our area .
in all seriousness , in viewing your last three posts , i &apos;d honestly suggest that you consider getting a psychological evaluation , senator klobuchar .
good job elizabeth .
you need to look at the bigger picture , nancy .
lots of pressure on this thread , senator booker .
are we guilty of not intervening in darfur , rawanda , the iraqi suppression of the kurds and the shia in basra , is the united states complicit in the holocaust for denying entry to european jews after the nürnburg laws ?
senator durbin you do nothing to protect children with your misleading of the american people
corey - corporate welfare exceeds social welfare by billions .
http : / / seattletimes.com / html / localnews / 2008162802 _ shootings06m.html &quot; people who are serious about preventing the next newtown should embrace much greater funding for mental health , strong laws for civil commitment of the violently mentally ill — and stop kidding themselves that pretend gun-free zones will stop killers . &quot;
pallone , your posts get more stupid every time !
the prohibition of cannabis needs to end .
please with the bs , pharma owns nj
elizabeth catherine
hanks al .
thanks amy , it is not protectionism to demand that imports are manufactured by the same standards american manufacturers comply with .
sanders was always a supporter of lgbt &amp; all marginalized minorities &amp; peoples .
i voted for you , but i no longer feel that you represent the interests of oregon voters .
you were , as usual , eloquent , gracious , and an outstanding congresswoman .
medicare is a shining light in our healthcare system , should be extended to all and should have the freedom and the duty to negotiate prescription drug prices .
so who are you for ms warren ?
so proud of brian schatz .
jon is the vaseline of nightly news reportage , gonna miss him ... soooo much !
the wall street protest comes to mind .
too bad democrats stayed home in nov. let this be a lesson , vote ! ! !
your democratic policy is bound and determined to remove guns from everyone except your security teams .
again , good job amy ! ! !
every time you vote yes to one of trump &apos;s nominations you are giving in to trump and the gop &apos;s will .
in the small city of encanto , where the less privilege of san diego lives .
most of the drugs imported from canada are manufactured in the same place as drugs in the us , so wouldn &apos;t they meet the fda standards already ?
if only there &apos;d been an energizing , popular , progressive democratic candidate who really motivated voters from all demographics ... oh wait , the dnc screwed him over in favor of clinton .
i bleed green , but am very proud of blue : 0 )
too little too late ms warren !
this year bernie sanders is giving us , the people , a once in a lifetime chance to right some very big wrongs and return our government to the people .
he also pushed through the community mental health act and the community hospital beds and long-term care residential homes never materialized ...
thank you , tulsi gabbard , for having such integrity !
i actually think your colleague sanders won the night .
liz rice-smith
the facts are clear assault weapon bans will not work but when good people with a gun confront bad people that cowardly attempt to kill innocents good people win .
i am so disappointed in our country and the leadership ( not you cory booker ) .
thank you , very much .
thank you senator carper
thanks for sharing , rick .
woohoo to you wonderful lady !
you are an amazing man who does so much for so many people and animals everywhere !
you are the only one to take democrats forward .
please , don &apos;t refer to hillary clinton as a &quot; girl &quot; , elizabeth .
thank you , congresswoman royball- allard
same to you and yours , al !
i &apos;m proud to have you there as part of his liberal legacy .
thank you , that &apos;s why you &apos;re a senator now .
please come out and officially endorse bernie and help campaign for him !
you will carry the touch for bernie thank god ! ! !
just remember to attend every single massachusetts military member that dies in combat funeral .
each time i see propaganda from the pro-life movement , i cringe at such ignorance and stooping so low to publish fake photos and videos .
if so many americans are mentally capable of this , then we need to control the guns better until / unless we fund better mental health .
that means i &apos;m the descendant of vikings &amp; the ira , so i was born to fight and i &apos;m stubborn as hell !
i &apos;m grateful for every one .
on gun violence and any other bill brought to the floor !
please vote no on sessions and pruitt 🙏 🏻
there is nothing wrong with the drugs canadians are taking and in many cases they would be the same drugs we take here in the u.s. it &apos;s not like the people in canada are dropping off like flies .
because massachusetts is such a great state to live in senator .
that would take not just words , but cabinet and vp choices .
to me , indiana showed something else .. total votes : sanders received ~ 300,000 votes v trump ~ 460,000 .
wish we had al franken in iowa
indeed low interest student loan rates should be extended .
i knew that senator booker had a good reason for not supporting this .
--andrew cuomo
and 2000 for prescriptions .
thanks for your advocacy debbie .
you act like their prescription drugs aren &apos;t safe when our homegrown heroin epidemic isn &apos;t attributed to the fda &apos;s forceful pushing of pain medication !
you &apos;ve proved yourself to be an adept politician senator franken .
you are so classy elizabeth !
i kindly urge you to listen to the voices of american people and support u.s. senator bernie sanders with your super delegate vote .
thank you for sharing that story ... inspiration can come from many sources ... he will be missed .
so what can you do today to show a trump supporter that every person is deserving of love and equal rights ?
was it not safeguarding the big pharma profits ?
madam senator , thank you .
yeay , tammy !
peter defazio why haven &apos;t you prodded the oregon state government to fix this problem ?
al , i &apos;d move to minnesota to work for your re-election , so run !
please speak out about the totally unjustified teachers &apos; union bashing going on from the middle class haters on the right to the centrist commentators who should know better .
no frank , no !
what scares me as much as a trump presidency is finding out how many bigots and conspiracy theorists there are in the us to support him .
senator patty murray , is this of any use ?
i am against our intervention in syria .
hearthiswell.org this mom is begging you research lethal vaccine reactions
thank you for having the courage and commitment to represent and stand up for truth and equal rights for all .
congratulations , senator franken .
crumbs of your humanitarian i beg you with tears just afew sec of your precious time plz dont think this is mad with tears in need of help plz http : / / igg.me / at / rywz0lyodzo
thank you , senator jeanne shaheen for your support of the people you represent .
senator wyden please speak to your colleague bernie sanders about uniting the party
who &apos;s next to be added to the orange one &apos;s cabinet of deplorables ?
senator brown , you are my hero .
if fannie mae wasnt there to guarantee bad loans in &quot; underserved neighborhoods &quot; , there never would have been so called toxic assets .
you can start your fundraiser now for your 2020 presidential election ! !
yes , this is the time to draft a statute that addresses &quot; occupations &quot; and the sometimes fine line between protest and intimidation .
thanks , kirsten !
would that include dangerous speech such as the lapd stating that &quot; all rape kits are processed within three months &quot; but don &apos;t specify dna processed ?
the drumpf campaign was run right out of the pages of the nazi playbook , and now he &apos;s reading and using the next chapter .
you &apos;re a class act , tammy - not !
so , elizabeth .
damn i love liz warren ! ! !
i was so excited to have a senator on the side of the people until i saw your vote against the right to buy pharmaceuticals from canada .
hillary and the kkk ... http : / / www.anonews.co / hillary-clinton-kkk /
if sanders loses , the democrats lose .
what really bothers me here is that your dumb ass cops set up a sting to bust a guy selling cigarettes ! !
i &apos;m guessing she would have been just fine if trump had won the popular vote and hillary had been elected .
derek , i taught hs chemistry in los angeles for 3 years before relocating to gig harbor .
trump will never grace the halls of the white house .
they have produced and imported products that have been found unsafe for animals to consume .
hearing about people going to shoot-up mosques , killing minorities ( yes , i &apos;m aware that things like this have been this way for a while ) , but trump is making it worse .
and happy father &apos;s day to you , beto .
thank you for your leadership jan !
being a member of the lgbt community , and a disabled person .
not only rick has to go .
knowing is against everything she is criminal , laywer for walmart getting &quot; donations &quot; from big banks like goldman sachs .
now if we could just get nd back in the 21st century
note that no animal welfare high paid exec nor frank pallone suggested cuts to the exec &apos;s compensation ... of course not .
as woman your fight is to lift the feminine side of humanity toward a universal emancipation .
sen. blumenthal , the time for fighting fair is over .
thank you , senator klobuchar .
frank , until you propose realistic alternatives keep your lip zipped .
ramadan kareem !
endorsing her with your super delegate vote is tantamount to the same thing .
&quot; he incites supporters to violence &quot; so it was trump suporters blocking highways , his 10 yr old supporters holding a bernie sign flipping the bird to trump supporters and trying to disrupt hir right to free speech ? ?
if we want mental health screening for gun permits , as we should have , why not mental health screening for the republican presidential candidate ?
okay , as much as what elizabeth warren is saying is correct about donald trump , you seem to be forgetting that it is your people ( whether or not you consider them americans or whatever , doesn &apos;t matter ) who are electing this guy .
so disappointed in you and this response , senator booker .
as far as the education goes on my end i currently hold 9 different and current oregon state licenses .
my girl elizabeth warren dropping science like when galileo dropped his orange
tell your dc staff to go to cd juarez and check from there which bridge has the least traffic to get back .
you democrats always offer more dependency , and less rugged individualism .
support sanders on his pharmaceutical amendment .
i agree with earl and stand with our government in protecting land from excessive use and or abuse by private parties
if safety mattered there would be testing by independent testers , not in the pockets of the drug companies .
since , when is it hateful to fight for american interests and not 11 million new democratic votes ?
big pharma needs to go !
christopher - you are proof that some people never develop to the full human potential .
thanks elizabeth !
blessing to you , rev.
crazy orange troll
mr. schumer , you really should be trying to unite you own party , because we would never vote for another democrat , by the way you babies are acting now .
warren calls an almost-70-year old woman &quot; a girl . &quot;
good luck amy ! !
ah , so says cuck schumer .
democrats are totally willing to work with others in a reasonable manner .
let &apos;s see equality for all !
not only were corporations declared to be people but corporations also now have the power to buy elections at will .
i was totally opposed to hillary clinton and in full support of donald trump , but i must say that mrs. clinton had the character and class to show up today to celebrate the peaceful transfer of power that shows our country to be the best in the world .
thank you congresswoman duckworth for being an amazing example for women and especially female veterans like myself .
chuck schumer you &apos;re a disgrace to this country you say you &apos;re a politician you &apos;re not a politician you &apos;re a loser you know nothing about the constitution read it my friend obama may the seven countries known that they trained terrorist know your job or get out
colleen - the citibank case was filed under provisions of cra .
thank you , amy , for your persistence .
you brought tears to my eyes ...... ty n god bless him and you !
mr. booker i hope this has been a learning experience for you .
if the social system of al smith and fdr has become a detriment to society , then let &apos;s reform it , not scrap it as the tea party would have us do .
ms. gabbard you &apos;re a hero !
despite her circumstances , she still maintained hope in humanity .
future potus warren , without question
13 % of population and commit 58 % of violent crime .
same for contacting schumer .
it indicates to me that democrats are continuing to do a terrible job when it comes to making their case .
elizabeth warren is more intelligent than any of the republican &apos;s .
yeah tammy good for you talk to the people ...... love ya
please vote against rick perry as well .
filibuster reform jan 5th .... pretty please !
in the wake of a divisive and bitter election , over 10,000 volunteers and 161,000 donors came forward to make this historic multi-state recount possible .
thank you senator , you continue to make nh proud !
if trump was making a pro gay rights speech you would be pushing your way to the front asshole ... your cushy career in government is almost over ... what an embarrassment ... to your family and the people of wisconsin you are ....
scott brown and david gregory acted like petty men who don &apos;t know how to handle intelligent women !
you should have been campaigning for bernie , not that crypto-republican kook .
the same to you congressman john yarmuth ( ky-3 )
back elizabeth warren .
pobody &apos;s nerfect , including you sen. warren ; - )
where were your tears then as we started that war in iraq .
congressman doggett is a great legislator , cares about &quot; we the people &quot; and does his best to see that good laws are passed and bad laws shunted aside .
yes - thank you for pursuing this .
the whole pacific ocean is contaminated with radiation !
just wish my vote for bernie would have made a difference .
permit holding gun owners are not responsible for the horrific violence .
i wrote senator levin to encourage him to appoint senator elizabeth warren to the banking and finance committee !
frank , the gop has passed numerous bills but your democrat cronies in the senate have refuse to advance them .
no one is talking about the real reason madam hillary lost .
bernie and warren 2016 !
might wanna show zuckerberg that aloha also means goodbye
happy birthday to patty murray .
and you just lost the 2020 nomination with your vote .
i &apos;m so proud to have you representing me in the senate .
only difference was that heald followed through with their promises .
hillary is one of the most despicable human beings on the planet .
i &apos;m in favor of employees rising up and forcing their bosses to pay fair wages and , ultimately , overthrowing the owners in favor of self-direction and true economic freedom .
thank you for persevering in fighting the fight for what is just and true and right , senator .
i had respect for you once , senator .
however , the vote the other night did not look like the same corey booker who was fighting for the mayor position .
ps ... heard you were on the view today ... listen ... that show gets lousy ratings and doesn &apos;t have a good reputation after barbara left ... so you really didn &apos;t accomplish much there accept to look foolish with a bunch of liberals who also look foolish ... smh ...
a really great post patty , &amp; i hope we can achieve it !
clearly , you are a woman with a heart of gold .
mrs murray if you care about liberty then i have two bills i beseech you to help stop .
mr. booker , please don &apos;t let the big government eat you up and suck you in ..... don &apos;t stroke the republicans who are stroking the pres .. don &apos;t forget about the people who got you where you are now .... fight the resistance .. please
tammy duckworth you are my everything .
trump is a business man , not a politician .
only # bernie can save us from trump since at least 1 / 3 of democrats cannot imagine ever supporting hillary .
the head of the office of government ethics , walter shaub , today warned the american public that his office has been overwhelmed by the task of reviewing the backgrounds of cabinet nominees in time for their hearings next week .
i &apos;ll make a deal with you ... you go to the inauguration and represent the fine state of new hampshire and i will go to church and pray to god that you are voted out at your next election .
if you were really concerned about our health , you &apos;d be ridding the country of toxins , pesticides , and gmos ... not to mention fossil fuels .
she &apos;s referring to the votes in congress for victims of newtown et al .
thank you sen shaheen .
thank you , representative pocan for standing up for what is right for the constituents .
the state you represents overwhelming ... by double the popular vote , over hillary .
photos from the trip show ellison attended several meetings , but the free beacon was unable to identify any participants besides bin bayyah and ali .
mrs. warren , i respectively disagree about one part of your statement .
regards , your humble constituent from portland state university
let &apos;s also ban hammers , baseball bats , forks , knives , pencils and any other item not used by it &apos;s intended design .
thank you senator carper .
you should train franklin to block trolls on here .
oregon &apos;s senators put their money where their mouths are .
be careful of any warren act violations .
congrats amy ! ! !
thanks elizabeth for your concern , but the only way to stop hate is to stand up and fight those who hate .
get it correct happy union created labor day .
if anyone can bring pharma to the table and enact change it &apos;s you !
come out and endorse bernie .
i am sorry for the american people that elizabeth warren choose not to run for the presidency .
don &apos;t wait oregon - make it happen .
wipe your fake tears that you cry for your voters you fake !
tyler for econimics true , for the gutting and treatind the vets and military as second class citizens that is a special place for the democratic party alone
strange , mohammad wasn &apos;t for equal rights between women and men .
i applaud kamala , for her work where she came in having to fight more crime with less resources .
if booker was on the ticket instead of clinton , i probably would have voted for him .
klobuchar for dogcatcher
yes , thousands of canadians are crossing the border to buy higher priced meds because there are soooo many canadians dying from tainted drugs .
the same thought process is alive and well in fake liberalism as ed schultz proclaimed when he said lessening handouts hurts the african-american and female communities and when fake liberals in a totalitarian manner proclaim affirmative action needed for non-white human beings to have a chance .
i &apos;m waiting on my tax return to pay back a loan i had to take out for prescriptions when my coverage lapsed .
gosh , i sure hope more people read correctly what hobby lobby is offering in the way of insurance .
please ron , don &apos;t ok * more * billions for the war , when we are in such financial pain here at home .
thank you senator hirono .
thank you for working so hard for mn , amy !
who is this &quot; elizabeth warren ❓
i hope that you also inspire others in washington to also strive for the right things for all americans .
dan is a man .. its not about stabenow , you rimrod .. its about the student !
trump will eat bernie for lunch and spit him out at dinner time .
thank you so much congressman alcee , the world needs more people like you .
please end your financial relationship with big pharma and work for the people ... until big money is out of politics , there will be no just and lasting change
this woman is hack .
thank you congressman doggett !
thanks congressman hastings for your commitment and outstanding leadership in addressing the pertinent needs for change in our communities you represent our district significantly well !
then get off your _ _ _ _ and support bernie and get rid of the sob .
right now , the oregon health evidence review commission ( herc ) is considering guideline 12 - a revised policy provision that severely restricts access to cancer treatments for patients with less than two years to live .
there is just bluster - both from mr. pallone and the discussants as well .
this is the equivalent of &quot; vote blue no matter who . &quot;
i no longer live in colorado but i am so proud of your intelligent thoughtful thoughts .
senator sanders video on you tube , republicans vs republicans , and www.theocracywatch.org the rise of the religious right in the republican party .
well you say the kkk is behind trump which he said he did not want their endorsement but on the other side blm is much bigger for hillary and you seem to have forgot about .
the commonwealth of virginia is bullying women in a private medical procedure that is legal .
sen. stabenow , it &apos;s not just vets who need better access to mental health help but individuals who have no access or sadly cannot afford the care they desperately need .
heartfelt thanks for your responsible leadership congresswoman .
proud to get to vote for you as the next senator from massachusetts !
can &apos;t say i blame you for taking the money , but don &apos;t claim to be a progressive when you &apos;re really just a crooked politician .
we call bullshit .
i doubt very much that president obama had the time to apply a direct hand in picking and choosing ) would apprehend the similarities in beliefs shared by the pope and ms. klobuchar and that makes her a great choice as one of the escort entourage .
thank you al for helping those who god made lgbt bring this to the forefront.i myself am straight , but my mother was gay and i have a daughter that &apos;s gay .
thank you for representing me and looking out for my best interests as well as those of my neighbors !
every person i know personally that carries a firearm is very sane , including myself and senator gillibrand !
i wish to spend as little money possible with the racist american corporations who have an economic strong hold on our demographic .
a big thanks for all your diligence to do the right thing for your constituents , doris .
you warrior on christmas , al !
drudgereport url says media ignore psychiatric medications in sandy hook massacre ... http : / / www.wnd.com / 2013 / 01 / the-giant-gaping-hole-in-sandy-hook-reporting / &#91; &#91; share &#93; &#93;
thank u tammy !
sen. michael bennet would that nullify obama &apos;s directive to fine employers who hire a qualified white citizen over an illegal alien ... ?
i still remember when we testified at the state house back in 2007. it was an honor to meet you and as a mother of a son with asperger &apos;s i &apos;m grateful for your support and for you championing such a worthy cause .
your thoughtful words can only help !
in 1940 my great grandmother committed suicide at the age of 59. distribution of social security benefits were still pending for minnesota at that time .
the internet is already frequently held hostage by corporate interests abusing the dmca .
i am frightened
help me make it clear to chuck schumer and the democrats -- the election is over and they lost !
what a beautiful thing &lt; 3 ! .
seems to me america is speaking and trump is winning .
another case of working for the only the democratic party and not the people of new hampshire .
i am terrified at the thought of hillary as president !
while you &apos;re in illinois and we &apos;re no longer constituents ( david price is a good guy too ) , i &apos;m proud to hear you speaking out .
don &apos;t fall for this left wing nut case .
this insane mass gun violence should have totally ended with sandy hook and it didn &apos;t .
thank you mark !
gee , i wonder why nobody likes the the ultra right wing nut jobs ?
how did the city of flint allow its water supply system to sink into such disrepair ?
mr. durbin you and all fellow democrats in congress are doing great .
i just love fake wanna bee &apos;s .
even though the districts are so gerrymandered no dem can win .
why is it that if you are elizabeth warren you can get away with a sexist comment like this ?
and now let us apply that same rule of logic to liberate our lgbt citizens as well .
thank you for the fantastic work you &apos;re doing .
we need more politicians like senator brown .
we need you and the rest of the nj delegation on the floor and at the airport making it known .
ask obama , clinton and carter how big the protests were when they instituted bans during their administration .
give em hell , tulsi .
here are your differences : pallone has been our loyal public servant for years , is running an issue-based campaign and will continue to be our congressman after he beats little .
um all the drugs you &apos;re talking about are made in the u.s. and then sent to canada .
why did you vote against bernie &apos;s drug pharma bill ?
give em hell frank .
ms warren , now that he is our president elect , we cannot forget transparency !
the electoral college selects the president and it has been correct for every election .
you are the true meaning of what an american is elizabeth warren # thankyou
sanders and trump might have ideological differences , but they both intend to impose authority on the american people .
president klobuchar ? ?
natural medicine can provide the safest and most effective , best investment at least cost foundation for all healthcare - and oregon is the prototype for person-centered collaborative healthcare
basic negotiation theory teaches that using a &quot; getting to yes &quot; consensus approach optimizes the overall negotiation output for both parties , with one notable exception .
seriously .. colorado leading minnesota ingenuity ! !
bernie sanders has a better chance at beating trump .
the people of vermont want bernie , not the one who bought your vote !
thank you thank you thank you senator warner !
many school require physicals to attend .
elizabeth warren , we need you to run in 2020. i donated a lot of money to trying to convince you to run this years .
thank you for posting this .
how many times have gun carrying citizens saved cops lives as well as other citizens in robberies , rapes and attempted murders across the world .
had donald trump lost , i can guarantee you he never would have had the class that senator warren does here .
easier to call him out for racism and sexism .
pete smith is a troll .... most likely hired by either the tea party or brown to continue spreading lies and old news ..... yawn .
warren , that is bs .
steve bannon should not be allowed to hold any position in the white house , let alone one that would allow him to make critical decisions about how our country is run .
fear &amp; hatred is so ugly .
thank you , stay strong and keep fighting back !
why do the republicans worry about violence in every country except for ours ?
you , debbie dingell , and all the other obstructionist need to get off your asses and do the job you were elected to do .
an no , i don &apos;t care for trump , but hilary is a cynic .
wow .. i had no idea that there were so many people in maryland who are so easily swayed .
let &apos;s hope we can be proud when he signs the repeal od doma nd dadt
thank you al but i doubt your sincerity .
i too thank you for having the courage to stand up for women &apos;s health and reproductive rights in such a personal way .
they put the rotten seeds into the upper management of heald to do their dirty work .
gun legislation will have the same effect as criminalizing drugs .
otherwise , trump is all but guaranteed the presidency .
you would &apos;ve beat hillary and stomped trump if you weren &apos;t so enamored with her coronation .
did you get a liberal arts degree and cry about student loan debt ?
and drug dealers , but we already know about that crisis that the democrats in this state did nothing about ...
sir , i am a long-time supporter of you and , while the statement is appreciated , i would like to know if you will continue to accept campaign contributions from pharmaceutical companies .
still disappointed in louise slaughter &apos;s yes vote .
after bernie sanders term as president is over , perhaps we could convince you to run ?
but like others here , i am unable to square your behavior with the vote against the sander &apos;s bill to import drugs .
we already knew that to republicans , lgbt are not worth dog shit - the only right the gop believes we should have is the right to die .
the best way to fight online piracy is to provide better services than the &quot; pirates &quot; , not destroy first amendment rights on the internet .
therefore , same-sex marriage should not be allowed .
you are so inspirational in so many quiet ways .
i wish you hadn &apos;t betrayed us by voting to confirm four of trump &apos;s nominees .
this sounds like a tilt to bernie , since secretary clinton most assuredly won &apos;t provide that !
incredibly upset , disappointed , that you went against labeling gmos .
don`t worry kirsten , your days are numbered .
now they can see 4 living presidents , civil rights icons and many , many others ! ! !
happy holidays from a former student of your dad .
thank you senator harris ! ! ! ! ! !
dear congresswoman betty mccollum , nothing has so greatly compelled me to write to someone in office as the issue of abortion has now .
many victims were killed , our veterans at the borders , our police officers in the streets , our innocent civilians have been killed by the supported terrorists in sinai and cairo .
i hope to god warren didn &apos;t personally write this , cause it reads like a whinny teenagers facebook rant .
keep on keepin &apos; on al .
i love you , sherrod brown !
laura warren , what planet do you live on ? ?
it will be good for the future minnesota
today i read about the violence against women act .
i hope you are reading these comments from your constituents , congresswoman speier ?
once you started campaigning with hillary , i said this is very fitting .
elizabeth for vp .
yeah , you talk about a billionaire &amp; banker cabinet while you &apos;re always cozied up to billionaire banker howard lutnick .
well said , senator joe !
i am so proud to be an american woman and on behalf of my 4 grand-daughters , ages 16 , 14 , 7 , &amp; 5 , i want to thank hillary clinton !
we must act , we must be vocal and we must vote against the hatred trump spews .
let me venture a guess as to which legislators and senators have voiced concerns , hmmm , those that the drug manufacturers lined the pockets of ?
thank you for looking out for our interests senator brown !
hillary is the same as trump .
the hillary democratic ticket is gone and with we can only hope the political careers of kaine and clinton .
amy , you are so active on so many important issues .
i like amy but you need to go
honorable earl blumenauer , i am against this war as are most americans .
elizabeth &quot; corporations can &apos;t dance &quot; warren still pretending to be relevant .
hate the red sox but love elizabeth warren .
ron wyden does not represent oregon .
thank you , and i am so sorry that a wonderful human like yourself has to be associated with such a group ! !
senator forget the repugs but what about tpp ?
bernie &amp; elizabeth is the best ticket ever !
ya , well he called you goofy elizabeth .
if you support ban you should remember the boston marathon bombers were from kazakhstan and 9 / 11 attackers were from saudia arabia so shouldn &apos;t we &quot; ban &quot; them ?
tell us why he was never considered a racist until he ran against crooked hillary ?
it &apos;s painfully obvious that you &apos;re in big pharma &apos;s pocket .
it &apos;s going to be great to vote you out of office , rick .
well said peter .
strange ... debbie stabenow is a big occupy supporter ; maybe she can explain this to us .
who is the advocate for those who cannot .
congresswoman i am so proud of the work you are doing .
until you know what the hell you &apos;re talking about , i suggest you keep your pie hole closed .
i have concluded that if chris coons recommends , i can trust !
i &apos;m so proud to call you my representative !
as a former md resident of 31 years , i salute your effort here and value your keen insight .
thank you for all you do senator for our teachers and the students .
happy new year , senator ! !
thought medicare part d already negotiated the price .
more words of wisdom from big chief warren .
gather your friends cory !
i am interested to hear what fuels you tree huggers , fossil fuel haters are using for transportation and home heating etc
thank you kirsten for being a powerful voice in the senate !
where do you get the figure 355 mass shootings
while one has the right to completely free association , as social animals we may and should choose not to discriminate even though that may be our right .
proof that hollyweird and the progressives work had in hand blowing smoke up the sheeple &apos;s back sides .
elizabeth - do you know how to spell b i t c h without chocking on it ?
i &apos;m sick of mental illness being a scapegoat .
with each appointment drumpf makes isis win .... we will no longer see each other as a community of americans but as someone to be suspicious of and isis wins .
after all these years , has hillary affected you in any way ?
women work very hard most times more than men .
gillibrand , you &apos;re a damned moron
senator warren , you &apos;re great .
to anyone , when you think of charles schumer or barack obama , do you think of freedom , liberty , or human rights ?
booing others , not accepting overall convention results , not backing the candidate bernie is backing , sitting out november , is giving up on everything bernie worked for .
please don &apos;t let up on your pressure for answers to trump &apos;s ties to russia and their involvement in the election .
thanks for supporting minnesota farmers ; i grew up on a farm and appreciate your support .
rick blaine : i was misinformed .
hillary and elizabeth are going to show trump the way .
stop obstructing our cabinet picks .
given the rate at which people are hired , looking at three people per one job ( it &apos;s actually more ) , after they get out of college , many wind up in minimum wage jobs anyway plus the burden of a student loan debt .
donald trump is not racist or sexist !
i &apos;m embarrassed by most all the posts i &apos;m reading ... nasty , racist vitriol by people in cushy jobs , and a refrigerator full of food , but feeding your kids the same garbage you spew ... who &apos;ve lost the ability or never had the ability for critical thinking .
please run for president mrs. warren in 2020 😥 😥 😥
as another &quot; mom in tennis shoes &quot; and a veteran , i know you do a wonderful job for us vets .
proud life-long oregonian , proud to vote for you .
senator brown , will you please address your position on cispa ?
you have been a champion for so many of the platforms he is running on but your silence in endorsing him has been unreal .
i will be voting democrat this year , as always .
having a grateful heart always comes back .
amy , u don &apos;t know me cuz i am a citizen , but i have always been behind u
i wish she were my congresswoman .
or with people who have been given a platform to voice their hateful , racist , sexist , and homophobic views .
and our fda doesn &apos;t give a shit about &quot; safety standards &quot; anyway .
love trumps all !
he honestly and seriously had zero idea of the level that u.s. citizens would backlash against sopa .
my lifestyle has decline dismally since 2011 and i will not allow my dignity to be jaded due to my brother &apos;s insolence with the phenomena of human minds .
i wonder if snyder is behind this ?
love my i &lt; 3 voting sticker ... and wore it proudly where i went shopping ... sad part ... was asked who i voted for , , , , none of their business ... told them i voted after being an i nformed voter .... enough said ... so very angry ...
f you know or see a veteran who is homeless or at risk of becoming homeless , call 1-877-4aid-vet ( 877-424-3838 ) .
good votes beto !
but hey we can &apos;t expect patty to change her pork belly spending habits i guess .
joe biden , jill and their family have my blessings .
4- putting your weight on her it &apos;s ok to lose yourself in the moment every once in a while and go crazy on your woman .
happy thanksgiving kirsten to you and your family .
d , other - i &apos;m against any more gun control .
by being the first female in the united states to win the democratic party nomination .
i &apos;m horrified that bannon is part of trump &apos;s team as i am horrified that trump himself has been endorsed by the kkk .
amy , you are the best ........
did the cabal scare everyone into giving up on bernie and back hillary ? ? ? ? ? ?
biden and brown , two lefties without one brain .
it &apos;s like massachusetts is retarded .
tammy thank you for your service .
61 % of birth defects are caused by drugs passed safe in animal tests , according to the same study .
senator schumer : when will you and your fellow democrats stop rubber stamping drumpf &apos;s nominees ?
go boston strong
more of the same partisan crap , senator gillibrand .
i believe senator booker is a good man , but he really needs to stop accepting money from the pharmaceutical industry if we are to believe that his votes on health care on in the public &apos;s best interests .
keep up the good work , jackie &amp; thank you for working for us !
thank you for fighting for us , our children , and our planet !
drs , pharmaceutical drugs , gmos , corporations , politicians ..... you getting more drugs and more chemo , radiation , tests does not help you .
the untold suffering that trump is going to inflict on his own supporters is a deep betrayal .
unfund dea , look at colorado , washington and soon oregon &amp; alaska .
all republicans politicians are corporate prostitutes and some of the democrats are .
democratic	test		policies have made more people dependent on the state with benefits that have made fatherhood optional .
amy , it must be hard representing minnesota and the diverse views here .
thank you for calling everyone &apos;s attention to this .
it &apos;s time to vote gillibrand out of office !
warren you are my hero ! !
thank you for your work so far , sen. harris .
i &apos;m with you 100 % + elizabeth !
after all gillibrand was still getting paid ..
is this not the work of bad loans from the banks like wells fargo ? ?
thank you for rhe good thoughts , chuck !
and the democratic party started the kkk so pot meet kettle there .
because we wouldn &apos;t need to import drugs from other countries if we could negotiate the prices down on behalf of all americans .
i am proud to support you , peter .
with out people like senator warren on duty in government , the fat cats would take everything .
ohana is what you represent for all of us .
second , senator klobuchar has earned everything she gets .
it &apos;s time to do away with the electoral college procedures and go with the popular vote
may i suggest something in a lovely shade of coup , congressman bill pascrell , jr . ?
thumbs up to small community banks and credit unions
yesterday i heard some disturbing news ... patty has less than 50 % of the votes right now ... spread the word ... get those votes .... @ justin .. dork ! ~
senator murray , what the republicans are doing was only shameful for the first week .
how about a native woman ?
gotta call bs on this one booker canadian prescription drugs go through the same testing ad us drugs .
have parent student lectures on violence in the home and what can be done about it .
preaching tolerance to violence and not a word about the victims ?
stay on it , patty .
and thank you , jim himes !
calling the right terrorists - fuck you al .
oh colleen - remember how you actually defined the word &quot; conspiracy &quot; for paul on a different thread ?
i respect that you feel the need to attend the inauguration , but i am very disappointed .
elizabeth , why is it that you won &apos;t endorse bernie ?
trump is in the race to herd frightened sheep towards hillary
check with chuck so you will know what to do .
thank you senator , for working for the people of minnesota .
pointing fingers tammy does not balance the budget , less spending money for what you have coming in makes for a sound budget .
amy 2020
sorry i voted for you its not a day for grand-standing --- its the honor of our democracy the deserves your participation = shame on your vindictive rightous and phony &quot; prayerful &quot; protest
there is no know oil off of nj frank so get off the hater train .
happy holidays to you as well
they &apos;re naught but bullshit artists , lloyd .
the compromise tester language , according to the senate health committee , creates exemptions based on whether food facilities are either a &quot; very small business &quot; as defined by the food and drug administration in rulemaking .
thank you for demonstrating that being elected into public service actually means serving the public !
i just hope we can find a decent progressive to take his spot .
cory booker what can be done to stop this ?
now we have to stop tpp
happy birthday , jerry .... your dedication and energy amaze me !
please help us fight senator !
luv ya lots girl !
thank you , senator kamala harris !
ban bannon not muslims ! !
we &apos;re behind you , tammy !
11- sharia never abolished slavery , sexual slavery and highly regulates it .
happy holidays ... so proud of the work you do for us .
as far as i know , the last law to ban assault weapons was in 1994 and expired in 2004. there is currently no law to ban assault weapons in the us .
tulsi 2020 .
to michael william lumbert maybe you and other assholes should keep it in your pants or tie in a knot you dumbass ! ! ! !
your efforts are appreciated , amy .
shut your trap warren
rick , please explain why you voted yes with the republicans today to delay the volcker rule ?
so is brown in california this state is run by democrats and unions period you have been voting for the wrong party and then you wonder why your house still has wheels
back home in michigan , public education is under attack by corporate interests .
christ colleen - once again you &apos;re missing the point .
hillary is the right choice for president .
americans having an open debate and agreeing a plan , sharing perspective and policy idea &apos;s and avoiding personal insults or entrenched opinions is im sure going to help all schools , children and people with mental health problems in the long term .
some people are old enough to remember the carter years - 20 % interest rates on new cars , double digit mortgage rates , a pathetically weak america in the face of iran &apos;s threat and taking american hostages .
have a happy thanksgiving , senator .
stand strong , betty !
they are selfish and only think of themselves as with sneaky snyder
no nestle in oregon ! ! !
not voting for you ever again if you don &apos;t change your stance on bernie sanders and will actively campaign for whoever is against you .
please back hillary now . 💙 🙏 🏻 🇺 🇸
thank you for fighting the right fight .
it surley cannot be for hunting animals for food .
please boycott the trump inauguration .
i watched the university of oregon fighting ducks to win the rose bowl .
i agree we need to work together to keep this country alive ........... but i just have one question : what are you , debbie stabenow , doing as senator to help this issue .
how big is al gore &apos;s carbon footprint ?
hang on , did you just endorse bernie sanders publicly ?
you are a remarkable lady !
and ms klobuchar will be re-elected with or without your vote .
please senator u.s. senator elizabeth warren fight for us ! ! !
it &apos;s hardly affordable is a matter of fact , $ 300 a month for single coverage for a $ 7000 deductible is not affordable al franken , get your head out of your a $ $ !
march 8-9 the kids and i will be in washington dc advocating for the bleeding disorder communities .
work it brian !
elizabeth warren is a marvel !
alan dershowitz stated that bannon was not anti-semetic .
i especially appreciate the fact that you are including men along side the women in these heinous acts .
mind-blowing logic evades ms. waters once again !
let us finally organize here in arizona , and we can fight discrimination with union contracts .
happy thanksgiving to you and thanks for all you do !
say the words &quot; gun control &quot; and perhaps &quot; counter the force of the nra &quot; ... thank you for all you do .
good , on joining the women &apos;s march on washington .
too many lies , al .
my vote didn &apos;t count .... i &apos;m boycotting the next four years .
you take large donations from big pharma so your vote is to protect their interest .
please run next time around , we need more leaders like you tulsi .
the state of nj is in the top 100 counties in taxes ?
i &apos;m sure he &apos;s a great guy but he wasn &apos;t bernie .
whats there to like about minnesota mostly everyone in minnesota are passive-aggressive and all the politicians lie about everything they &apos;ve ever done to get into office .
so does that mean they are going to protest during the day now ?
thank you again for your support of bernie sanders !
i am all for paid leave , sick pay , and advance notice of work scedules , employees have rights to want these things .
another reason i &apos;m proud of my minnesota representation .
senator schumer , you are a rock star !
&quot; there &apos;s no virtue in silence &quot; so how about you make an endorsement , then ?
i &apos;m hoping that you can keep keith ellison from the dnc .
sp proud of all you do for all of us .
thank you congressman alcee l. hastings !
thank you for sharing your energy and compassion all these years .. candy
i was pleased too , ms.kirsten gillibrand
senator chuck schumer you need to step up and lead , no more confirming unacceptable candidates , no more accepting executive orders without a fight .
just acknowledge the big pharmacy contributions , and do better next time , and move on .
elizabeth , you are a scary woman , but i respect your right to say what you believe .
tillerson has done more to harm humanity than any living person .
hillary is the big business candidate .
spoken like a true son of minnesota !
i would kindly ask that you show your support for bernie who the people of washington have chosen .
run amy , run !
obama with your help bailed out rich dems and rich republicans and did so with bank and auto industry bailouts
please also make sure she has resolved all her conflicts of interest as determined by the ethics office before a vote is held .
how long will lgbt interests be forced to play charlie brown to the democrats &apos; lucy before we understand that the only thing the democratic party cares about are our dollars and our votes--and if we continue to give them both , they &apos;ll continue to disappoint us every single time .
thank you , and please continue representing our priorities and wishes .
illinois loves you !
canadians are just as concerned about drug safety as anyone else .
can &apos;t wait for the convention , and thank you rick .
we also miss mary jo kopechne born 7 / 26 / 1940
north minneapolis is crime free so it must have been murder .
and another woman basher .
continue to fight for the middle class .
peace in all your endeavors--i join you in spirit in the quest for equality , peace and justice .
thanks for nothing elizabeth !
you see , ms. warren , in reality you are are cut of the same cloth and find differences instead of common ground to keep yourselves in power and comfort .
this seems racist , sexist , and phobic .
i am with you ms. warren !
also , please consider jaime harrison for dnc chair .
thanks for your diligent work amy k !
elizabeth is hopefully the future of the democratic party .
trump is going to lose .
ummm canada has one ...
for the first time since i &apos;ve been able to see an inauguration ( i &apos;m 75 ) , i &apos;m not going to watch this one ! !
your ideas , and those of politicians in washington , of middle class and the meaning of middle class to the american population are very different .
thank you senator for all the great work you do supporting everyone across racial lines , across socioeconomic status , across geographic boundaries .
this is scary news
i sincerely like you very much , but i don &apos;t see you standing up for my rights within the dnc .
thank you for standing up for the indiana working class , and listening to your constituents !
is it because she isn &apos;t an upwardly mobile career woman ?
looks like you stepped into a puddle of tea baggers chuck .
between this horrific tragedy and the one in portland last week .
tulsi gabbard , i am so proud to say that i voted for you !
ms. warren , when the pipeline bill was blocked in the senate , some of the lakota nation started singing a victory song and you had them removed .
you gave it all away , though , senator booker , when you voted against allowing americans to buy drugs less expensively from canada .
the reason warren &amp; dems are against it is because their wealthy friends such as warren buffet own the railroads that now transport oil .
hey , jeremiah m. attridge and richard trujillo you missed the point al franken made here .
why is it that nh is developing a habit of sending incompetent governors to dc ?
happy new year to you , and i hope its another productive one for you
the answer is not burdensom legislation that may destroy freedom of communication , speech and expression on the internet as we know it , the answer is more innovative ways to make piracy less tasteful .
thank you , senator booker , for speaking up for your conscience versus your colleague ! ! !
hey liz you show more hatred than i &apos;ve ever seen in my entire life .
it seems as if hatred is bubbling to the surface .
i &apos;ve said it before and i &apos;ll say it again banning assault rifles is not the answer .
maybe it &apos;s time to announce you would be interested in running as vp for bernie !
nh citizens have a great advocate .
&quot; i am not a &quot; disgrace to women &quot; because i don &apos;t support the women &apos;s march .
# hrc # imwithher
give &apos; em the biz , liz !
... very , very kind of you , al !
hey chucky &amp; botox pelosi did the real people show up yet
hilary is a lying scheming stuck up 1 % about who ever is putting that money in her pocket !
i &apos;m supporting bernie sanders , the one candidate who is most like you and me - not rich , and actually cares about other people .
wow thank you senator !
sympathies and prayers to the victims in boston , and thank you to sen. gillibrand , as well as other elected officials , for their public expressions of sympathy and suppport .
# makeamericagreatagain looks like u r out numbered elizabeth 😢 😂 😃
great job amy , you raised taxes , what great accomplishment .
elizabeth warren 2020 ! ! ! !
you &apos;re starting to sound like chris christie , mr. bullshit .
i do hope with those lower prices , that the medications are still high quality .
sorry liz but this sounds like an ad for hitlary ... don &apos;t do this on the graves of the dead
you may not dance but the rest of us will the spirit of new york : - )
it is not needed to go back to more hate crimes , and allowing racism to be ok. i am sure it is fine with you , but no decent american , who believes we are all equal does .
to tammy !
step up and join bernie , liz
now it &apos;s in oregon .
happy new year ( well , that may be a stretch .
happy new year to you and your family , senator warren !
debbie , why are the occupy folks in ny being arrested ?
did you forget about us patty when you and maria , 13 democrats voted against bernie sanders on allowing us to purchase our medications in canada .
it &apos;s happier with as many democratic victories as we won , despite husted &apos;s &amp; others &apos; attempts otherwise !
equal pay for equal skills .
you &apos;re a class act , tim kaine
now i don &apos;t go that way for i am happily married to a beautiful , wonderful woman .
as a nation we need to address the increasing numbers of overdose deaths from heroin along with a family of pain killer opiate based prescription drugs .
amy help get dc open by the time i go next weekend .
well put al franken from the great state of minnesota !
http : / / washingtonexaminer.com / article / 2535885 you have no issue with providing weapons to al qaeda ? ? ?
she left out that he &apos;s a center right ny democrat .
there is gays and lesbians who live with disabilities amy .
first things first : get the chronically homeless housed .
seems like you and bernie are the last bastion of integrity in the leadership .
lets try making equal rights actually equal .
the use of prescription opiates by american workers and job applicants rose 18 % from 2008 to 2009 and has grown 40 % since 2005. http : / / www.chicagotribune.com / health / la-heb-prescription-drug-use-20100915,0,6938830.story
ie as a domestic violence survivor i want to thank you !
so pure and just full of the aloha spirit !
half the people that support reform are seniors chuck .
i loved his speech , looking forward to a better michigan .
i sent this to jeff merkley page for an answer and was deleted .
&quot; greatest democracy on the planet &quot; * elections are revealed as being bought and the dnc actively tried to silence bernie sanders * yeah it &apos;s great
senator warren-please help us abolish the electoral college ! !
# nevercrookedhillary # neverhillary # keeptheclintonsoutofthewhitehouse # bikersfortrump # trumpwillwin # makeamericagreatagain # trumpandonlytrump # trumpbuildthatwall # womenfortrump # veteransfortrump # stopthesteal # nevergoofyelizabethwarran # wethepeoplechoosetrump # presidentdonaldjtrump
conception is important for the health and economic security of women and families !
may be for the offer she gave you $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ to not support bernie sanders ?
trump is a great business man .... .
increased violence in major cities globally has been linked to radiation exposure from atmospheric testing36 .
miss your meds today rachel ?
agree kate .... the honorable mr pallone has it wrong
terrorist attack , al .
i believe in npr and thanks earl for keeping us informed !
tears of joy are streaming down my face
keep fighting for us , patty !
no surprise some racist commenters here who support the well-funded cair lobby are using your stand as a cheap excuse to jew-bash &amp; display their own bigotry .
thank you amy for listening !
happy birthday , congessman !
# neverhillary # bernieorbust
you supported obamacare , a crushing blow to healthcare and the medical industry here in minnesota .
yes yes and more yes .... time for the full employment act of 1945 to achieve full employment in minnesota and everywhere in the u.s.
what kind is ass clowns can misplace an half a billion dollars !
jean ernest anderson i &apos;ve co-sponsored legislation with my friend peter defazio and john larson .
shana tovah , keith !
ok tammy so now congress needs to get its act together to undo the damage scotus did yesterday ! !
you can &apos;t vote against the drug company , and remain on their payroll .
a very excellent idea , kirsten !
i love all the talent that comes out of michigan .
please introduce a bill that meets your standards for drug imports asap .
come together like she did for bernie i guess ... # selloutwarren # deleteyourcareer
compromised child ass raping pederast senators deflect with cia distraction ! ! !
the fact that you &apos;ve apparently received a lot of campaign money from the pharmaceutical industry makes your &apos; no &apos; vote pretty slimy .
i thought one day dylan ratigan ( who i like re : banking laws ) was very hard on you and disrespectful .
thank you kamala harris ..
please join me in blocking ed ofstad .
where is her picture from her passport- this woman got thru all your screen process ! !
# feelthebern ?
keep up the good work , sen. klobuchar !
you are an embarrassment to the lgbt community .
the bill restricting women &apos;s access to health care insurance was written to provide some hospitals ( particularly catholic hospitals ) a legal rationale for refusing to perform abortions , even when the mother &apos;s life is at risk .
he stayed in the klan for 2 years and left it because of the violence that he witnessed .
donald trump is fundamentally unfit to hold any political office .
booker ( d-nj ) and bennet ( &quot; d &quot; -co ) bought by big pharma .
for my children thank you - and bring the rest of democrats with you .
trump for president ❤ ️
don &apos;t support al qaeda .. say no to war
says the asshole who voted against cheaper prescription drugs .. what do you think cory , that canada is a third world country ? ?
from the brennan center for justice , which has looked closely at the issue for several years : _ allegations of voter fraud _ &quot; the &quot; voter fraud &quot; cry has been increasingly used to justify policies that suppress legitimate voters .
chuck , give us some of those phone numbers to call
rep. lewis should work harder to bring people together rather than continuing to divide people .
thank you congressman bennie g. thompson
bravo to elizabeth warren !
here is the outrage : democrats will not let her vote by proxy ( absentee ballot ) when they have their vote for house democratic leadership positions .
e-verify would eliminate a lot of illegal immigrants from our work force and put many more oregonians back to work .
thank you , sen. carper !
it would be that you , ms.stabenow work for me and all the other people who live in the great state of michigan .
: ) keep up the amazing work senator , you make a difference .
bernie + elizabeth = our best future !
or is this truly about the campaign donations to both of you from big pharma ? ? ? ?
senator - we are counting on you to fight against this persecution .
i appreciate you , elizabeth !
there is one prescription i can &apos;t afford .
congrats patty on the primary win , now lets get even busier and set rossi in his place once again ! !
then get behind bernie sanders , the candidate most likely to beat trump in every poll i &apos;ve seen !
# notmypresident the electoral college does not vote until december 19th .
stand up against this travesty ... gmo practices strangling farmers and poisoning the food chain ...
@ cnnpolitics ❌ @ realdonaldtrump : tell ur mothers wives sisters daughters that trump is a sexist racist old pervert not a role model 🚯
why are you not a member of the progressive caucus ?
thank you mrs klobuchar from blaine minnesnowta
amy , it it important that this new year includes bringing home bowe bergdahl , the one us military captive ... since june 30 , 2009 .
hi cry baby chuck .
trump should withdraw his candidacy immediately .
i don &apos;t think you have anything to worry about , patty .
unfortunately it took 20 kids and 6 adults in newtowne for him to lead on this while the teens in the inner cities have been killing themselves and each other at frightening levels , especially in boston and chicago this year .
the big stink about labeling gen moded foods is a waste of time and money .
happy birthday ms. delauro , and thank you for all you do for the people of connecticut !
congratulations to the boy scouts of america and thank michael for acknowledging their anniversary .
i think we should be looking at president gillibrand in 2016 !
thx kirsten .
the chairman who had stepped down in 2011 and recommended dws to succeed him was … tim kaine , hillary &apos;s vp pick in 2016 .
mandel acted like a &quot; talking head &quot; -- ugh brown has my vote !
debbie , listen to this .
in 2020 , i hope i just have to click next to it on my ballot .
i am assuming you are interested in women having equal rights under the law - yes ?
thank you for standing strong for women , sen. murray , we need you now more than ever .
hillary is a crook
i stand with you , cory .
this , and your votes are a total embarrassment to minnesota !
never expected to see senator warren speak like that about anyone .
the drugs are , in most cases , coming from the us to begin with .
uh , hello--elizabeth : we are no longer a democracy ( if we ever were ) , and while i still deeply appreciate all you &apos;ve done and continue to do for americans , you &apos;ve lost some credibility since throwing yourself behind you-know-who .
it is sad that you have reduced your credibility with progressive liberals .
we need an president who is committed to equal rights for all — including women , people of color , and the lgbt community .
cory you are a source of inspiration every day .
not only does it ban ipoker and most gambling , it also bans governor dayton &apos;s games ( e-bingo and e-pulltabs ) that are being used to pay for the vikings stadium and the mn lottery online sales .
for this reason and so many more , this is why we must get bernie sanders to the general election .
please keep hands out of medicare and social security !
trump does not incite his supporters .
this is about the senseless violence and lost lives today in the lgbt community .
we know mental illness does not discriminate in any way at all .
i &apos;m very pleased the dnc is honoring you , your dedication and commitment to the people of california .
17 trillion in debt amy .
i am proud to have you representing me .
also your hot coco and crayons to help you in your therapy while watching this emotional scene from schumer .
four hundred tousand migrant farm workers would be missed if they didn &apos;t work here .
senator schumer ... you seem to be on the right side of things ... but i &apos;d like your voice to be louder .
banning one kind of gun will not stop religious people from hating and murdering gay people .
to all democrats who don &apos;t understand why donald trump won the presidential election , let me give you some clarity .
i feel elizabeth warren is a tad over the top with her rant about trump ... people could go on &amp; on about hillary &apos;s &quot; issues &quot; too&apos;
thank you for your service , senator stabenow .
great convention dnc !
canada has plenty if guns but vthey don &apos;t run around shooting each other .
elizabeth , you are truly a woman of valor and class .
hey chuck , i have an idea .
senator amy klobuchar , your efforts have been a big part of these changes .
but the integrity of our democracy is more important than any individual election , and those of us who supported hillary clinton will respect this result .
thank you senator gillibrand , we support you and your good work !
well wishing mr. mondale on facebook .
cory , as a su alum ( and football fan ) i &apos;m so proud of all you &apos;ve done and are continuing to do for our great country !
i have the utmost respect for your tireless efforts in bringing justice where is due .
i bet it would give the same feelings that hobby lobby has !
agreed elizabeth warren !
i will stand with cory booker .
since the election , trump has only doubled-down on his contempt for our democratic values ( like a free press , political dissent , dispassionate rhetoric , and the constitution ) and institutions .
when are you going to get out of big pharmaceutical pockets ?
you will never get my gun bitch
given the fact that this really looks like american democrats and republicans doing more to protect the profits of the pharmaceutical industry than to protect the health and the financial well-being of american citizens , that is just how it looks .
and we owe it to our mentally ill people to re-visit options for better treatment and more funding to better these people and to make things easier for them , treatment is very important , and it &apos;s not so much the guns i worry about , it &apos;s the person behind the trigger ..
jim &apos;s right , corporations are not people .
didn &apos;t sen warren just subtlety undermine the validity of the results by highlighting the popular vote ?
respectfully , derek
thank you amy and al for all you do !
i just today wrote to olympia snowe and susan collins and chellie pingree to ask that they work to keep federal school loan interest rates from doubling .
tina swift do you realize that the utility companies are holding us hostage by &quot; saying &quot; we need the pipeline to lower costs ?
it &apos;s the drugs goddammit ! ! !
i want to preface my statement by saying i am for marriage equality for all .
where does chuck schumer stand ?
bernie got it .
lets end student loans free education for all who maintain 3.0
but the democratic party was too busy taking a mulligan on the 2008 race to notice or care .
thank you for representing ohio for the good of us all .
most of the drugs are made in the us and do you really think canada allows unsafe drugs ?
remember , michigan voted for pres .
also , sue ann what in the world makes you think that objecting to birthcontrol is the foundation of the catholic religion .
scared of democrats as well .
go away frank
forgive us hillary that not all parents can prop up their kids with $ 900k salaries from the clinton foundation .
thank you corey booker , i can only share this .
what about israeli rights of existence and recognition ?
your worried about a calling contraception women &apos;s health .
drumpf should change his slogan to &quot; make america like guatemala &quot;
ma residents please support elizabeth in the election .
go get &apos;em , congresswoman !
time to organize to fight this very real threat to true american values and our way of life .
elizabeth warren is a great human being .
while i mourn the sanders loss , i understand the importance of keeping this country away from # losertrump .
it looked scary when it was first explained but it &apos;s even scarier to see government shut downs and polarizing of our nation .
those that support murray are deluding yourselves and are selling the rest of us down the drain .
i &apos;m so grateful there are senators like cory booker who will fight for us .
too many guns , too many people being shot , at work , at school , at home , we live in a gun zone , our entire country is a gun zone .
thank you patty -- what a great idea !
take it with a grain of salt , debbie .
the state of minnesota , the people you were elected to repreaent , put their support behind bernie sandars and yet you have stated your vote will go to hillary clinton .
the only lies concerning hillary clinton are the lies about her coming from the republican kkk and the unrealistic unreasonable green party divisionists don &apos;t be fooled again by the republican kkk liars
and you support hillary the one that loses against him in polling , if we want a progressive in the white house sanders is our only choice .
i hope the failure to represent the lgbt community will be addressed by a continued attack on doma , and continued support for enda and other federal-level protections .
rep. alcee hastings ( d-fl ) said that his salary of $ 174,000 a year simply isn &apos;t enough to live on ..... dear mr hastings , i understand that you are questioning your decision to work for the public trust .
do you mean splinter , as in not coming together to support the candidate that you spoke about on the rachel maddow show , &quot; for me , that &apos;s what this is all about .
contraceptives are medicine , used to treat painful or irregular periods and the transition into menopause , and prevent bone loss and the development of non-cancerous cysts in the breasts , cervix and uterus .
why did trump pick the racist , misogynistic , anti-semitic steve bannon to be his chief strategist ?
not you too , elizabeth !
oregon national guard emergency relief fund
thank you , john yarmuth : proud to be represented by you !
thank you for continuing to fight the obstructionist party on this !
why did you mr. booker not vote to lower the cost of medicine from big pharmaceutical company &apos;s ?
you supporters need to open your eyes to reality .
elizabeth warren take a chill pill girlfriend and relax .....
the issue is not about taking everyone &apos;s guns .
36. invested heavily in renewable technology : as part of the 2009 stimulus , invested $ 90 billion , more than any previous administration , in research on smart grids , energy efficiency , electric cars , renewable electricity generation , cleaner coal , and biofuels .
my condolances congresswoman speier .
that is oregon &apos;s heritage .
my female friends thank you for your effort .
shame on you oregon for selling out !
bless you al
what they should do is give those seats to ordinary people who want to participate in experiencing the peaceful transition of power .
do what you can to get democrats to the polls !
please research a candidate you all speak so highly of and research the damage cluster bombs do .
i &apos;m honored to have you represent me .
never trump &amp; never hillary .
i notice i &apos;m still blocked at the other richard blumenthal site with over 28,000 likes .
donald has my vote or ted or anyone other than hillary or bernie .
i love me some elizabeth warren ! ! !
the state of minnesota needs to put together a patients &apos; bill of rights that supercedes insurance companies &apos; ability to interfere with medical treatment .
run , elizabeth warren , run !
please reconsider your superdelegate pledge for clinton , and instead stand with your constituency to support bernie sanders .
brad , please urge president obama to strongly condemn hamas &apos; actions .
we need allies and friends from all corners .. sincerely , molasses jones + the sweet team !
so do something ... introduce legislation , deny consent for trump nominees .
be our voice and kick his orange ass !
amy klobuchar , how about the millions of gallons of waste the epa dumped into the river ?
there are times when the only place a child from southern mn can go is to fargo nd .
senator wyden , i hope you and others who think like you can prevent the loss of healthcare for millions and stop the pillaging of medicare , medicaid , and social security .
thank you from detroit senator !
i &apos;m pretty sure bathroom issues are the real reason democrats were not able to attend today and tomorrow ..... just look at what happened when hillary tried to attend the 911 memorial ceremony .
we saw them hide risk and create a lot of leverage in the global financial system in securities and securitization , where one bad mortgage could be levered up to be in numerous different deals .
i &apos;m so sorry you did not support this the americans want to work act co-sponsors ( along w / stabenow ) : chuck schumer ( d-ny ) harry reid ( d-nv ) dick durbin ( d-il ) ... carl levin ( d-mi ) bob casey ( d-pa ) chris dodd ( d-ct ) sherrod brown ( d-oh ) jack reed ( d-ri ) sheldon whitehouse ( d-ri )
senator warren , please endorse the only candidate with integrity , the one you know in your heart speaks the truth .... bernie sanders
i voted for u kamala !
when bernie wins by a huge landslide in our home state and we try to talk to our congressman about his super delegate vote , we are told that we are bullying , blackmailing , or whining .
joe - i am in agreement with you .
he caused the closure of kis and lost michigan many jobs .
thank you , congressman cleaver for your stance on this matter .
i &apos;m convinced the single most powerful thing you could do to stop trump now is to become bernie &apos;s vp .
i know this , trump and sanders scare the establishment .
clinton receives millions from saudia arabia , one of the biggest threats to women &apos;s rights in the world .
so proud of our mn senators .
i hate hillary and warren
dear senator booker , is this a call to find ways for the able-bodied on assistance to remove themselves from assistance and living off the government .
reading attacks on elizabeth warren by women , when speaking out on behalf of moms , it is easy to understand why hillary clinton thinks she needs to be more masculine than most men to cope 😒
good luck tomorrow kamala !
please take action cory booker http : / / www.haaretz.com / opinion / .premium-1.757630 ? v = eaafac64320a3f2c7b27cb3ebe6e052b &#91; &#91; share &#93; &#93;
if you voted bernie , vote trump !
patty murray and other corrupt dems who voted against cheaper medicines : https : / / s27.postimg.org / pwa0d0iur / dems.png
elizabeth is a box of rocks .
say it slowly , savor it ... president hillary r. clinton .
bonsoir comme allez vous ma belle ?
please sign and share this petition widely !
lost a lot of points with me voting with the republicans against being able to buy cheaper drugs from canada - the &quot; consumer safety &quot; fig leaf you &apos;re trying to hide behind is nonsense and we all know it .
my senators , durbin and duckworth , are outnumbered and helpless .
when elizabeth warren or others use these labels to attack trump or other americans , it only fuels resentment .
so elizabeth , would you accept vp with bernie sanders , the most electable and politically compatible-with-your-views candidate , or are you going to sell yourself to the establishment ? ? ? ? ?
hillary &apos;s lies matter !
so proud to have you as our mn u.s. senator !
dear senator kaine , almost everyone knows our federal government is on a dangerous course .
safety is a smokescreen argument senator murray and we all know it .
however in the world we live in , there are rarely even convictions for assault for use of excessive force , and police have committed violence against people of color on an intense , motivated basis , without reprisal .
proudly displaying warren for senate .
as a nj constituent , i intend to be very vocal about this vote .
saw you on fox &amp; friends frank .
i used to have an office at cambridge innovation center , they &apos;re awesome .
senator , 3 of your fellow democratic senators and one independent voted in favor of rex tillerson .
ok chuck .
for lake health , 1- fight asian and big-head carp .
have a nice day lizzy - make sure you tell the dnc that all of us lowly min wage earners can &apos;t wait to keep earning the low wages we all deserve - have a great day drinking your champagne lunch in the afternoons with lobbyists and pork barrelers
while buzz words like &quot; cut taxes &quot; and &quot; less govt &quot; sound great , deregulating the banking industry directly led us into this mess .
we &apos;ve spent countless hours lifting people out of poverty while corporations have consistently lobbied to spite all our efforts and people still can &apos;t understand the difference .
do you cherry pick which pharmaceutical dollars you line your pockets with ?
federal raids on ca medical cannabis patients are unconstitutional .
instead of inciting further conflict , i think it would be better if you thought about how you can stop fighting purely political battles and represent our interests .
i am actually writing to ask you to please cosponsor house resolution 🔹 30 🔹 ( former # hres752 which you were the 1 st to cosponsor ) by congressman alcee hastings # condemning # china &apos;s # yulin festival , urges china to end the # dogmeattrade and enact ( currently there are none ) # animalanticrueltylaws ❗ thank you .
( admittedly off topic ) representative pascrell --- if you have the moral courage to publicly acknowledge my question on national television , i &apos;ll make a $ 2,500 donation to your favorite charity .
you have been a tireless advocate for our state .
hillary is such an easy target for your deeply embedded distrust and fear and hate of powerful women .
maybe sen. murray should take a look in the mirror and tell us why they were awol when it came to a budget six months ago .
what if in the next election who ever you vote for gets elected by the electoral college and not the popular vote will that person then be your president .
please also google endocrine disruptors- which cause infertility among other things , and roundup can affect reproductive health for 3 generations .
note how the paid trolls have the exact same talking points !
i am a born and bred san joaquin valley woman .
thank you senator !
her clear failure to make any effort to do even a minimum amount of homework and learn the basics of the position for which she has been nominated is truly frightening .
so proud we have you representing the great state of montana !
yea like calling trump illegitimate president
i &apos;m very proud , and feel very fortunate to be represented in the senate by both yourself and senator franken !
keep fighting for us all , even those of an obtuse disposition
thank you from ny , senator .
funny how you slap an anti trump troll in the face with a fact and they block you , its not trump supporters faults they limit you guys on the things they want you to know .
she always did her best to help me although i was a challenging student .
keep it up and you &apos;ll start a violent response to you unpatriotic rantings .
double moral elizabeth .
police assaulted the two journalists ( shoving one &apos;s head into a window , slamming one into a coke machine ) as they were &quot; arresting &quot; them .
don &apos;t let the bullies of big money turn our nation back to a 19th century sweat shop no-hope nightmare for the middle class 47 % .
you &apos;ll do a much better job at rebuilding our economy when you help us flip in the midterms , and then win the presidency in 2020 !
i seriously hope you are right elizabeth warren .
blacks would be largely ignored by both parties until voter registration drives during the civil rights movement .
no need to call you or tulsi gabbard , i know you &apos;ll do the right thing .
ass clowns
thank you tammy for all you do ! ! !
this is specifically for non fda approved drugs through big pharma .
fake tears and acting like a whining bitch .
thank you for being on top of this and other matters ... awful to have your hands tied and the american families suffering due to these bureaucrats and their leadership ... glad you are there on behalf of rhode island citizens ... keep up your good work .... : )
unfortunately , you could add hillary clinton &apos;s name along side donald trump &apos;s in the senator &apos;s comments and have a more complete representation of the trouble we are in for this next presidential election .
and we have to realize the fake news .
hate to tell you miss elizabeth warren , you &apos;re a nut job , and trump is going to be your next boss , and being we are your boss also the people of this country , we would like you to stop bad mouthing the person that most of us want as president .
oh but dnc corruption is not important ?
rest in peace jim and hope you new adventures are even better .
is that why you voted against stricter fda regulations just a week or so ago ?
we are out of work , 90 million of us and 70 million seniors .
corporate 1 % has won and they are screaming check mate .
keep working for the middle class .
( lying , gun planting , and edited bodycam video not included ) their jobs are dangerous and deserves our intelligence community to help find a way to that fine line of tough decision making and solutions , to do just like you said ..... get it right !
you betcha amy ! ! !
i would love to see us stand on the side of science and the overwhelming consensus the gmo crops on the market are safe .
senator ron wyden , our progressive values do have the chance to win with an unprecedented opportunity in criminal justice reform .
regardless , glad to have you fighting for fairness and equality day after day .
thank you for declining to normalize his behavior .
a what is dear bill clinton &apos;s role in all of this ?
we will vote him out in 2020 everyday we just have to deal and take it with stride .
lets adopt the positive approach used in mn to defeat the anti-gay ammendment .
how many of bernies or hilary &apos;s events were disrupted by republicans ?
maybe if they could all get a job like amy , doing nothing but talking and make six figures .
i don &apos;t live in flint but care about the people there because we are all gods children .
funny you were all so upset when you thought trump wouldn &apos;t accept the election results ... but now we all really see who the true sore losers are .
happy birthday senator durbin , good health and good luck !
you &apos;re a fantastic representative for the people of new york and volunteering on your 2008 campaign was one of the great honors i &apos;ve been fortunate enough to have been a part of .
the kkk has donated money to hillary &apos;s campaign , not trumps , and you have a problem with getting friendly with putin ?
so glad to see kyrsten is inspired to follow in gabby &apos;s path ! ! !
michael lapointe jim decaro bob burr
and stop acting like canada doesn &apos;t care about safety .
hey liz just go away
many die each day in the united states of america for lack of affordable drugs .
because the fda required it to go through a 100.000.000 $ approval process .
thank-you chellie for your continued impassioned advocacy for 1st district mainers !
thanks for being thoughtful on this issue patty !
it was none other than amy klobuchar ! !
you wanna run in 2020 ?
in other words , a mere appeal to a generic criterion ( &quot; safety &quot; ) is insufficient .
not to mention jack dalrymple , the governor of n dakota who has ordered force against native american protestors at standing rock - trumps nominee for dept of agriculture ; myron ebell ( google him ) trump &apos;s nominee for the environmental protection agency ; etc etc etc .
does sen. coons have a right to take that away ?
trump is a narcissistic douch bag .
# stillsanders # bernthemedia
will you think about running in 2020 ?
i have been buying drugs from canada for years at average 50 % savings .
dan kildee just asked governor snyder to step -up !
pease work towards allowing medicare to negotiate lower drug prices with companies .
happy birthday rep. gabbard , from dis haole on da mainland !
merry hanukkah , al !
it would have helped for hillary to have you as her vp .. but no .. she goes wall st instead .... good luck dealing with trump !
how do you explain that chicago has a very high gun crime rate ?
the real hard work is yet ahead , but we have your back , as well , senator warren !
perhaps a code of ethics should be legislated for big pharma .
i agree that our infrastructure needs immediate attention , as do the people that would have those jobs .
wow - keep fighting for us al ! !
what is your senator doing ?
any slightly educated person can see your &quot; all or nothing &quot; fallacy and faulty generalizations being spread all over the place by you and your contemporaries .
come on - he is the closest one to your beliefs - and your endorsement could be the difference between a president sanders or clinton .
thank you for supporting all minnesotans amy !
i have rights that allow me to voice my plans and or my opinions.krysten sinema is a blue dog traitor .
don &apos;t vote for sherrod brown , he is a liberal working for sherrod brown
i &apos;ve never been more proud to be a democrat than i have this week !
meatloaf , you pulled that 90 % right out your large ass
i am so thankful to have betty mccollum in the house !
crocodile tears schumer .... the dead leftist democrat party continues in vain to influence america &apos;s politics .... their lifeless bodies propped up by a seditious press ... president trump # maga looking forward to real hope and change !
for that reason , a regular citizen can donate money to you al , but any of you pick up the phone to anyone regular citizen in the us capitol , not even one time at month .
❤ ️ amy klobuchar .
how do you feel about the proposed community center in lower manhattan ?
you do not represent the educated michigan residents who see through this administrations lies and cover ups
the writer of this article is not a real woman .
thank you john - i &apos;m proud to have campaigned and voted for you 👍
and amy klobuchar .
senator brown , if you ever need real estate appraising advice , i will be glad to offer my services pro-bono .
the profiteering by the drug companies is both unethical and immoral .
will rahn wrote at cbs news that the &quot; unbearable smugness &quot; of the clinton-biased media was off-putting to a lot of voters , as they sneered at trump supporters as stupid backward hicks while doing everything they could to prop up clinton .
you ignorant trump supporters are ridiculously stupid , or deeply entrenched in the grip of satan .
mr. brown , for sometime now after my light bulb moment i realized that the united states of america is no longer a republic it is a fascist state !
debbie , you &apos;ve been there supporting pres .
well , if elizabeth warren can be &quot; nice &quot; and she is one &quot; nasty woman &quot; we can be , too !
we need an alcohol prohibition in the united states .
@ dean ; if you &apos;re not a fan of amy , then why don &apos;t you just unfriend her ?
i see bernie as a one-trick pony ... nice and thoughtful , but it leaves me concerned on how he will implement .
as your employer and as a woman .
so proud to have you as a senator .
i am native american and see a lot of myself in the poor man who got shot in minnesota last night .
i am relieved you supported such legislation , but still disappointed in your sponsoring of pipa and willingness to support free-speech damaging legislation .
now lets get rid of trumps other nominees as well !
if people want guns they will get guns just like junkies get drugs
when everyone is armed , maybe we &apos;ll be able to all live in peace .
how about a gillibrand / franken ticket in 2020 ?
do not support sopa or pipa
yes , and group marriage , and all other forms of perversion deserve teh same equality .
there are concerns of other countries regarding compliance requested payment of debts or loans and other financial services that must be solved by the entities responsible for granting the type of funding agencies such as transmitted to the bif world bank , imf , as appropriate .
two of the people at the mall that day , senator merkley , are friends of mine .
thank you for standing up for all of us and for getting on issues that are important to us before they even become news .
i am not a minnesotan any more , but i do love that amy k. steps up to the plate .
happy to see someone like you representing my montana family .
i hope you ride a belgium subway soon warren !
massachusetts governor &apos;s position to reject syrian refugees is unconscionable and unamerican .
keep up the good fight , senator schumer .
used to respect you mr booker .
to remove the electoral college process 🇺 🇸
the majority in colorado voted for obama , by popular vote , for a democratic senate and congress by popular vote , and for a dem governor .
this makes me very happy with the thought of all the energy going into meaningful steps rather than &quot; them &quot; and &quot; us &quot; mentality .
thank you for all your inspiring words cory booker !
http : / / usuncut.com / news / maine-dem-superdelegates / just another weak attempt to undermine bernie sanders , who is using the rules that the dnc established themselves .
we need your level head and compassionate voice now more than ever .
directing her disparate constituencies , the progressive peculators of her &quot; rodomonte realm &quot; will endeavor to orchestrate the defeat of constitutionalism .
ma taxpayers pay for subsidization of cost inefficient and unproductive energy .
prescription price relief is desperately needed .
what i would like to ask you mr. schumer is where are your tears for all of the american citizen &apos;s in chicago that are at no fault of their own caught up in the murderous rampage that they have no way out of ?
if trump becomes president the united states will be a joke .
you are a hypocrite and a phony when you vote to confirm all the potus cabinet picks
thanks al - glad to have you in the senate !
we &apos;re going to be counting on you , brian - now , more than ever !
and , i was promised from your washington office that i would be contacted and supported from one of your mi offices ... very frustrating , senator debbie !
senator booker , i am not directly your constituent , but i am so happy to see someone take a stand and fight for progressive values and for our country as a community of citizens that care about each other .
how can you say that she has basic decency after all the evil that she has done ?
the junta that was just a horrible ghoul turned their lives to be a hell of oppression , suppression and harassment .
dear senator warren you and sentor bernie sanders have a greate new year , i trust you both will work for regular citizens .
indeed , thank you , earl !
after 30 years dem proud i am dem done ...... # bernieorbust change your superdelegate vote , ron , be on the right side of history ...........
most drumpf supporters would get a headache just trying to read this many words .
if by &quot; working with the president &quot; she means rubber-stamping his agenda , she must be on drugs .
kirsten , when are you going to stop with your spin on the truth ?
wow how wonderful to have such caring teacher and i know there &apos;s a lot more teachers like that we never hear about .
thank you , ms. amy klobuchar you are a great leader clearly connected to citizens and their needs .
nice words , mr. booker .
i just listened to bernie read between lines against police .
hillary i think u should ask elizabeth warren to be ur vp
seeing people still cry and try to harass warren into endorsing bernie is like a sick torture porn fetish to me .
kyrsten , please also thank wells fargo bank , they donated a very large amount of money and support to the cause as well .
there purposely causing this mess to make the president look bad .... wa wa wa ... this is the problem in a nut shell .
please run in 2020 , cory .
their male counterparts are equally unimpressed !
cory , is your post about a particular candidate or about the thousands i see on facebook just being absolutely nasty to one another .
proud that you represent me !
why are they &apos;re streets not as important as ours ?
trump is an absolute clown , hard to believe any rational thinker takes him serious .
change starts now : call ( don &apos;t email ) your senators and your reps and tell them that they must fight the appointment of anti-semite conspiracy theorist steve bannon .
plenty of space to protest in dc other than the house floor .
call 18559765699. or .... hehehe call 702-982-0000 trump hotel las vegas + 1 434-984-4855 trump winery . 😂 😂
the mere existence of the electoral college makes this a republic .
i say shame on you for approving any of these horrible cabinet nominees .
i believe many of the president-elect &apos;s cabinet choices are racists and bigots who have been making false stories to the media .
i share your thoughts on the middle class focus .
voting against sessions isn &apos;t enough .
you are the best , earl !
senator chuck schumer what measure will you take to protect the american people from these abuses ?
you already have two people help your campaign in michigan .
thank you amy for being a level headed voice for the middle-class !
i support the efforts of dutch kissing my ass
thank you mrs mccaskill 🙏
elizabeth for senate majority leader
will the debate on tuesday evening in western massachusetts be shown online also ?
you should be ashamed of yourself debbie , you have done nothing for mi and all you care about is yourself and keeping your power .
each woman needs privacy to speak with her health care giver and her family in these matters .
get your head out of your ass , please .
if citizens in this country want something to protest ... that should be top of list to protest and repeal ! ! !
okee dokee earl .
thank you mr. defazio for standing firm in the face of a ridiculous attempt to circumvent the governing process .
glad i didn &apos;t vote for ms murray .
you &apos;re a fucking tool .
thank you for your hard work , trump is one very scarry man .
hey congressmen wyden who can investigate this ?
no to booker .
thank goodnes cleaver is sticking with us ! !
elizabeth , if you had run , we &apos;d be talking about president warren today .
hapgy new year senator warren .
so very sorry on the loss of your dear mother mary jane .
how about when president carter banned iranians from entering the country ?
they are scared because trump can &apos;t be bought and corrupted .
thank you , senator franken ... for your heartfelt thoughts and support for robin william &apos;s family , friends and followers .
i will proudly always own a gun and have a license , i will always protect my family and home , i wasn &apos;t raised to be a victim .
when , however , those views interfere with their stated mission of helping cancer victims , they lose their objectivity and their credibility .
so you ignore equality under the law simply because the opposition doesn &apos;t agree .
rip , teddy ... ye served us well .
u.s. senator elizabeth warren : i don &apos;t trust him one bit .
drive on beto but it takes a lot of beans to effectively be in the right place at the critical time and to simultaneously take care of your own family .
amy have a great thanksgiving ! ! ! !
i support gay marriage , equal pay for women , which is happening .
thank you , amy , for all your work .
too bad there is no mention of hillary &apos;s strong ties the big banks and wall street .
thank you , congressman yarmuth , for representing us with courage , honesty and integrity .
roe / wade , lgbtq rights
thank amy .
feelthebern ms. harris .
keep devos out of the trump con cabinet .
senator warren is the mean girl in 8th grade or a leader of a major political party ?
where are you speaking out about the harris vs quinn case ?
elizabeth i agree with you however i will not and cannot ever support hrc i will not vote hillary and i will not vote trump .... if that ends up meaning a trump presidency then so be it .
happy 4th , congresswoman schultz ! ! !
i &apos;ve loved elizabeth warren since i started to watch her lectures on youtube .
we need kindness and compassion towards eachother in this world more than ever , not hate .
please keep fighting for our seniors .
i say bernie should chose elizabeth warren as his vp .
just like racism , sexism is something you guys in government just won &apos;t let die .
i know your health insurance is guaranteed by office as well as your retirement , however mine is here ; sign bernie &apos;s letter to help stop the dismantling of social security , medicare and medicare here : http : / / www.sanders.senate.gov / petition / ? uid = cc9bfb45-9836-4c1d-a24d-6db690f73458
go go go for it tammy !
2018 and 2020 will bring years of change and people will remember those like you who stood up for what is constitutionally right , and for the people , not big business .
4.the increase of sex abuse , smoking and illicit drugs among students and youth .
$ 385,000 since 2011 from big pharma , corey ?
trollers dont support civil terrorists who are funded by koch corporations ... they &apos;re only interested in those campaign funds because those are the same politicians who have actually invested in firms owned by koch corporations .
i really hope you do not go to the inauguration , he was not voted in by the people !
why did you vote &quot; yes &quot; to trump &apos;s unqualified cabinet picks ?
well put sen. warren .
assault and automatic weapons have no place in society except as killing tools .
this is what you get in a fascist system .
yes we need bernie sanders .
your opinion is not that important elizabeth warren .
mark , anyone who thinks charging higher prices for prescription drugs must be wanting to get out of politics .
you better get the message straight about the middle class and yes inequality of opportunity ... just talk to elizabeth warren - she &apos;ll fill you in .
lots of hate .
senator , you team up with my two senators from minnesota and just keep working hard for what you know is best for our country .
llap .......... boston , senator warren and mr. spock !
with acid rain , pollution of lakes &amp; streams , we &apos;ll all be eating &quot; soient green ! &quot; .
did you see the robbary al ?
national alliance on mental illness of minnesota ( nami-mn ) had their &quot; mental health day on the hill &quot; today talking about funding for issues like mental health care for homeless youth , supporting people with mental illnesses in the work force , and suicide prevention strategies like text for live , and much more !
i believe in you mr. franken , i know you have a long road in front of you .
thank you , elizabeth warren for what we all should be saying instead of using the bible and fear tactics to stoke hate upon hate .
i hear people cry about their dues and the unions don &apos;t do shit for me .... i lost my union at a major airline recently , now i &apos;m paying more for my insurance , no pension and no security ! !
thanks congresswoman slaughter .
with all due respect , bernie sanders should have been allowed to run .
you name should be debbie stabmycountryinthebackenow
i like hillary , and will vote for her if she &apos;s the candidate , but i &apos;m for bernie .
real life gordon gekko : hillary is &apos; the queen of receiving money &apos; https : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = jo3veqhdio0
jackie - i have watched you over the years - your dedication to the people of your district and california is impressive , important and should be known by each and every one in your district .
what is your favorite porn hub category ?
don &apos;t give up cory !
thank you so much , senator murray .
trump is the definition of a low information candidate .
that defense bill mandating mining at san carlos is a threat to minnesota and all reservations besides being illegal .
these are big pharma talking points .
we &apos;re all with you kyrsten !
thank you congresswoman , i believe that was the right vote for this awful bill .
debbie , you &apos;re a disgrace .
thank you senator murray ! ! ! ! !
we will remember who stood up against trumpism with all it &apos;s support from and for groups filled with hate , racism and bigotry .
thank you so much for being there for all of us .
this is the wrong woman .
no virtue in silence is exactly right !
but trump supporters do not read .
how about passing some fucking gun control laws .
rep. schneider , this is such a great day for equality !
senator stabenow , i didn &apos;t see your name on the list of senators who will not be attending trump &apos;s inauguration .
you are a corporate whore !
please fight on my behalf to prevent this appointment .
you &apos;re doing good things tammy , keep up the good work ...
even oregon state police dan meyers refused my proof she knew her killers and it was not as told by fairview police who should all get fired .
bernie sanders will become president , despite rigged debate schedules , skewed polls , and clinton &apos;s &apos; inevitability&apos;
give them hell , patty !
i &apos;m proud you are our senator and we are honored to have your back !
you were elected to represent and serve the people not one woman and her ideals .
we need your help amy , we need to keep his dream going , and get corporate profits &amp; greed out of the process .
electoral college is an antiquated system !
and flint shows we need to know where our water and our food come from .
if this does not work out though , perhaps you can run for mayor of san francisco instead .
thanks for trump , patty murray !
i am not happy with the corporatist i voted for .
i am not out there screwing women as you so colorfully claim .
trump supporters are among the nation &apos;s most undereducated , powerless , voiceless citizens .
speak out forcefully against the organizers of the women &apos;s march for punishing hillary for attending the inauguration .
i support improved safety and this is why there should not be a keystone pipeline .
please , please kirsten gun control legislation .
mr. kildee i am a big fan of yours , but honestly kaine is not even remotely progressive .
deeply proud of you .
bill pascrell is my favorite partisan politician .
do you actually work to serve the people , or just corporate interest ?
very disappointed you have made the decision not to attend the inauguration .
good for you cory !
stay strong debbie .
every poll has shown that hillary can &apos;t beat trump , we need bernie !
with the right incentives , minnesota could be second to texas in wind energy production .
and , given the recent news about russia interfering with our election in an effort to help trump win , i expect you will act at every turn to obstruct anything and everything he tries to do as president .
senator booker , sorry , but this is exactly the situation we democrats lose elections over ... you allowed the perfect to be the enemy of the good ... could you advise on your contributions from the pharmaceutical industry ?
senator warren please do to the banks what the banks did to me this holiday season .
yes this means you amy klobuchar !
we could of had bernie you sellout fire the whole dnc colossal failure by the party leaders kick the losers out and hire someone who will fight for progressive causes for the people not your establishment money grabbers the dnc betrayed the populous party
you should have backed bernie and i won &apos;t vote for you either next time
it is a symbol of a heritage that embraces white supremacy , segregation , discrimination and empowers hatred toward someone solely because of the color of their skin .
i remember when it was common for older relatives to talk about jews , african americans and catholics with derisive jokes although those speaking had never met a jew and had rarely ever seen african americans possibly never even having the opportunity to pass someone like that on the street .
hope you and senator peters can do something to insure that they ( enron ) will properly maintain the line .
! elizabeth warren is awesome !
warner for president , please .
thank you patty , it was a great time for all .
hilary isn &apos;t any better , except at hiding what she truly is i &apos;m afraid .
sen. klobuchar supports sodomy ( gay ) rights .
hilarity saying that wall st are running ads against her .
but sen. brown please ask u.s. fish and wildlife service to list lions under the endangered species act and prohibit import of animal parts from trophy hunts .
senator booker ... jersey girl here ... who voted for you twice .... i am afraid ... don &apos;t want to engage in this society any longer .... still shocked that my countrymen abandoned everything good about our value system
when he died the people burst into tears in the streets and their minds wailed , &quot; what can we do now ? &quot;
as an independent bernie could have said they were corrupt , he could have said that the dnc and the democratic elite don &apos;t care about us we the people .
in 2015 schumer tweeted &quot; we must tighten loopholes in the visa waiver program , ensure passports can &apos;t be faked &amp; stop terrorist who want to exploit the system &quot; .
thank you , congressman doggett !
go to your local conventions , caucuses , and delegate elections and vote only bernie delegates .
merry christmas dutch ( candy cane # ) ~ download to see fun emoticons !
thank you senator harris from millbrae , ca 94030
congressma &apos;m speier , please represent my wishes that fort funston dog park in san francisco keep it &apos;s current policy of allowing voice controlled dogs to be off leash .
be sure to visit the officer who brown attacked as well as the innocent retailer that brown robbed .
al sharpton of woman &apos;s rights .
keep fighting the good fight beto
i appreciate your explanation of your vote and understand you &apos;re in an uphill battle .
that was a great interview , jackie .
elizabeth warren , what would hillary clinton have to do for you to say , that &apos;s it , i &apos;m done with her ?
thank you for hearing our voices , senator warner !
who have you confirmed in the trump cabinet , because none of them have my american values of helping the middle class and poor .
thank you very much , amy ! !
it is your job to know something but yet al you refuse to take part in national issues ?
anyone who can pat amy on the back for what they call &quot; doing a good job &quot; isn &apos;t at all paying attention !
really don &apos;t see trump supporters causing problems its always the people on your side .
many many good corporations helped the workers and still feed the poor and much more .
despite west being economically and militarily so powerful and despite global mechanism of united nations controlled mainly by west , the three instances are enough to prove that western democratic model has failed to usher the rest of the world into liberal &amp; progressive way of life .
where is hillary &apos;s awful list .
but thanks for the advice ms. warren .
senator , this book on vladimir putin may help you and your colleagues find common ground in working on world problems ( and also compare policies on russia &apos;s multi-ethnic society ) : https : / / www.amazon.com / putin-his-own-words-international / dp / 1539736067 / ref = sr _ 1 _ 1 ? s = books &amp; ie = utf8 &amp; qid = 1479836001 &amp; sr = 1-
we are lucky to have you representing us .
am so sorry jackie .
who were those two women they showed who were so somber and didn &apos;t applaud for equal pay !
in fact , most of us probably do the work of several people since corporations refuse to hire more staff and instead pocket the profits for their ceo bonuses and shareholders .
betty - it &apos; &apos; s your claim that obamacare forces religious employers to provide birth control for their employers .
i want you and / or senator cantwell to introduce legislation that will require all senators and congress to pay for their own healthcare .
thanks , al for fighting the good fights for mn .
senator wyden - speaker paul ryan has indicated that medicare should be privatized .
appears to me nancy you are in dem territory if you arr posting here .
i echo your comments amy .
the first of these is really unworthy of elizabeth warren .
i am saddened that those of the &quot; political elite &quot; such as maxine waters , vote to force legislation such as the &quot; affordable &quot; care act upon americans while they themselves are exempted from it because it is &quot; too expensive &quot; .
this is why there is so much violence in this country .
thank you -thank you for being such a sound caring voice for us
keep on keeping on , al !
thank you , senator klobuchar , for &quot; having the backs &quot; of those that desperately need a voice of someone that can effect a difference .
hi senator kaine , i am not trolling your page .
congrats tammy , we love you in schaumburg and know you are are terrific leader .
keep the seat warm for frank in 2018 .
we are right there with warren and sanderd
everyone who isn &apos;t a rich white male is going to be hate fu * ked for the next four years .
trump wants to keep america safe and that &apos;s called racist ?
grace what are you talking about debbie is a democrat not a republicans and its not republicans following alec agenda its the democraps get it right man .
dr warren you area true leader in this country
my president is bernie sanders .
thank you tammy for being a congress member and a veteran .
we need to hear our democratic party leaders teaching our citizens about operation paperclip , about cia funding the right wing governments in japan and korea after wwii until at least the kennedy administration using loot / money stolen by the japanese army during their war in china , etc .
social security was refined many times over the years , as were financial regulations , environmental protection laws , worker safety laws , drunk driving laws , and so on .
exactly ... so what have you done today to support us in new jersey who oppose trump &apos;s agenda ?
patty murray has done &amp; continues to represent us !
wrong if you look at the cnn facebook poll 75 per cent said bernie sanders beat her
because dems could present nothing better than this kind of mealy mouthed corporate doublespeak .
lucky for him that some women prefer the wishy-washy type .
congratulations xoxox sending love from nyc xoxox
mahalo senator akaka , aloha senator inouye , and thank you brian for stepping in to help carry us through this next chapter !
was looking forward to voting for you in 2020 or 2024 , then you abandoned bernie in the primary and backed a wall street shill tainting your own legacy .
instead of adding fuel to the fire ron , why aren &apos;t you and the rest of congress out trying to stop the melee of riots and protesters ?
shawn taylor was killed with a high-capacity assault rifle .
thank you amy , for your service !
kudos from mn !
we need you to endorse , him , sen. warren , to give him a chance to win .
thank you keith .
you and sherrod should be commended for standing up for what is best for america !
rossi is a bright man , and i think he will be able to find work elsewhere .
the operative word is civil , burning and looting negates the cause and anyone promoting violence is ruining the chances of answers ............
senators kaine and warner should follow your lead .
marshall law has no place on our streets and militarized police have no right to declare a ban public gathering , let alone shooting unarmed civilians .
i think its great that kyrsten sinema shares things about herself that she enjoys .
that gentleman in louisiana had several recorded incidents of mental health aberrations .
the political climate is going to change and it will not be long before party change initiates legislation to overturn this action .
madame senator , we need you to lead a new strategy of resistance , and even obstruction , against the incoming fascist regime .
until they start representing us , they &apos;re just a bunch of greedy bastards equal to the rich corporate interests they blame everything on .
take over democrat leadership n fight trump in 2020 .
hell there are native american tribes that eat dog as well .
you seem to fail to mention that you assisted in voting down an amendment to help americans import the same , completely safe drugs from other countries in an effort to provide affordable medication for all .
and lewis was totally disrespectful to president elect trump .
omg you drilled her .... you new name should be tim &quot; drill a slow &quot; kaine equal education for all
if you are illegal get the fuck out of my country .
just openly endorse sanders akready
you need to run for president ms. speier .
equality would be the government having no involvement in civil unions whatsoever .
your words are encouraging , healing and an awesome guiding light in an unsure time .
tears are running down my face watching a fraud traitor , criminal scumbag like you .
my hawaii friends are very proud of you , and so am i .
please seriously consider the bid for presidency in 2020. this country needs you .
frank really ?
ew is setting herself up to replace hrc when she gets the indictment she is waiting for
please , please , please do everything you can to fight the new admnistration .
your decision to boycott appears to be grandstanding -- a political stunt because a republican invited him .
keep working to convince others that this is a moment where we can move forward .
or a president , amy .
and i voted and supported hillary clinton from day 1. i am not one of those extreme left wing purist bernie / green supporters .
you represent virginia not the democratic party or the president .
my husband and i are so grateful you are our representative .
so there &apos;s a law on the books ( 50 u.s. code 3021 ) that may mean bannon can &apos;t sit on the national security council without senate confirmation .
frank , keep up your good work !
most of rural oregon is fairly &quot; conservative &quot; until you get into lane and multnomah counties .
disrespecting women will be accepted .
how could you do that a day after your testimony against jeff sessions .
i grew up in upstate new york but traveled the country working in public higher education for many years .
so what if we strike and we open up more chemical weapons stockpiles , syria and her backers ( like russia with nuclear warheads pointed our way ) decide to attack * us * .
i suppose you love paying almost 1 / 2 your pay for those things while the top dogs make more millions every year as our wages have declined .
tulsi gabbard , mahalo nui for your services too !
/ hawaii 96718
i am so proud you are my congressman , and a wonderful human being .
team hilary all the way !
it &apos;s weird you said &quot; participate in a temporary moratorium on selling assault-style rifles until congress has considered legislation to reduce gun violence &quot; ny had 5 homicides with any kind of rifle in 2011 how many people died from prescription drugs ?
trump is going to hurt us all .
it is a great win -- thanks for all the hard work senator .
this requires high capacity magazines in military style rifles .
i urge the electoral college to reject donald trump on december 19 .
donnie , you do understand that that elizabeth warren is a hillary supporter
schumer ... you fake ass mother fucker !
amy , i wanted you to know how much i loved your tv ads .
please endorse senator bernie sanders for president
i believe trump is dangerous and it scares me what damage he is capable of doing to the u s and the people .
map of northern mn will confirm : forgotten citizens .
senator chuck schumer , please contine to obstruct and delay the awful cabinet selactions and illegal orders of this nightmare administration .
truly enjoyed reading your thoughts , kamala .
you &apos;ve come a long way , frank .
bullshit .... corey booker &apos;s response to all these comments is that he &apos;s letting perfection become the enemy of the good .
will pallone finally support the 2nd amendment ? ?
then why don &apos;t you endorse u.s. senator bernie sanders ?
sorry christopher - here we disagree , do you want the full letter or the link to huffington post ?
thank you congresswoman suzanne bonamici
it seems the ones who do wish to continue the corporations lining the politicians pockets while screwing over the regular folk .
bernie talked truth to power , and aligns well with liz &apos;s progressive ideas , but to endorse a hawk is a betrayal of all that she &apos;s worked against .
- the voice of those who want a 2 state solution in palestine , which trump &amp; bernie talked about and hillary would laugh at .
patty you are so inspiring .
i am petitioning them to reverse their decision via several progressive online activist organizations .
i only trust to politicians , you and bernie !
bridges , docks , highways and water infrastructure would be in shambles &quot; ( iema , 2013 ) .
chuck , i believe the key word here is temporary .
such blind hatred
amy , that is great for a lot of people on fixed incomes although i am a lucky one as i get my medicine from the military .
annaliese espinosa 🌩 ⚡ ️ 🌬 let &apos;s work , girl .
you miss the point of the question , colleen .
all schumer is doing is playing in the game , with fake tears !
keep your amazing work .
i am the mother of a transgendered adult woman , and a son who served two deployments in the us marine corps--and i say that the time has come to demand an end to easy availability of assault weapons .
reinstate the subsidized stafford loans for graduate students .
thank you frank !
i just wish it came from chellie .
will miss jon stewart !
trump is still better than hillary .
if all of these things you say are true about donald trump then hillary should easily beat him right ?
through the absentee military ballot , i already voted no , and i voted for you amy !
elizabeth c thanks
the number of ignorant comments with no data to back statements is overwhelmed by those who actually get it .. go amy !
go get &apos; em senator patty murray , on my list of outstanding american leaders since 1992 !
thank you julia for representing us with grace !
back the brady plan , al , or come up with a variation of : such as the sale of rubber bullets and remove live amo from retail shops .
keep up the great work amy ! ! !
thanks , we love you .
say it elizabeth .
praying for you , bernie and the president ! ! ! ! ! !
sherrod brown you are a disgrace to ohio !
all democrats were good little sheep .
detroit ( 1 ) hasn &apos;t elected a republican mayor since 1961. buffalo ( 2 ) hasn &apos;t elected a republican mayor since 1954. cincinnati ( 3 ) hasn &apos;t elected a republican mayor since 1984. wherever you democrats go , you destroy jobs and prosperity .
we are now aware and give a rip about your words and are watching your votes and who funds you like a hawk .
thank mr snyder for the right to work law so that can still happen
thank you amy - i &apos;m almost there !
happy thanksgiving amy !
as you bravely embark on treatment for breast cancer , i send my heartfelt encouragement and wishes for your complete recovery .
i don &apos;t know where you &apos;r getting your information about women turning away from democrats ... do you know the last presidential election provided the greatest margin of victory for women &apos;s choice ?
so glad &amp; proud to have you representing us , kyrsten !
so many people are working hard to resist on top of their own jobs and family situations .
what about the rights of 20 children and several adults not to be shot to death in school by a mentally ill gunman using guns he got from an incompetent and irresponsible mother who was probably another nra member responsible for mass murders ?
in virtually the very same breath walsh said tonight he &quot; doesn &apos;t demonize anyone &quot; and then immediately proceeded to call you a liar right on stage in front of us all .
yes elizabeth !
if you remember several years back there were a lot of problems with us labs selling drugs that were contaminated .
if you actually look at the map it shows why the electoral vote is so important .
demonstrate on the senate / house floor , obstruct hearings , make republicans be 100 % responsible for the atrocities that this , an is going to bring about .
... keep the dream alive liz !
trump is actually following the constitution unlike you schumer and many others in dc &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; fact
elizabeth warren the last of the mohicans lol joke
and half of you bernie supporters probably won &apos;t vote or are even registered .
they want to take women back to the dark ages .
how about you use your vote for bernie sanders like your state has spoken for .
will more women be treated as second class citizens and sexual objects ?
the kkk were demarcates people need to go back to history class .
rick , stop the anti republican garbage , it is getting old .
don &apos;t worry there isn &apos;t much that escapes amy !
it &apos;s bad for taxpayers , bad for communities , bad for the environment , bad for public health , and especially bad for horses .
joseph - you seem to be terribly confused about something you can &apos;t quite articulate .
act for peace .. vote no to war against syria .. you can never apply humanity and democracy by war !
this isn &apos;t about so called safety concerns .
in new jersey we have corey &quot; the hooker &quot; booker &amp; bob &quot; do we still call him a pedophile &quot; menendez , who voted yes on his nomination .
this woman is the very definition of unfit .
you were fortunate to have known him , senator .
it &apos;s staggering that anyone wants to continue standing by an institution that murders 300,000 babies a year in the name of women &apos;s health .
why aren &apos;t you crying over the women being mutilated , raped and killed by the countries president trump put on the temporary travel ban ?
amazing , 106 words and not a single commitment .
senator booker , this is nice and all but do you have plans to give back the more than $ 250k that you have accepted from big pharma ? ? ?
seems to be a lot of haters here today .
i feel lucky to have you as my senator !
keep talking from the heart ❤ ️ as well as the head sen. booker .
kudos to you , congresswoman pingree .
it &apos;s not a peaceful protest when you have weapons to someone &apos;s head .
you people are sick disgusting hypocrites who seriously need to consider deporting yourselves to the nearest religious nation that supports your beliefs .
how about allowing liquor stores in minnesota to be open on sunday &apos;s ?
when the time came for a vote at the national convention , the minnesota delegation totally ignored the caucus results and delivered all of their votes for clinton .
1st and 14th amendments , roe v. wade , lgbtq , all human rights , environment , clean energy , public lands in public hands ; a moderate rather than ultra conservative ; someone who will stand against trump - bannon &apos;s agenda to take down the government
more people probably feel that way about cory booker .
thank you sen. booker for speaking out on rachel maddow .
thank you for your hard work and dedication , amy !
right now the republicans are planning to overthrow democracy itself in america by gerrymandering and disenfranchising their way to mathematical certainty of &quot; victory &quot; , and controlling the legislatures in the states is the key to that .
you are aewsome amy
trump is every thing she said he is and more .
we need you and the rest of the democrats to fight hard for the poor , seniors , children &apos;s and veterans .
booker 2020 please
you are a joke rick larsen .
ms. gillibrand you seem to have failed to address our grave concerns about the election of donald trump as president .
on top of that , i still haven &apos;t heard a specific repudiation of the language his doj used in smelt v. united states where doma was defended by comparing marriage equality to incest and kiddie-diddling .
very scary thought .
we are thanking you for your hard work and intelligent ideas .
you go jon !
please keep representing women and their rights with the utmost integrity that you do ! ! ! ! !
get women &apos;s health out of politics .
fire jim cooper
the justifications are that a ) trump is unqualified and / or does not have the temperament to be president ; and b ) hillary won the popular vote .
senator cory booker i am from paterson , nj .
when you don &apos;t give serious answers to these serious issues , it just makes it clear that you accept bribes from the pharmaceutical industry to make your decisions .
why won &apos;t all the judges in snohomish county , wa speak up for the prosecution of awol bush et al .
never is right.never would i have believed this is what the democratic party would become .
elizabeth , &quot; i think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship . &quot;
stop the claptrap about reproductive rights and protecting a woman &apos;s right to choose !
thanks sen. merkley for keeping oregon &amp; demoratic causes in the news / forefront .
just goes to show that you can &apos;t kill the spirit - it &apos;s just like a woman - big and strong , we live on and on .
cory booker has a grand opportunity to stand up and become a supreme spokesman for the democratic party but the illuminati powers that be may silence him .... the real truth needs to be told .
in 2017 we should not even be discussing equal rights for all !
recall murray 2017 !
i am so glad i live in oregon .
lol 😂
co-sponsor h. res 30 and help end the horrific slaughter of dogs and cats throughout china !
trump ............................... 30 % ( republican supporters ) clinton .............................. 28 % ( dems supporters ) stein .................................... 0 % ( plus or minus 2 ) by tickets -- sanders / warren ............... 70 % ( 42 % + 28 % dem goes warren ) * stein / warren .................... 42 % ( sanders &apos; total goes to warren ) * * trump / kasich ................... 30 % ( unified republicans ) clinton / biden .................... 28 % ( split democrats ) * landslide victory over republicans * * overwhelming green party victory over hillary &apos;s split democrat and trump &apos;s unified republicans !
any burden caused the huge amount of gun violence is on the family and friends of victims .
thank you for your principled leadership , senator shaheen .
for new york locations and times of food and water distribution centers and daytime warming centers , visit www.nyc.gov.
i &apos;m very worried about our environment , endangered species , climate change , a and toxic planet .
he &apos;s been fighting for middle class families .
my t-shirt reads &quot; i &apos;m with cory &quot;
do we really want an narcissist racist , demagogue , bully , representing our country with the rest of the world ?
america &apos;s &quot; up and coming &quot; newest liberal hypocrite , senator elizabeth warren .
you are working for all of us , elizabeth !
al , thank you for your ongoing support !
happy t-day al !
i am also jewish and have found at times it is something i don &apos;t want to bring up around certain groups even though i am so proud of my jewish heritage .
you represent all of new york not just the liberal environmentalists !
it &apos;s great to see the tremendous turnouts and support that bernie sanders has driven by inspiring the base .
like you said about hillary before , everything changes and the pressure gets deeper when your a senator .
did schumer cry for the san bernardino victims ?
please do away with the electoral college ! ! !
hey amy , do you have any idea what just happened with the contract between dhs and ucare ?
had my fingers crossed for vp , but know she will continue to do great work in the senate .
thank you for your excellent work , ma &apos;am .
i keep seeing lists of his mistakes , how bout hillary ?
have a wonderful holiday my senator , and go get them ! ! ! ! !
don &apos;t you think that this , a most critical issue , is something patty will champion ?
senator franken , please run for president in 2020 .
why are there trolls on sen. browns page ?
we need a bernie - warren ticket to win this .
i &apos;m just glad that vermont has leahy , sanders and welch representing us in washington .
amy , tell that to blm both in mn and tx .
as excited as i was that mn passed equal rights marriage in mn i was shocked that senator klobuchar and franken voted against minnesotans rights to know what &apos;s in their food .
thank you corey booker for standing up for what is right .
http : / / 21stcenturywire.com / 2014 / 11 / 21 / team-america-isis-is-mccains-army / sen booker did you even read the leaked state dept emails detailing clinton &apos;s unholy alliance with israel ? ?
😫 😩 🙁 😕 😣 ☹ ️ 😖 😞 😔 😟 😖 😤 😠 😱 oh rick !
as a former trustee i learned that : communitiy colleges are flexable and can taylor programs to train for jobs , they have a greater % of students who graduate with good grades from universities and get jobs and then pay taxes ! !
please know we are with you , betty .
elizabeth , you were outstanding in the debate last night .
we need some fucking progressive action .
for the love of irish bread pudding elizabeth - please run for president .
corey booker , if canadians aren &apos;t dying from these meds , but americans are dying from lack of them , i have to call bs , bernie , elizabeth , al f. are you not wrong .
all marriage is human and now it &apos;s an equal contract for all !
mr. wyden , we have a &quot; gangrene &quot; in our government that has been killing us for decades .
happy thanksgiving sherrod , and thank you for all you do !
it is very important to those trying to adopt children .
* * * * * sen. lautenberg was the top recipient of mr. madoff &apos;s political contributions , receiving almost $ 10,000 in total .
i am beyond any small amount of understanding as to why any educated and productive , compassionate human being could support this misogynist .
i &apos;d gladly endorse you , elizabeth , but never hillary ....
she should be the first female president .
bannon &apos;s views are completely unacceptable in our multicultural society .
please take a leadership position on gun safety .
it makes me sad to see &quot; leaders &quot; like you voting against gmo labeling .
please work to help create a better climate for small businesses and jobs .
congratulations senator murray , thank you so much for having our backs and now we need to get common sense in their an priroitize our problems such as job creation , education , health and social security programs and then our law and order and defense our country .
but if you look at wisconsin , michigan , and pennsylvania , the lack of black turnout was the difference between president trump and president clinton .
: ) ( yeah , i know i have a brewers hat on , they were an american league team when i moved here , and i like the game of baseball more than i do any one team .
i &apos;m not surprised by trump &apos;s choices so far .
full equality yes .
now , in exchange for paying off a bit of that debt by returning some of the tax rates to their previous levels , democrats have offered , in a series of high-profile negotiations , to slash trillions in spending , much of it hitting the elderly , the poor and the middle class .
kristen , thank you !
can &apos;t wait to see the complete dissolve of the democratic party in 2018 ! !
i am guessing not one of you pro-pp morons have ever been on their website , birth control and abortions are not womens health issues .
you go , patty !
as senator murray knows ( like every member of congress ) , rep chakka of pennsylvania could not get anyone else to help him sponsor his hobby horse ( to replace the income tax with a 1 % transaction fee ) so he introduced it in march with himself as sole sponsor .
fix the bill so it supports all victims of domestic violence and it will pass .
you should co-sponsor rick nolan &apos;s we the people amendment .
congratulations and we will see 2016 amy for pres ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
don &apos;t forget , it was the democrats who first started the negative campaigning against dino while he was a private citizen before he had even filed .
great interview , wished i lived in ma so i could vote for you .
truly a good day for humanity in nj !
so will some of my international survivor friends .
i thought the &apos; nasty woman &apos; tirade in nh would have brought it home for her .
i wish elizabeth were running .
he is by far better than bernie or hillary who could not even protect 1 embassy or keep her own house in order
amy i agree with john .
i &apos;m so proud of your work .
and mr. yarmuth why is it that 44,000 households in louisville depend on food stamps ? ? ? ? ? ?
you are our super hero .. we all love you
right on , jackie speier !
love you elizabeth , keep fighting .
i wish there were alot more of them just like you jackie .
real leaders stands in the face adversities and encourage the few that feel at lost - mr corey booker thank you for your leadership and courage .
bernie will beat trump .
common sense gun laws will help prevent senseless mass killings .
yes , how can we help ?
it was a very dark day during a dark time .
heres what else is real you havent supported bernie sanders helping make sure trump has less of a chance .
the good thing about the electoral college is that it ensures that politicians are ultimately beholden to the people of their constituency .
garamendi says his office has been receiving many complaints from school districts saying that trump &apos;s behavior has fortified students &apos; belief that bullying is okay .
rick , can you hire back those drunk staffers that posted crazy rants on twitter ?
i am so glad you won sherrod brown , but i hope you realize that making sure that ohio &apos;s middle and working class people have healthy drinking water and environment is more important than gas company profits .
booker 2020. i need you to do this .
i should address the nearly 400k booker has received from pharmaceutical companies.politicians raise money for campaigns etc .
this protest is childish at best .
hillary is not much better than donald .
keep taking the high road and the only statement walsh will be making is &quot; do you want fries with that ? &quot;
this program , which led to arizona &apos;s anti-teacher legislation and is degrading public education all across the country , particularly in poor neighborhoods , has been condemned by the national council of churches and our major civil rights groups .
you &apos;re not in nj now no one gives a damn on what you did ... it &apos;s what you are doing now ! !
make progress ?
the farmworkers population is a very important part of the usa ag industry , include them in ur speech n their employment n training needs ...
what are you if you cannot simply do that , when so many voices cry out to you ?
the safe act effectively shuts the door on war torn women and children .
she ran for state attorney general of california in the last national united states &apos; midterm electionso n november 2 , 2010. on reflection , i think that she she would be very interested in this case , just as you have presented it to me .
i love you , tu .
where the fuck were your tears when the san bernardino and pulse nightclub terrorist massacres happened , asshole ? ? ? ! ! !
besides , polls across the country have shown that bernie is the only candidate who can beat trump .
i support the president &apos;s measures , and hope that congressman butterfield will support a ban on assault weapons , and the large capacity magazines .
al , i would challenge you to find a private project that comes in under budget and on time .
an ex-abused wife ... was investigated twice ( for what , may i ask ) and interviewed three times .
i would just like to hear some examples proving senator warren &apos;s reckless claims .
bernie sanders is the only one that stands up for us and understands what is wrong and how to fix it .
as a former rhode islander , and as a former legislative employee , i always considered you to be an honest broker for the people of the state .
thank you beto for your vote
i know you want a woman as president but couldn &apos;t you have waited for warren who is not a corporate shill .
i am glad you won , rick larsen .
bob burr michael lapointe herb no coalports goodwin
please reconsider joining with the voice of my democratic party , bernie sanders .
your respect for the office can be shown more by boycotting the inauguration , not by attending .
for him to move this disaster forward is his choice and choices have electoral consequences .
al , if your stats are correct , then why don &apos;t you go out and buy a gun , play with it ( quick draw , use your trigger finger and spin it around while its cocked and loaded ) and maybe you can substantiate your stats .
thank you , madame senator !
my congresswoman !
myth : the dream act allows undocumented students to pay cheaper tuition than citizens .
kirsten gillibrand for president 2016 !
wrong very wrong , thx you sen murray for continuing to fight
you are being controlled by big pharma - especially considering the money you are accepting from them .
please do all you can to bring about meaningful legislation to ban assault weapons and make it more difficult to own all weapons esp handguns .
thank you , for being my senator .
please , everyone , write to your senator ( obviously , you don &apos;t have to write to senator warren about it !
please do your minnesota constituents a favor and avoid having anything to do with ultra-loon jason lewis .
i voted jill stein .
when women have the same opportunities as men , everybody wins .
merry christmas , kamala !
the democratic party has been co-opted by the same corporate interests that you are fighting against .
thank you for all you do for workers of the country .
i am shocked at your behavior ms warren
their hacking of the dnc might just have been a test run in how to get into databases to change votes .
thank you , dutch for taking a strong stance on this .
the nerve of you and other democrats to make this appear as if it is &apos; someone else &apos;s fault &apos; .
we must hold hillary &apos;s feet to the flames this week and throughout her presidency until she makes good on her commitment to the new platform .
blessings to congresswoman giffords , the others who were shot , and all who love them .
you &apos;re up next in 2020. if you had run this time , i feel sure there would &apos;ve been a different outcome .
if elizabeth warren truly wants to make a statement , then it is time to get in the ring and endorse bernie sanders over hillary clinton .
thank you senator booker , the american people couldn &apos;t agree more !
japan needs real help or there isnt gonna be anyone on earth to fight over greedy assed bullshit .
remember when al gore refused to accept the election results ?
al gore ? ? ?
i don &apos;t think senator booker reads the comments on facebook .
jill murphy black
oh and i guess it &apos;s fault all those anti trump protestors are such ass holes as well .
steve bannon is unfit period .
hey , frank - maybe you could convince people in ny not to build a mosque so close to tower one of the wtc .
hillary is an evil woman who has done terrible things , anyone is better then killiary , if she really cared about woman she would be doing her best to banned abortions , abortions causes lots of cancer , and is up to 10x more dangerous then giving birth .
if proven that there was russian involvement without trump knowledge , we must insist on a new election .
thanks for your leadership , earl !
thank you , representative pocan !
kyrsten called my house on thursday to invite me , i cancelled all my plans .
steve bannon needs to be dealt with too .
thank you for standing and speaking up against this outrageous appointment by trump .
it brakes my heart to see so many black americans try to connect the blacklivesmatters movement to the civil rights movement .
thank you senator mccaskill for standing up for the intelligence community .
bernie has been consistent for &gt; 30 years .
thank you senator brown for always standing up for our rights .
great putdown senator warren .
happy holidays to you ~
well that is one of our goals , to get these students college ready .
sen wyden , what is the anti-semitic website bannon ran ?
run as eliz warren vp in 2020
al , we love you .
sincerely , mary kay barton --- on mon , 3 / 18 / 13 , senator kirsten gillibrand &lt; senator @ gillibrand.senate.gov &gt; wrote : from : senator kirsten gillibrand &lt; senator @ gillibrand.senate.gov &gt; subject : reply from senator gillibrand to : mkbarton711 @ yahoo.com date : monday , march 18 , 2013 , 12 : 40 pm march 18 , 2013 dear friend , thank you for contacting me regarding the wind production tax credit ( ptc ) .
nancy is an amazing representative and is doing a great job in her leadership role .
i &apos;ve supported you through my nj relatives , all of them fans .
amy , i know that the democrats do not have much power right now , but i hope you and your fellow democrats can convince the republicans to keep the affordable care act and just update / change the provisions that do not seem to be working .
you &apos;re clueless debbie .
we miss him , but i think he sent us you to carry on , elizabeth !
thanks amy for supporting this cause .
all 5 were by democratic presidents .
a lot of ignorance below , but thank you mr. schumer for fighting this fight .
very proud to call you my congressman and neighbor .
you , tim kaine and hillary clinton are spinning this idea of violence and you are putting the idea in the public &apos;s heads , which is inciting violence , not trump .
kkk endorsed hitlery
it &apos;s great that you know what side you &apos;re on elizabeth warren !
however we are dealing with trump who is as unqualified , unfit and divisive now as he was on the campaign trail .
hey mark pocan non essential employees .
a simple fact most suicides are not committed with guns , and most domestic violence is not the result of guns .
elizabeth warren , you are one very fine and dedicated senator and i am so moved by you and of late your speech at mit .
mrs warren what are your feelings towards hillary clinton ?
elizabeth .
let &apos;s put chuck &apos;s college tuition tax credit right up there with al gore &apos;s internet invention .
if however , it was based on popular vote , trump would have spent much more time here to sway some of the vote towards him .
if you really mean to stop trump , you &apos;ll accept hillary &apos;s vp offer !
amy , a lot of kids needs a family in america , too .
! don &apos;t be a do nothing whiner like bernie : (
hi eliot - it was great to see you questioning bp .
we the people have received zero answers - that &apos;s the facts claire !
if democrats has gotten out and actually voted , trump would have been history .
i was very disappointed to learn about your position on this cory booker !
vikings suck !
yes frank you actually doing something other than a photo-op
chris van hollen luckily , we have you to fight for all of us !
plz run in 2020 !
dear congresswomen patty murray , good day .
wow elizabeth had lots to say about trumps uglyness did she speak of her own really who doesn &apos;t have a pass and did u look at the good he has done really if u was an american really look upon yourselves do your own reseach
a billionaire class bitch .
i laugh when you say &quot; now things can get back to normal and create good middle class jobs .
mahalo for your honesty !
about time you endorsed him , elizabeth .
we chose bernie sanders by an overwhelming margin over ms. clinton .
kamala harris for 2020 !
gerry connolly is a two faced liar .
all the trees used to make those signs i hope frank used recycled paper .
nancy is great .
i already support brain schatz for leutenant governor .
though such weaponization is difficult to achieve according to dr. joe alton , it remains a distinct possibility .
thank you for representing us with dignity and honor , congressman yarmuth .
the public can easily check out how much you receive from the pharmaceutical companies by going to maplight.org.
jeanne shaheen you are so full of yourself it isn &apos;t even funny .
if we could turn hillary and elizabeth into men they might get some where ! !
when so much is being done that makes me embarrassed to be american , you make me all the more proud to be from nh .
i , especially look forward to seeing your successes for the nation .
tammy - i hope all the veterans will vote for you .
and the same to you and yours , al .
there were 509 amendments considered ( though sherrod only truly considered the ones offered by democrats . )
you are a good man senator franken !
may he rest in peace , and may you all find peace in the wonderful memories you will have for the rest of your lives .
the legislation , given full support by mccain and proposed by new hampshire senator jeanne shaheen ( d ) will up the amount of afghan special immigrant visas for those who have helped the u.s. soldiers as translators and interpreters .
almost $ 300,000 from pharma and almost $ 2 mill from wallstreet ! ! ! !
patty , hope you &apos;re the next &quot; tom foley &quot; !
yeah because these women are role models ! ! !
he needs to be the next 2020 democrats candidate
the only single chance that u.s. senator bernie sanders has left to win the nomination is an announcement that he will select elizabeth warren as vice-president and that she will accept that position if called upon .
and thanks for the recipes ..... good minnesota food !
bernie sanders deserve no leadership position !
as a jew , chuck schumer has to know that gun control in germany is how the nazis disarmed the jews and made the holocaust possible .
i have faith in al .
look at maryland and pennsylvania .
skiing in the winter and sailing on lake michigan in the summer .
please , amy , let &apos;s make this the last time we ever have a tragedy like this .
you are a disappointment , cory .
most people recieving college degrees i wouldn &apos;t hand them a sheepskin , personally .
the electors were established to prevent this kind of thing .
how about a direct answer to my direct question , colleen .
donald &apos;s ignorant and disgusting comments on rep. john lewis continue to show me he is unfit for the office and truly disgusting as a human .
bill clinton of violating the women physically and that hillary came to his rescue and hired detectives , to gather information on the women .
history will look with scorn at the audacity of wealthier americans who show zero compassion for dire situations their fellow americans find themselves in when a child , family member , loved one become ill .
great dnc everyday was specials and it ended on the highest note ! !
congresswoman gabbard , thank you for expressing this inspiring statement .
merry christmas debbie to your and yours .
you also , senator brown .
i think armed guards at every school in the nation with metal detectors and drug dogs would be a great idea .... job &quot; security ! ! ! ! ! &quot;
people suffering from depression need one thing : help .
ask to any public works minister of any country what the oil over-speculation in wall st is doing to their transportation and development infrastructure .
thank you for your amazing work for the state of minnesota and our nation .
keith - just because you can &apos;t understand it doesn &apos;t mean it wasn &apos;t there , it just means you can &apos;t keep up .
the proposed $ 6 billion in cuts by democrats is a joke .
brian - protecting them from right-wing bigots who feel justified in discriminating against people based on race , religion , gender , or orientation .
spent the day at st. john &apos;s cathedral in denver for the multifaith discussion groups and service .
i &apos;m so disappointed in you kirsten and i have been an avid supporter .
you are already cooperating with trump by voting for his nominees .
good going , amy ! !
i &apos;m an immigrant from australia , married to an amazing american woman and living in boston and part of starting up a new non-profit company here .
debbie , you are a great lady .
ever notice that all the democrat woman are butt ugly like warren and hilary .. make democrat woman wear mask they scare there own kids ..
&quot; there is no virtue in silence &quot;
chris van hollen why don &apos;t you go to baltimore with the police and help restore order .
it &apos;s nice to see someone from mn finally say something about this ...
when i first made application ( as a disabled vet ) , i waited about a year for my first appointment .
thank you senator - we appreciate all that you do and how hard you &apos;re working for us .
any chance hilary takes her as vp ?
equal rights for all , including the unborn .
i hope you and the rest of the democratic senators stand up to this vocally .
representative ellison , sincerely appreciate your christmas greeting !
it &apos;s a sad day for oregon - and time to move on !
some men are very threatened by strong , independent , intelligent women such as hillary and elizabeth warren .
my experience being raised in michigan was so positive .
shouldn &apos;t you be voting with senator bernie sanders ?
i love you so much , senator warren !
yet you won &apos;t come out and endorse bernie sanders !
go to work for john lewis if you &apos;re going to choose to represent him over all of your constituents .
this time all he said was that snyder is taking responsiblity and the dem &apos;s are politicizing it .
aloha tulsi happy birthday 🎂 🎉 🌹 🇺 🇸
i ❤ ️ my president !
i am exceptionally proud to call you my representative .
lately on the paso del norte bridge it has been 1.5 hours and up to 2 hours !
hoping this is not a paper tiger , i appreciate your sponsorship ... the wall st reform bill was well intentioned , bit had no teeth ... insider trading should be prosecuted !
senator , please we need to bring back mental health facilities and access to good mental health .
i hear many westerners propose promoting sufism , ahmadiyya sect or other allegedly less violent versions of islam to counter the more extremist streaks of islam like salafism and wahhabism .
michael taylor , a former monsanto lobbyist turned usda administrator is now in charge of this government bureau .
thank you , senator kaine , from emily &apos;s mom .
spoiled rick brats .
we need you to speak out against the budget cuts to global and domestic aids programs-- you know best-- these cuts actually kill people .
a lot of this is your fault for not endorsing bernie .
tammy , you are so right .
trump is acting like he is a dictator !
i want another female candidate in 2020. there must be another charismatic woman somewhere in america .
the democratic side seems pretty grim to me .
what happened to our women voters in this election ?
you are not a lamb led to the morning joe pundit slaughter .
vondell garner
amy , i deeply respect you and would love to call you madam president someday .
hey frank , we need term limits .
between the bernie delegates being pushed around and treated horribly , too the dnc not even acknowledging the wiki for what it was .
william , i know people who like trump and they &apos;re not illiterate and can spell
i thank you for your efforts on behalf of these and other victems of institutional abuse .
do you think senator klobuchar wants to repeal the affordable care act ?
i do live in illinois and you brave lady most certainly will have my vote .
hilary is a woman ?
i don &apos;t trust him nor his so-called &quot; senior advisor &quot; steve bannon who has now been placed on the national security counsel .
cory booker responded which is more than my senator did .
it is run by wealthy corporations and indivuals who buy elections and fill the airwaves with misleading soundbites and misinformation .
you are a better person than i am ... hold that bigot , racists misogynistic beast accountable .
this is just the tip of the iceberg of drug costs , which is related to the way healthcare products and services are paid in mn and in the country .
how about extending unemployment ?
i &apos;m grateful at the very least that is what trump has proven .
we are overdue for sensible gun laws .
i am happy for those who can finally exercise this right.the scale of justice has finally been tipped to equality and the freedom to marry who they love .
put the fear of god into us bout trump , and champion clinton about being more electable , right ?
in my opiion , hillary is worse than trump could ever be .
i &apos;ll vote for hillary clinton even if i have to write-in her name ! !
thank you senator claire .
the blind leading the blind .... time for bernie to take the fore
thank you for all you do rep. blumenauer .
onorevole nancy pelosi , tanti cari auguri anche a lei .
now you have joined the ranks of the big pharma sell-outs .
baraboo , wi .
elizabeth warren , i know you stand for the same ideals as bernie sanders .
an overriding characteristic of the democratic party is the value of humanity .
while high visibility police brutality can &apos;t be tolerated let &apos;s not fail to focus on enduring and epidemic black on black violence .
you are intolerant , hateful , and bigoted and i am ashamed you are a senator of the usa !
more bs … all the democrats who opposed the sanders amendment are longtime friends of big pharma .
franken , you &apos;re a fruit cake ...... this is a terrible loss for this country .
read sherrod brown &apos;s ex-wifes abuse claims here .
you &apos;re going to run with bernie , right ?
that middle paragraph .... that &apos;s bernie !
dump dollar bills like canada did , and pennies while you &apos;re at it .
i am so happy for us that you got this appointment amy !
i thought you were a true progressive who fought the establishment , not put it on a pedestal .
it is time to ban assault weapons .
i used to like her , until her and al franken voted to join the un to outlaw all guns everywhere .
franken 2016
not really , i want michigan out asap and state can take it all !
the largest surrender of the u.s. military was in 2008. you have a criticle constitutional problem in congress , congresswoman jackie speier .
what don &apos;t people get .. leave woman &apos;s rights alone .
the democratic machine is doing everything to discredit bernie sanders in favor of mrs. clinton , talk about playing the woman card ! ! !
it does have an interest in creating equality under the law and ensuring the public welfare .
their efforts to reach across the aisle keep being met by hands wielding machetes &quot; ~ ny times
i am asking for you to vote no to the 21st century cures act .
many democrats worked very hard and to see our members hurt to cry and in such disappointment infuriates me to want to do even more to determine leadership and strategies now .
thank you for doing what you do , elizabeth .
please cast your vote against this request , and encourage senators leahy and sanders to do the same .
the veterans drug court in pierce county wa needs to be re-instated .
so if the aca is repealed without comparable replacement , citizens will die in the streets due to black lung dz . , cancer , poorly treated diabetes , heart dz and a host of other diseases and syndromes .
------------------------ geoff chatas , former chief financial officer at the ohio state university is also a former vice president for chase bank .
i suspect that solyndra was squashed somehow by fossil fuel corporations .
i agree , senator warren .
robby gross it &apos;s friday , thought you may appreciate a funny joke
mahalo , sen. schatz
you voted against an amendment , proposed by bernie sanders and amy klobuchar , to reduce drug prices in the usa !
i had to experience close to my neighborhood in seattle a shooting rampage this year .
best to you senator working in a trump administration .
senator schumer ... why isn &apos;t congress stranding up and saying stop ?
amy , you are the most connected person in politics that i know .
you tell elizabeth !
ptsd , pain both can be treated with grow your own cannabis , lets get a senate bill like hr 2306 so states can stop arresting vets for cannabis use .
warren cares more for mexican nationals and muslim refugees than actual american citizens .
trump has brought our nation &apos;s bigotry , greed and hatred further out into the light .
i &apos;m a bit shattered you cratered to big pharma on voting down sen sanders bill to get us cheaper drugs .
anna run for president !
gonna miss us jon !
you stinking supporters of stupid liberal scum al are the reason this country is going down the shitter .
well well well , sen. robert byrd and the kkk , and the tea party is what .
i ❤ my senator ! !
gillibrand and booker 2016 ! !
people having kids while on drugs fill the community with birth defects and educational problems .
wow , thank you so much !
thank you kirsten gillibrand for what you do .
vote peace vote democratic and the politicians will follow .
i have faith in ms. warren .
so you &apos;re saying respect the transition as long as the winning candidate is the one that you wanted .
over his career , he struck out 1,330 times , according to the seattle times , but rose above his failures to hit 714 home runs .
elizabeth warren for president 2020 has a nice ring !
good luck , senator tammy duckworth !
and while i &apos;m at it , quit acting like any of you &quot; lost my vote &quot; punks were voting for claire mccaskill in the first place .
if anyone is to blame for trump being in office , it &apos;s you hrc supporters .
guess we can count u as another one up hillary &apos;s ass !
virginia will be very lucky to have you all ! ! !
i &apos;m proud to have worked ( in small and big ways ) to get obama , fulop and booker in office .
what does the inside of your ass look like ?
your so full of bs sherrod !
blessed rosh hashanah al !
have to give you credit nancy pelosi , you &apos;re able to fool a lot of people .
thank you favorite person
thank you john yarmuth for your stance for decency !
good to see debbie rooting for the home team and we allready know how hard she &apos;s been fighting for all of us so i second the duh response .
if hilary runs for president in 2016 please , please , elizabeth consider being her running mate .
address wages and the cost of a college education .
do people who intend to commit suicide in their acts of violence follow laws ?
thank you , senator klobuchar , you &apos;re on our behalf in minnesota and the country is greatly appreciated .
i wonder if most americans know that big pharma donates more to republicans than democrats ?
if rossi had his way he &apos;d have women &quot; barefoot and pregnant in the kitchen where they belong . &quot;
you and the rest of bought politicians can kiss my ass .
good luck in the future and i hope you can stop taking donations from big corporations .
ah salaam alekium bro and thanks for the christmas wishes
thank you senator schumer for taking a principled stand to oppose the confirmation of trump &apos;s cabinet appointees !
also , as long as monsanto is for the bill , everyone should oppose it .
i have been a durbin fan / supporter since the beginning .
paul ryan said that it &apos;s too extreme for romney-ryan too ... walsh is not even in tune with his presidential nominee .
warren for vp ....
will you help me by contacting your constituents and asking for stronger domestic violence laws so the victims can receive real justice ?
trump is not racist , he &apos;s talking about taking our country back !
hey frank , would you mind calling acting gov .
patty you are kinda dumb
delegates do not vote until the democratic national convention , which takes place on july 25th .
peaceful transfer of power is important , but so is protesting .
senator schumer , we are counting on you to stand up to the bigotry and hypocrisy of this administration &apos;s actions , as well as to the unqualified nominees for key positions .
mrs. warren if you won &apos;t run for president at least get bernie sanders back as vp .
thanks al , keep up the good work !
there was an indication that bannon will need to be confirmed by the senate for the nsc .
kamala harris an sure that u will take the right decision which will protect innocent people being killed
i am also attending the women &apos;s march in dc 🇺 🇸 ❤
think frank .
i see maxwell has the old version of facebook and is another snob smart ass american who ... sadly doesn &apos;t know who i am .
your certifiable schumer and you &apos;ll be in the minority next year .
.... thank you , senator klobuchar .... please , pahleeeze ... the gov &apos;mnt must not ( repeating myself - the gov
and with all of this time off women would still make the same salary as men ?
seen bill owens at the massena solidarity parade was hoping to see you here supporting our unions .
thank you senator murray for standing with planned parenthood &amp; women everywhere
elizabeth warren is truly a voice of and for the people .
stay strong elizabeth warren ; i value your position .
just another dumbassocrat talking out her ass
you &apos;re on tv trying to work up some fake tears .
thank you for representing me , my family , and our community !
2-3 scotus positions are going to be filled .. i &apos;m sorry .. but the dnc brought onto themselves ...
- senator bernie sanders in response to the tired , old excuse made by you and others who voted to prevent americans from reducing their cost of medicines .
woohoo senator sheldon whitehouse !
obama and schumer think we are morons .
i hope the republicans give you and the democrats hell .
mrs warren i do like your idea to lower college student loans , you and bernie sanders have been talking about this issues for years but you have not changed any real change in this system .
boy oh boy , would i love herr trump to debate elizabeth warren .
read breaking news : a militia has taken over a federal building in oregon 3 .
thank you senator stabenow for you ongoing support of the lgbtq community here in michigan and in the usofa .
kamala harris is so smart !
why not .. sisters &amp; brother marry each other down south why not let women marry women &amp; me marry men up north .... lol
now that the tpp has been made public i have read it .
billionaire tycoon and maverick donald trump doesn &apos;t need anyone &apos;s help .
and thank you , also , senator wyden for all you do !
while watching rachel maddow tonight i see how excited she was about people nationwide organizing to fight trumps agenda .
it &apos;s too bad you all don &apos;t show the same outrage as trump continues to offend half the population .
not you tho booker .
very few real jobs ; all benefits to big oil corporations , canada and china ; continued polluting of our atmosphere for decades to come ; more global warming disasters for our children and grandchildren .
you and the other 12 democrats should be ashamed of this vote .
warren 4 president ?
thank you betty
hillary is not a girl and america is not the greatest democracy on the planet .
unfortunately , i begin to believe mr. defazio has been in d.c. for too long now .
happy birthday to matt , and many , many more happy ones .
this brief engagement is a crisp distillation of the challenge mr. larsen faces , namely to find some middle ground between people who don &apos;t give a hoot about jobs , and those who don &apos;t care about our environment .
i hope 2015 is a great year for the hassan family !
please fight kamala on every level ! !
so would hillary and bernie !
this is violence and hatred against the most vulnerable in society - to benefit the wealthiest with continued tax cuts and subsidies .
journalism is dead in america and the democratic party is in dire need of resuscitation or hysterectomy to redirect their party .
thank you , louise , for fighting for all of us .
america is the land of opportunity for all people and should allow everyone a feeling of safety and respect as you said .
you know who loved gun ban laws ?
you should have endorsed sanders and fought against hillary &apos;s expanding war and environmental destruction policies , if you had wanted to avoid this .
many many happy returns of the day congresswoman tulsi gabbard may god bless you happy birthday
she lies about trump just like her heritage
constituent comment : thank you for your service chris .
well , if bernie sanders was the nominee america would be fine today ... &quot; good job &quot; democratic party !
we &apos;re going to be relying on you heavily in days ( and years ) ahead .
bravo lauren &amp; cory sharing
do like and admire cory booker .
david toro - mayor pro tempore city of colton .
i use a so called smart phone that fucks up all the time must be made by democrats .... and at this point i wouldn &apos;t pick either party ... but when your good little democratic party fucks you over i will be the one laughing ....
to find a good mexican restaurant in the pacific northwest : )
our young people in shaw need to have access to jobs in their community because a lack of finance &amp; transportation as well as the competitiveness greatly reduce their employment opportunities outside of their community .
counting on you jeanne to fight against trump &apos;s fascist agenda !
if ignorance is bliss al and all the liberals must be extremely happy in their purple sky world .
hey liz , i absolutely love all the photos and kind words killary had for kkk senator robert byrd her very close friend .
thank you so much for standing up and fighting for us .
staunch democrat , dog lover , and think you &apos;re great .
hey phony , how many tears were on your cheeks at the press conference for the slaughtered in san bernardino ?
why are all these losers attacking trump ?
senator booker .. without on line pharmacies in canada my husband could.n to afford the pricey drug that keeps his chronic pituitary tumor from growing .
also is hillary
if you do not get this i will say it plainly women &apos;s pay will not be raised to meet men &apos;s pay ! !
either u or bernie on the hillary ticket ........ i will vote ... else my vote is for third party ...... enough of blackmailing by both establishments ........
and this oregon voter stands firmly behind you .
oregonians rode today to urge rep. blumenauer to protect the climate by not voting to fast track global warming .
thank you , representative cooper !
yes , the police had to crack down because people got violent and started looting buildings in downtown .
why do you hate senator brown so much ?
we save more lives by preventing gun violence than we do arming ourselves .
that is why they nominate people based on their skin color or gender rather than qualifications : they want diversity , not excellence and that is why schumer , that bag gillbrand , and the rest of the democrats are screwing this nation !
liberals have twist ed d his message .
you only expose yourselves for the hateful , negative people you are .
a fantastic day patty .
i remember the last operator strike which lasted 68 days , the three unions on property atu ( amalgamated transportation union ) , tcu ( transportation communication union local 1315 ) and the united transportation union ( utu ) went on strike because of our loyalty to our brother &apos;s and sister &apos;s .
good appearance on morning joe ; now , let &apos;s get in-person visits to the forgotten boroughs of nyc - with the people &amp; not just with politicians or fundraisers ......
so when are you going to stand up for the middle class like sanders and warren
@ kelly , earl is my representative in congress .
does elizabeth warren have anything better to do than go on social media diatribes ?
happy holidays to you !
i totally understand your vote - big pharma gave you $ 267,338
here &apos;s what else is real elizabeth warren .
way to go kirsten , you make us proud .
senator elect tammy duckworth , a shout to you as a veteran today .
sorry to hear you voted against allowing americans to purchase pharmaceuticals from canada at lower prices than here in the u.s. i know this wouldn &apos;t solve the problem but it would ensure that more people are able to afford their medication .
no bernie .
right on sen. elizabeth warren !
like many , i hope you will consider running in 2020 , i &apos;d be proud to vote for you .
trump haters are more racist and violent then his supporters
trump needs to be treated as he treats others and i think he should be arrested for his comments .
you &apos;re just a two-bit thug , kent , demanding that the majority of democrats in the senate and the democrat living in the white house bend to the whims of the tea party caucus in the house .
frank and his cronies who pressured the fda to approve an inappropriate medical device after receiving campaign contributions will make mlb an &quot; offer they can &apos;t refuse &quot; .
oh yeah and rick has all 2 votes in my household .
again , congratulations ma &apos;am .
additionally , police arrested over 150 civilians , many of whom were beaten while in custody without clear charges .
oregon is having problems with their computer system .
trump may not be ideal but he is a helluva lot better than hilary
labor that was kidnapped and brought in chains to work as slaves to be exploited by the rich gentry of the south , men who at the time described themselves as members of the democratic party , who were &quot; conservative . &quot;
elizabeth warren job is just as important as the president .
senator nolan , i am in california , but dropped in to say thank you for supporting bernie sanders !
thank-you senator wyden !
wyden !
elizabeth warren talking about honesty is this a satire page .
mr schumer we the people put trump in office to do exalty what he is doing .we dont want islam in america .
amy , what about the children who still get leukemia from sleeping against bedroom walls opposite electric meters ?
bush tried to stop congress 17 times but fatwass frank pushed i through and now along with the community simpleton in office , we are all suffering .
stop catering to corporate interest
elizabeth warren , work to get rid of the electoral college .
majority of chase customers are struggling to make mortgage payments .
or the restaurant and hotel corporations .
it &apos;s not about women &apos;s rights ! !
i respect you jackie and i thank you .
i &apos;m actually curious how much time she &apos;s spent with the kkk to get this information ?
warren and obama 2012 , let &apos;s get it ! &lt; 3
but you already knew that didn &apos;t you , nancy .
it &apos;s now incumbent on you to create and champion an alternative acceptable proposal .
this is the inauguration of the president of our country .
i would rather you be fighting for our state of new hampshire and not just following the democratic party with every vote .
http : / / www.opednews.com / articles / 9-11-whistleblower-susan-l-by-kent-welton-110910-392.html for the rest of the story see : seven fake terror alerts used by awol bush to win re-election - the fear factor and his poll numbers http : / / groups.yahoo.com / group / newsviewsnolose / messages
the new democratic leader - senator chuck schumer .
mr. bennet that comment is really the best you can do ?
cory booker , one day will be our potus !
thank you for your commitment to health and choice !
but we &apos;ve come to expect that from arrogant , belligerent and ignorant right wing authoritarians .
you wanna make that change tulsi , then take out it &apos;s instigator !
congressman john yarmuth thank you for your foreword and your mother &apos;s recipe &quot; edna yarmuth &apos;s yummy apple pie &quot; for the cookbook &quot; recipes &amp; recollections &quot; … we hope you are enjoying the recipes and the rich west over ( chick-a- saw area ) history .
i want sensible gun laws .
thank-you amy for taking care of those who need it the most , god bless you !
i will do this but hope bernie is a choice .
congratulations and thank you for your hard work and dedication !
let &apos;s make hillary our next president .
i &apos;m staying in bernie &apos;s lane .
the trump train will be derailed soon hillary is going to be the one to do it .
bernie won your state , you should support him .
that &apos;s been tailored to the audience to get maximum reaction .
what &apos;s your solution to transition to renewable energy ?
people want more power than corporate &quot; super delegates &quot; .
this is a 6th century culture forced into the 21st century overnight .
i am happy you have wonderful memories to take with you each day .
the wrong side of history- much like people who used to rail against race mixing or the right of gay people to love and marry their partner .
@ sharon disagreeing in and of itself is not being hateful , but when you &apos;re actively advocating a position / law that discriminates and violates the civil rights of others ( eg : interracial or interfaith marriage , as i stated earlier ) , you &apos;re not simply disagreeing any more .
happy girls day to you , too !
congratulations governor and senator !
learn a lesson mr booker .
thank you debbie for taking this initiative !
well said senator wyden .
with all do respect senator wyden , i hope you have more than just &quot; serious concerns &quot; about many of trump &apos;s cabinate appointments / appointment considerations .
thank you so much for your tireless efforts !
the fda is full of shit too corey .
bennet ( d-co ) , nay booker ( d-nj ) , nay cantwell ( d-wa ) , nay carper ( d-de ) , nay casey ( d-pa ) , nay coons ( d-de ) , nay donnelly ( d-in ) , nay heinrich ( d-nm ) , nay heitkamp ( d-nd ) , nay menendez ( d-nj ) , nay murray ( d-wa ) , nay tester ( d-mt ) , nay warner ( d-va ) , nay
likewise feeling is mutual amy i have family that lives in france .
ps - warren is a coward .
perhaps the diocese should have a vote where the local catholic community decides where it wants to spend its locally contributed funds .
thank you for all the hard work you do ron !
tear down this wall trump
definitely sad news for all minnesotans but , especially those of us in the 8th district that were fortunate enough to have been served by jim for so many years .
trump takes for your contribution to america and showing us how fucked up so many people truly are .
we stand with you , senator schumer .
i had been boycotting eden foods for quite awhile now but there are other fairly prominent names on that list that we might get their attention via a boycott and major publicity .
i completely agree with you and rep. pallone single-handedly blocked the most bi-partisan initiative in the congress ( with over 110 + co-sponsors ) -- it is really disgusting what this person did by blocking h. con .
every time a group of people get killed they bring out the stale saying , guns don &apos;t kill people do .
washington state citizens with any sort of education and understanding support your efforts to protect a woman &apos;s right to choose !
you are a great senator from minnesota
i need a more detailed explanations , citing facts about the so-called dangers of importing drugs from canada .
here is president barack obamas &quot; muslims ban &quot; from the same 7 countries for a longer period of time in 2011. where were your tears then ?
sessions is a racist and the gop good old boy system of old white men continues to prove that the gop is war on women is on .
fight the good fight , senator booker !
yay for women !
good point amy .
happy new year to you and thanks for doing a great job .
we &apos;re glad to have you , congresswoman degette !
no government sponsored racism , sexism can be tolerated .
once again ma leads the way ! ! !
senator elizabeth warren is one of the most honest and caring people in washington ad deserves to be addressed with respect and thought , whether or not you agree with her .
we want our senators and representatives to fight for good legislation that will reduce the cost of prescription drugs .
debbie does take care of business and better than just about any man / specially the goofy gus that thinks he &apos;s got a chance of beating her on nov . 6th !
senator klobuchar , it was very wrong for you to support monsanto &apos;s dream bill .
it &apos;s unfortunate bernie supporters sound like tea baggers .
how about some new more strict gun control law .
what an enormous disappointment ... i was so inspired by you ... my 88 year old mom and i were just talking today about how you were the &quot; real deal &quot; and how we hoped you would run for president ... you joining repbulicans to kill bernie sanders bill .
sen. warren , please # endorseberniesanders .
amy ! !
jill sakowitz
the very same liz warren that , at best , exaggerated a native american heritage , and , at worst , lied about it , to get benefits ?
in recent years , at the federal , state , and local levels , these efforts have been successful and enforced by legislation .
and thanks to liz walker .
that to me is no democracy .
dear mr. booker , why did you vote against americans being able to fill prescriptions in canada to save money .
that &apos;s the beauty of a democratic process .
it &apos;s nice to get my prescription i need and being able to see a doctor when i need without putting it in my credit card .
bigotry is not a value we should defend , but we know what the republicans are .
we mothers admire your years of hard work for ohioans .
no regrets on voting for ms kamala d. harris # justiceandequalityforall
bashar al-assad did not agree to deliver chemical weapons only after being smuggled to hezbollah in lebanon , and transport has been through damascus patient new yabous _ by kfir yabous - menial madr _ to ousaya lebanese , which is located in the north-east of lebanon and the border with syria .
adam lanza &apos;s mother had plenty of guns .
trump makes death threats , hilary actually kills people
sounds like senator warren &apos;s heavy dose of truth struck a nerve with a few people .
thank yuo , super kamala .
good for you peter .
oregon rocks
you are there for missouri &apos;s children , and we will be there for you in 2018 , senator mccaskill .
good work senator klobuchar !
amy klobuchar for president ( says this recovering republican ) !
solar panels work even in gray oregon .
ew go f yourself
massachusetts would feel a direct impact if we stopped paying rent and food for illegal aliens .
perhaps the $ 267,000 from pharma contributions you &apos;ve received has clouded your judgment ?
having been a past regional director of my seattle based union i support the memberships vote .
please continue to be diligent in your investigation into the candidates trump has nominated for his cabinet .
do your job and fix this please , mr booker .
no one cares what warren thinks .
corey booker who are you what are you and why are you
it &apos;s truly revolting , cory .
fight for more worthwhile jobs for people .
ultimately , the democratic party failed america .
we need republicans to boycott
as a leader of u.s. senate democrats , please publicly oppose , block , and filibuster neil gorsuch .
---- after 6 / 12 , usa should eliminate jihadi terrorism by roping-in india through &apos; common wealth &apos; by brexit for which launching of new political party in india with name &apos; common wealth party &apos; is the key , as explained at : - http : / / www.pakistanchristianpost.com / detail.php ? articleid = 2725 regards email : hemraj _ jain @ yahoo.com
@ kirsten gillabrand &quot; we made prescription drugs more affordable for seniors by closing the donut hole , &quot; by forcing drug companies to pay the difference , or risk having their medicines decertified by medicare / medicaid .
keep fighting for us , senator warren !
he should have voted for sanders &apos; and klobuchar &apos;s measure to cut drug prices last week .
senator booker voted against the klobuchar / sanders amendment , but voted for the wyden one , which had the necessary fda language .
no studies prove your theory amy ... brown shirts next ... the party first and foremost .... now make sure that the providers are all union members to fund your reelection .... payback for the fraud ...
yay yes you keep on keeping on elizabeth ! !
&quot; doing everything in our power &quot; must include supporting the presidential nominee that the people of minnesota have loudly and clearly declared must be bernie sanders .
ia tatalo ia le atua e faasino le auala ete alu ........ manuia
thank you peter defazio for signing on to co-sponser congressman tim murphy ( pa-18 ) .
thank you for your work senator brown .
we love you , sorry we are broke and that there are a lot of assholes in this world
i am a life long liberal dem and have seen a lot in my 73 years .
so far , you &apos;ve been confirming his lunatic cabinet and saying things like &quot; we look forward to working with trump . &quot;
keith ellison i inboxed you .
congrats sen patty murray .
look what congressional idot ( who has millions ) is championing the middle class
exposures to good education and a knowledge how to reshift and refocus helps folks to move forward a create a better reality and be able to do with positive thoughts what they need to do in order to secure the work and homes to be a success .
now your party is dismantled and the dnc the laughing stock of the world .
al you helped kill the democratic party base faith in the leadership .
maybe when you stop taking huge sums of money from the pharmaceutical companies you might have some credibility in this matter .
lets ask gillibrand how much campaign money she got from the unions here in new york for her re-run .
so who is going to be president then because cliton and sanders are the last person we need as presidents .
brown nosers !
thank you for your service trump , i mean cory ....
congratulations carol .
so now let &apos;s celebrate that people can leagally force women to kill their unborn child .
i live in austin , mn now , but lived in iowa during the &apos; 08 primaries .
obama 2020 please .
we must ban together and fight for american values .
booker is no better , he was bought
honorable congresswoman , i wish for you to worry about and work for the unemployed in our district .
happy thanksgiving senator duckworth 🦃
mn is run by a bunch of devils , gods curse be upon them that voted for this.it is plainly in the bible same sex relations are against god &apos;s laws .
thank you congresswoman for always looking out for ways to protect the consumers from being victimized by these swindlers ! !
please keep up your good work congresswoman !
i love elizabeth !
fake tears lol .
unreal to watch someone who wrote books on fascist assholes now support a stalin-level fascist ( who stole our votes ) .
because tulsi listens .
thank you so much for all of your hard work , and for your clear commitment to progressive causes .
whatever happened to mn nice ?
let &apos;s bully patty murray and her well written summation of where we are using bad spelling and poor grammar-that &apos;ll show her .
i love my india
in fact , if you dwell deeper into the subject you make a great case for gun rights .
credibility issue with anything coming from ms. warren who has lied and cheated to get where she is .
dino rossi tried to shake my hand today during a parade .
if we see more videos of al franken on the internet , net neutrality is a joke .
trump will # makeamericagreatagain
so damn hard to survive in politics if you &apos;re a woman
sorry sherrod you have failed in serving the people of ohio ! good ridance
she was my first choice when she ran against o &apos;bama , and after this is the left coast , and i would love to be able to refer to judi and my pictures with as , pictures with the first woman president !
be true to your constituents and cast your super delegate vote for him .
he doesn &apos;t call former klan leaders &quot; great mentors &quot; like hillary .
agreed but voting for big pharma is not activism .
yes , because looting and burning businesses are peaceful protests .
i won &apos;t be attending donald trump &apos;s inauguration . &quot;
what will boycotting business that are pro trump , so they have to lay off employees , do for you .
democrats lost the house they held for many years trying to make political hay on the gun issue , maybe this time they will lose the senate .
thank you for your integrity and your steadfast representation of the people you serve , senator merkley .
you too ms. gillibrand .
we also welcome the bernie independents and the bernie republicans ! ! !
there are no valid arguments justifying assault weapons in the hands of the general public .
why can &apos;t we pass a law the encompasses al violence ?
i hope those of you who are so upset about this were equally as incensed when republicans skipped the last inauguration to go on vacation .
kamala harris ... so you would rather continue the narrative &amp; prohibit the transparency of the truth because god forbid the discovery of the illegal votes for a polishitian like yourself ?
neaderthals like akin and walsh should be castrated for the good of society .
can you please do something about bannon too .
congressman sherman , thank you very much for co-sponsoring the house resolution 752 .
bernie sanders president
thank you joyce beatty !
i am waiting to hear the same from my own senators , senator diane feinstein and senator kamala harris .
bernie all the way ! !
hey , everyone , get your congresswoman carol shea-porter sign up and email a photo of it to mr. innis !
that &apos;s very nice of you , amy .
nice try then you go ahead and vote against the people &apos;s best interest and side with big pharma and not let us import the same name brand drugs at a cheaper rate .
go and make it work amy .
hi betty it seem good.but stretching the constitution.just to say that all man created equal , or that the poor be throwing to the wolfs
join https : / / www.letamericavote.org / fight voter suppression they are already challenging voting rights in many states ...
do votes not count to you amy !
chuck just saw your condescending response to hobby lobby ; we need term limits you and charlie rangel are a joke ! !
thank you claire
even being on u care minnesota one of my rx last year was $ 70.00 today wallmart called and said ready to pick up and the cost is now $ 100.00 wow ........ !
i &apos;ve unfortunately never had the honor of attending one of your events or meeting you .
please continue this proactive approach and endorse the only candidate who will make a difference .
thank you for being a positive voice in the middle of this chaos !
lousy decision mn !
when did hillary clinton become a girl ?
keep up the fight , senator ron !
i bet you do a lot of spitting when you sit and think about how you should have endorsed bernie sanders .
good job debbie .
i support most of the positions of this thread i just don &apos;t like maxine waters .
@ bruce -- that &apos;s what makes it original , elizabeth doesn &apos;t follow the herding effect .
nobody listens to al anyway .
i support you , rick
no one responding to warren &apos;s message on facebook matters .
there are a lot of my boys are killed because of the silence of the international community on the crimes lion that killed my sister and criminal come aged 7
well done , senator warren !
it &apos;s a sin that that phony frank guinta beat one of the finest representatives in the u.s. congress !
now you are the sort of person who should be standing next time elizabeth warren - for the sake of the free world : - ) bless you - from new zealand .
it will save a lot of money on blood pressure meds ! !
elizabeth warren for president in 2016 ! ! ! ! ! !
to remove symbols of our struggle is nothing more than pandering to another hate group , racist blacks .
you kind of lost me when you stumped for clinton before bernie caved .
hillary is as bad !
bravo senator sanders .
thank you from a self-paying , independent college student ! !
thank you for your wisdom and guidance in these troubled times
typical liberal .. go trump
the quran thus sanctions violence as a means of coercing religion .
this will play right into the hands of people against a higher min wage as american workers will be forced out and traded for the new workers .
we need you to win so you can keep doing your important work in washington dc advocating for workers &apos; and women &apos;s rights !
speaking of greed , why are you supporting the greed of the pharmaceutical companies and voting against cheaper drugs , cory booker ?
will you be in austin on saturday for the women &apos;s march ?
please al , take the lead on this and don &apos;t be stopped by the nra .
thank you , jackie for your continuing work to make this country safe .
please don &apos;t knuckle under to the nra and other guns rights nut cases on this issue !
as being a student out of college , there &apos;s no work in my field , i can only get a job waiting tables / bartending and currently paying what little i can afford on my loans .
everyone should go back and read what richard thompson wrote on this thread .
10 people showed for you and 170 people for anna little .
seriously hope wa electors can give you the boot and get a real progressive in next election .
u.s. senator elizabeth warren , i and millions of other decent americans urge you to do the right thing for america and the world .
77 % of americans say that prescription drug costs are unreasonable .
for some reason people believe they license to express racist ideas or take racist action .
thank you sen. amy for all of your dedication and hard work for the good of this minnesota and this wonderful country !
we love congressman beto
fight against hate and racism for us in washington !
why not do something important , like ban all free americans from owning guns ?
hey liz , please pass this on to harry reid .
i want to buy drugs from canada because they are cheaper .
i was never really behind trump , but if my vote pisses off people like liz warren ... there is a silver lining .
thank you for helping , rep. doggett .
good for al .
in the debate ryan still claimed he and wyden are together .
thank you to your commitment to all of our students , please continue to fight for all students and support our public schools ! !
happy new year amy
glad you are going on tv shows lately to show that nh still has one sane senator .
ld , i &apos;m afraid this is , to a disturbing degree , a large part of the real america : racist , ignorant and more than willing to expose their ugliness to others .
in 2009 , trump entertainment resorts filed bankruptcy after missing a large bond interest payment .
thankyou so much professor warren .
have been watching us electoral goings-on for the past 10 months with increasing puzzlement from across the pond .
right u r patty
i am tired of subsidizing the corporate farmers and big ag companies on the backs of the poor , who need our help the most .
so please dump the monsanto immunity rider .
thank you , senator ! !
i am a progressive and liberal voter - and i am appalled at your comments on the floor - civil discourse ?
donald trump racism , sexism ? ? ?
thanks patty , we appreciate your work for the people , your unending fight against the hate and greed of the evil people that have taken over the republican party , i pity their souls .
so why didn &apos;t you elizabeth warren then endorse bernie sanders , the only candidate to surely beat any republican loony they &apos;d choose ?
very much looking forward to your endorsement of hillary !
thank-you for all that you to for oregon and the usa .
we all pay taxes ..... we deserve equal rights ! ! ! !
thank you for your work and dedication .
amen kirsten .
civil marriage is a contract between adults recognized by the state .
thank you , dear senator debbie .
where were your tears when obama banned travel visas from all those countries and for longer time period ?
jobs can be created without imposing this tremendous danger to communities and the environment .
happy birthday rosà .
ed you were the only democrat i voted for .
amy , i &apos;m asthmatic and need daily maintenance medication .
what gun has gotten up , loaded itself , walked over and shot someone .
i am disappointed in you cory booker .
and remember , marijuana legalization is essential ; a civil right they can &apos;t continue denying us to placate the big corporations and the drug war industrial complex
thank you again for being a leader and role model in a challenging political climate and time .
i like her , wish she was the democratic choice .
thank you congresswoman for all you do !
congrats ag harris !
second a-fix student loan interest rate !
cory booker : $ 267,338 from pharmaceutical manufacturers ( # 1 among senate dems ) who knows , maybe it &apos;s a coincidence ?
this needs to be acted on before the electoral college !
this is a critical issue !
will you guys address the electoral college and it &apos;s relevance in 2016 ?
i think so much of elizabeth warren .
kaua &apos;i loves you tulsi !
i don &apos;t think trump is actually homophobic .
i am a registered republican that was all about bernie , he awoke a blind mass .
please support sen warren &apos;s act !
not the greatest democracy on the planet ms. warren .... the greatest democracy in the universe .
now we have to stop silent corporate financing of elections .
this post is incredibly insightful ... just like the recent report of student loan debts making it hard ( if not impossible ) for young people to afford to buy a home ( http : / / www.forbes.com / sites / halahtouryalai / 2013 / 06 / 26 / backlash-student-loans-keep-borrowers-from-buying-homes-cars / ) .
what she says is true ( and it doesn &apos;t matter if you like her or not ) if we don &apos;t pull together as a party trump will be our next potus .
elizabeth , would you like to go out this weekend ?
congrats elizabeth ! !
we are proud in this state to have ellison as a progressive and eloquent congressperson .
but you literally just also voted &quot; no &quot; against lower prescription drug costs because you were concerned about the safety standards of importing from canada at a lower rate !
even though i relocated back to my home state of michigan a few years ago , i will continue to support your campaign .
do the ie and all californians proud congresswoman torres !
watch the bleak opening of interstellar to see the results of not caring for our planet .
benjamin , the money comes directly from federal sources , through grants from the corporation for public broadcasting and the national endowment for arts .
thank you supporting our basic human rights and caring for all people .
thank you and wishing you the happiest holidays !
beautifully done senator amy .
earn your paycheck mr. doggett .
like canadian drug companies are less safe than big pharma here .
if it would have been bernie on the ballot , as it should have been , we wouldn &apos;t have had johnson to distract us from the goal .
it should be nobody &apos;s business what choice a woman makes .
trump is a clinton puppet handing over the presidency to his friend hillary with his disastrous political rhetoric
cory booker , seriously , be quiet .
the greatest rigged democracy in the world .
finding a solution to the impending student loan crisis is also something that congress should focus on .
your actions speak louder than words .... why did you vote against the cost of lowering drug costs .
you are doing the people &apos;s work , elizabeth .
happy , happy birthday we appreciate you !
ahahhahahahahhahahahhahahhahahahahhahahhahahahhahahahahhahahahhahahhahahhaahahhahahahahhahahahhahahhahahahahhahahhahahahhahahahahhahahahhahahhahahhaahahhahahahahhahahahhahahhahahahahhahahhahahahhahahahahhahahahhahahhahahhaahahhahahahahhahahahhahahhahahahahhahahhahahahhahahahahhahahahhahahhahahhaahahhahahahahhahahahhahahhahahahahhahahhahahahhahahahahhahahahhahahhahahhaahahhahahahahhahahahhahahhahahahahhahahhahahahhahahahahhahahahhahahhahahhaahahhahahahahhahahahhahahhahahahahhahahhahahahhahahahahhahahahhahahhahahhaahahhahahahahhahahahhahahhahahahahhahahhahahahhahahahahhahahahhahahhahahha now that is comedy gold : d : d : d : d
when did we get so scared and racist ?
why must people have collective rights ?
i call bullshit , booker !
get off the fence elizabeth .
do you hard core murray followers ever question what she says ?
stop the fast-track of the tpp
i repeat , cory booker is a republican
to think , you were already fighting for equal rights when i was only a toddler .
you are always working for the people , senator .
finally , this well-respected academic and senior u.s. senator from massachusetts takes on donald trump .
the momentum was with bernie .
gillibrand for president 2020 !
if senator sanders wins the popular vote then he should have your delegate vote .
you used to be a hero of the progressive cause .
just grow up and face the facts , if you are with trump you are like the school yard bully gang .
like you &apos;re falling into line by backing hillary ?
senator booker , i always stand with you but even you cannot be astonished at republicans giving anyone the short end of the stick ... that &apos;s their inherent and standard modus operandi ... it &apos;s all about trashing the middle and working class people of this nation .
trump is the devil incarnate - don &apos;t be fooled .
i also would like to see more drugs become generic sooner
i have heard elizabeth endorse bernie sanders , but she was diplomatic and did not mention his name , read between the lines !
americans and democracy are more important right now ! !
but he &apos;s still created thousands of more jobs than elizabeth warren has or ever will in ten lifetimes .
please work to have this reversed , senator .
i wish hrc would join you !
maxine waters is not doing her job violence in ca streets jobs wages lowest in history over a trillion dollars unfunded gov pensions .
please actlike the house did to block dea funding for their raids in the legal 23 medical cannabis states .
bernie would have won ..
o am so disgusted with the lawmakers supporting this illegitimate president , thst i hope they ate removed along with putin &apos;s puppet asap .
wrong , when all votes were counted trump won the popular vote also , check it out .
why are the drugs from canada good enough for our military personnel but not good enough for the rest of the us citizens ?
you need to get in line with the bernie sanders agenda , or you &apos;re not getting reelected , man .
i am so.glad we have you amy , every time i hear about you it reinforces how right i was to vote for you .
imo , this is the most important one : myth : showing a photo id to vote isn &apos;t a big deal because everyone has a photo id .
stop your lying cory .
bernie must be included ....
keep up the good work , sherrod !
tears are running down the flight attendants eyes .. yea the one yuou called a bitch for doing her job ... what a man you are .. female verbal abuser is what you are
amy klobuchar , when teamsters boss james hoffa said in a letter to president obama the affordable care act was a nightmare which will destroy the very health and wellbeing of union members along with millions of other hardworking americans was he lying or telling the truth ?
i never thought i would see the day that a democrat would be against unions .
as a connecticut resident , i will be following this vote carefully .
partd was written by billy tauzin , who later resigned and went to work for pharma .
back at you , senator brown !
bringing up chicago as an example of a place with a high gun violence is really nice rhetoric ; yet , overlooks how strict the gun legislation is there already .
i &apos;m for bernie .
thank you senator klobuchar ... you are my hero .
so you are smoking the same dope justice kennedy is smoking ! ! ! !
you must represent them in their decision to have mr. sanders run .
senator murray , we are so lucky that you represent washington state .
she does nor have any qualifications for this important cabinet seat .
hopefully to recognize their contributions and not to make yourself and the democratic party appear that you really care about the military .
frank you are the best ! !
elizabeth warren , why do we only hear crickets concerning your presidential endorsement ?
debbie- thank you for always standing up for people who are unable to stand up for themselves- the poor , vulnerable adults and children .
5. the equal pay for equal work mantra is tired and old .
no thanks to you mr pallone .
you know the people need bernie sanders ! !
gun violence has got to stop .
is there any religious person in this country who can justify banning refugees ?
i have been a life long democrat but am voting trump this year .
patty define weapons of war for your followers .
look up elizabeth warren ! !
you were definitely worth saving tammy !
thank you madam secretary of state 😉 🙏 💕
senator schumer , the only mean thing happening is you not moving on the cabinet picks .
if you ignore the will of washington to delegate for bernie sanders , it will more than likely end your political career , the revolution has begun and we the people have put your position available for an individual that will uphold the will of the people .
if you truly want unity you will work to get bernie in ... also given all the controversy around hrc she may get indited and would like her chance .
i can appreciate your desire to remain neutral but neutrality may end up costing us our best chance at true democracy of the people .
when state budgets are balanced one of the first things they cut is mental health and social services .
you and me , both , elizabeth .
without peace faith is over come with tears .. .
does it have protections of your lgbt citizens , or has that been stripped from the bill ?
i don &apos;t agree with sen. franken on nearly all fronts , but i commend him on his decision to donate his pay to charity .
so disappointed al is for clinton .
eradicate the electoral college !
maybe the good congresswoman and all you koolaid drinking demorats could go have a nice visit with all the families that have had loved ones lives taken by these well mannered illegal immigrants .
there should have been calls for investigation into on russian hacking and trump connection in october !
schumer is a lying fraud .
i &apos;m with patty .
my fear is that if you don &apos;t , your progressive voters in missouri will see it as a betrayal and that there could be resulting backlash against you from those very voters who will fight our hardest to protect your incumbency .
cathy mcmorris rodgers or scott brown as trump &apos;s running mate .
not only do we need to protect women and children ( and men ) from domestic abuse here , but our support of all helps our position in the world .
you are a shining light of hope in a dark world !
i tired of paying for schumer and his photo-ops .
you are some kind of stupid aren &apos;t you amy .
now today the march against monsanto page posted a list of votes shows that you voted &quot; yes &quot; .
continue to lead based on your values , sen. brian schatz .
thank you for continuing this fight .
if you are someone working retail or in food service or such , remember , dino rossi would have had you making $ 1.50 an hour less .
second , debbie is voting on behalf of her constituents on every issue .
elizabeth warren : these episodes in ferguson have made me realize that homeland security mentality has taken over even the smallest town police force .
sincerely , a grandchild of refugee immigrants , and a registered voter .
thank you for standing up against trump and his horrendous cabinet nominees .
trump is a disease !
fuck u douchebag .
about time to stop spending on the military arms race and put people to work on our infrastructure don &apos;t you think senator chuck schumer ? ? ?
forgetting political views for a second , it is fun to look at hillary , bernie , and donald in high school running for student council president .
... and every dem has said that blacks can &apos;t get a fair shake with white juries .
i have always loved elizabeth .
come on , we all know those protesters were sent by your party !
bernie didn &apos;t .
most of the drugs are manufactured in the us , so your explanation is a bit disappointing , as is all the contributions you &apos;ve accepted from big pharma .
there are so many white dude tears in this comment thread .
i think trump can beat hillary .
so very worried about same sex couples , who won &apos;t &quot; die &quot; whether allowed to marry or not - - but cannot stay through testimony by families of slaughtered americans .
thank you for your commitment to our children !
it is time for new leadership for the dems.i hope the democratic in the senate fights for us .
folks we don &apos;t have a democracy .
they are being assaulted by militarized police with nesr lethal tactics .
hillary belongs in a jail cell and trump is a narcissistic nut job .
trump has more women and minorities in positions of power than most other private companies .
these warriors deserve all the medically and mental help they can get .
we got screwed again by the archaic electoral college .
good afternoon congressman , my name is delaney sanders and i am from phoenix , arizona .
chris i am fully behind all efforts for tightening gun availability especially to unstable , potentially dangerous or abusive people .
but how can he be removed , cory booker ?
senator wyden , will you and senator merkley please look into the effects of antidepressants , especially for those under 21 , and research the information from other countries that have banned these meds ?
i really hope you run in 2020. you definitely have my vote !
the illegal immigrants that are protesting in our streets are cowards .
god bless you senator murray , we welcome such great leadership !
let &apos;s be honest , you should have backed bernie .
we &apos;re voting blue .
-emanuel cleaver ii .
i love madam leader pelosi .
way to go , senator klobuchar !
@ nancy a , you must get your history from fox , the deregulation of wall street statrted with regan and continued right up to gw
mariann , i never said louise was the problem .
senator ron wyden , i applaud your efforts .
way to go congresswoman jan schakowsky !
lol ... i too , have serious concerns about healthcare and long term care for the elderly , disabled and people who have mental health issues .
thanks for all your hard work , senator .
thank you and please keep voting against rex tillerson , jeff sessions , pruitt and the perry .
continue the fight for a true democracy .
thank you senator brown , my sister from seattle and me from bay village were in dc for the march .
kyrsten - i just want to tell you - i find the smear commercials against you to be disgusting .
dancene gee and jon smith i disagree , it is people like you and trump that have divided our country bringing forth all the hate for people of other color and beliefs !
it makes me even more sad that minnesotans ended up with buyers remorse regarding cravaack and elected nolan .
the wealthiest americans can afford it and are begging to help out--i.e warren buffett .
i can &apos;t afford insulin and food for my family as my meds are just under $ 1000 a month .
elizabeth stand with bernie to right the wrongs of the obstructionists in congress and donald trump !
they broke the law bring guns to a gun free zone .
billions stolen from pension funds et al - when you pay that back it will be an &apos; american success story&apos;
i hope you and the democrats are ready to seriously fight and block .
yea minnesota !
) , patty murray ( d . , wash . ) , debbie stabenow ( d . , mich . ) , dianne feinstein ( d . , calif . ) and barbara boxer ( d . , calif . ) — three pay their female staff members significantly less than male staffers .
please protect aca !
these are a couple problem areas just in minnesota .
it &apos;s time for you to stand with bernie .
&quot; bipartisan &quot; my ass .
thank you mrs warren for being such a wonderful leader and recognizing greatness in others .
after reading the article mr ogre posted up there and finding out wyden , murray and bennet all received caimpagn bribe money from march to may from these corporations that are benefitting from the tpp i think they need to be investigated like the fifa officials
frank , why dont you try to tell the whole truth .
trump does not incite his supporters to violence beyond one case in chicago .
amy , please remember , alot of us here in minnesota , deer hunt , pheasant hunt , , &amp; and i belong to , pheasants forever , !
the electoral college has been in place for 200 years but just now it &apos;s a problem ?
they want to foreclose so i can live on the streets homeless
oh , bullshit , cory .
congresswoman , i can hardly wait for the day that i read about marriage equality in arizona .
congratulations to jeff sessions !
make jill stein your energy secretary and find a place in the cabinet for gary johnson .
please work to strengthen gun control laws .
i agree with rep , lewis that trump is not our legitimate president .
you dirty greed fuck how much money did you take to be bought by drug companies .
you lost your credit as a progressive liberal , and you lost my respect .
why did you vote against lowering perscription drugs ? ? ? ?
that &apos;s you , maria cantwell , and my rep. i have every confidence that all three were more outraged than i was - what is the benefit of my calls ?
trump is dangerous enough but to have his kids getting security clearances and be involved with phone calls from other world leaders is scary .
vote for bernie if your state voted bernie , thats democracy .
some of my favorite parts of the 2020 election will be helping to kick your butt to the curb .
bill , william and john- guys i &apos;m facing a hard decision concerning this very discussion : i &apos;m 61 , divorced 5 yrs , live in the log home of my dreams which i &apos;ll admit has been work to hang on to by myself , i &apos;m self employed as a painter ... houses sm commercial , faux , murals .
gop dirty tricks : if there are empty seats during netanyahu &apos;s televised speech to congress the republicans are planning to fill them with gop staffers who will give netanyahu standing ovations in order to create a false impression and be used as right wing propaganda against president obama .
i had breast cancer 19 years ago and was diagnosed again last september .
i oppose the appointment of sessions .
while i disagree with many on the left that re-importing drugs from canada is a good solution , i do agree that the reason drug prices are so high has to do with the large donations to you and your colleagues by the drug industry .
thank you elizabeth warren our next vp
thank you mr. doggett .
we are a small independent bookstore in detroit michigan .
bernie has no successful business ventures - never even proposed a successful bill in 23 years in congress - yeah he &apos;s da man alright .
peter defazio rocks : )
hatred and violence must end .
saw you at the protest tonight .
i am so grateful for our state &apos;s contribution to this most important endeavor .
thanks to both on their courageous stands .
peace , andrew
i wasn &apos;t worried i know you have mn .
us in wisconsin are rooting for you !
if warren , or sanders or biden had run they would have won .
gillibrand is bought &amp; paid for ... she had no &quot; competition &quot; ... lip service ... lip service ... lip service .
best wishes for a speedy and full recovery !
i still conclude you voted in favor of your pharmaceutical corporate sponsors .
also warren has turned into a caricature of herself .
women wake up , and if you love a woman , speak up ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
we are very lucky to have you in office !
thanks for all you do , amy klobuchar .
if you think everyone in the streets of egyptian cities are honest , middle class patriots , think again .
going to trump &apos;s inauguration shows support for him and legitimizes all the horrible and disgusting things that he has said .
thanks for all you do for minnesota , you &apos;re a great senator .
trump had to do a full financial disclosure , just like all nominees .
though i have moved away from minnesota for now , i remain very hopeful that you will continue to fight for the aca , for women &apos;s rights , and for grounded and humble government .
mark f - maybe cong pallone supported hydroelectric &quot; dams &quot; in armenia and that &apos;s why they &apos;re honoring him &lt; snark &gt; .
love you al , give it the good fight .
getting corporate money out of politics , climate change , projecting the free press , freedom of speech , women &apos;s reproductive rights , native american sovereignty ; protecting public land , endangered species , fisheries , water , air , and cultural resources ; protecting public education and right to healthcare .
what a dumb ass thing to post .
now is the time to do anything about keeping us safe from gun violence
his career has been about fighting for equality but always focusing on being effective , building coalitions and getting things done .
but , elizabeth , your loyalty and your courageous efforts produce results .
keep fighting brian .
sounds pretty comparable with what my congressman rick larsen has said as well .
thank you congresswoman colleen hanabusa for fighting for us .
let &apos;s be honest ... calling people names invalidates any argument you out forward .
instead of just attacking cops who shoot unarmed people , citizens need to start prosecuting ( and executing ! )
you are not a freed slave - smh .... typical lib spewing bs
i am so darn proud to be a citizen of nh - quite a change from how i felt last spring !
however , i &apos;m pretty sure that trump will not respect the decision once he &apos;s sworn in .
i agree with elizabeth warren .
but this time , i thank you for calling awareness to this serious issue that my fellow vets and i face daily .
i &apos;m loving you rep. jackie speier !
he &apos;s what new jersey needs .
@ russ - colleen must be another &quot; anna little &quot; person
this is getting terrifying .
sen. schumer , please stand beside congressman lewis and refuse to attend the inauguration of a man who should not be our president .
thank you cory booker for your dogmatic positivity !
it is important to reach the ethnic and non-white communities and college campuses .
she is definitely voting for hilary
the tea party &apos;s corporate overloads need them to fight their wars , work at their wal-marts and execute them on their death rows .
benefit of the doubt for those right wingers who seem confused or misdirected ?
students who work for a college education are graduating deeply in debt .
i can &apos;t vote for you , but i can certainly help keep your name out there to ensure that you become the next representative from illinois 8th !
the corporate farmer goes to florida for 4 months while kids are hungry in minnesota .
dear tulsi thank you for having the courage to speak up against this illegal war .
moreover , i &apos;m proud to be his constituent .
i too hope that you will not attend the inauguration .
thank you for your work again .
dammit , liz ( may i call you liz ) .
i appreciate your efforts and your voice !
please oppose intervention in syria .
get off your ass and do something about jobs in this state !
sherborn , ma for warren !
thank you for all you do , wishing you the happiest of holiday &apos;s
hey brian !
i feel sorry for you belonging to a party unfamiliar with peaceful resolve .
monsanto must have offered you both lucrative positions for when your political careers are over .
sen sessions is a disaster and the women of minnesota are counting on you to represent them .
how about you get off social media , grab some of your dem colleagues , organize some of the rep &apos;s who know this guy is a wacko , and go to work .
vote for the nominees - do your job already .
here &apos;s something else the congresswoman had a hand in doing .
thank you louise ✌ ️️
my son is on the autism spectrum , and after 14 years of education services provided by our school district , in compliance with idea and new york state regulations , he will graduate next year and is ( hopefully ) college bound !
the american dream has been destroyed by the commie-lib dems and this not so affordable health care act !
joe - could be a snappy bumpersticker , but it &apos;s factually wrong .
well richie
good for you , amy , keep up the good work .
we must oppose the forces of white supremacy at every turn , and prevent their access to power .
we are facing climate change and mass extinctions .
other guests on a panel include senator d &apos;amato , fernando mateo , monica crowley , ellen ratner and keith albow .
so proud to have you serve our state of massachusetts !
t i am so proud and grateful that he has called trump &quot; illegitimate &quot; and would never take away from his influence and power .
you &apos;re a good woman , elizabeth .
trump is down right crazy .
i feel this president along with the entire democratic party has endangered this planet whether you stood silent or voted allowing this outcome to occur .
al - can you cite a source for your claim about president obama &apos;s approval rating ?
mr trump is anti-semitic , misogynist and a bigot himself .
oh and an endorsement for bernie would be really nice , we don &apos;t want hillary , we want someone who is going to put us before the corporations , end the war on drugs , and put our tax money towards rebuilding this country instead of war .
delayed access to cheaper prescription drugs just so washington and the drug companies can spend the next 10 years trying to agree will just be business as usual .
you act as if they want to import drugs from 3rd world countries .
it &apos;s really sick how the anti trumps ( and the pro hillary fanatics can even say anything about violence when it is the liberals who are causing violence at rallies .
youre a special one frank , you loser .
eat shit .
where were schumers tears then .
it is a story about the experiences of some senior citizens visiting yellow stone park when obama threw his tantrum last week .
that &apos;s the elizabeth warren i love .
kkk supports hillary after all you , your husband and obama are all harvard people .
2. ban on high capacity magazines / projectile clips .
i wonder were was the tears for the victims of the boston marathon bombing .
hey barry how about you look to see what pallone has done for you ....
congressman gerrymanderendi sharing his admiration for ashley judd &apos;s characterizations of president trump as hitler and president trump having incest fantasies about his daughter is what make him a star on the rise in the reactionary revolutionary democrat people &apos;s party .
aside from the typical falsehoods spewn above by ms. coleman for her own benefit , it &apos;s been a good start .
the party of barney frank and your proud ?
&quot; hey chuck , don &apos;t confirm ! &quot;
&quot; a vote for hillary is a vote for trump . &quot;
corey run for president in 2020
i cannot vote for hillary for one excluding pov but i can &apos;t vote for dt for about 8 excluding points of view .... looks like my husband gets my vote again .
i asked a friend if she thought i could get re-hired at the fast food business i had previously worked at .
i know this was not an easy decision but i agree that trump is not the right man for the job and support your action .
not only hunger , dv is a big issue too , plz make sure and sign that vawa be reauthorized or it dies at the end of this congress .
a vote for trump is better than a vote for hillary !
josh clark , red sox nation is the name for red sox fans .
yes it was madame president !
like senator schumer , senator gillibrand has been out in front for true health insurance reform , including a public option .
unfortunately there is nothing beautiful about fort bliss national cemetery other than the courageous souls buried there .
just wanted to say ron wyden you just lost my vote when your next term comes up .
i have always admired your passion and your enlightened positions , elizabeth !
see you there beto
we should all stand together against violence of all types against all persons .
look at all the poor little trump trolls trolling away while their insane candidate sinks deeper into crazy .
how will we reduce the climbing costs of the secondary expenses of drug use and abuse .
congresswoman , you rock !
we are with you , senator warren .
aloha nui loa !
and it looks like the bernie or bust folks are right behind them .
i &apos;m with ya debbie but i think it &apos;s too late for that idiot governor of ours has already signed it into law .
clearly tulsi come across as the most sincere .
* * * * * &quot; wasserman says republicans have tended to appeal to affluent voters since the roosevelt era in the 1930s and 1940s but recently have appealed more to southern and rural voters , who often have lower incomes . &quot;
they use the same reasoning for charging outrageously high prices for the drugs they invent with this research .
in every national poll conducted , bernie beats trump by a much wider margin than hillary .
it is wonderful to be so well represented .
i hope it was a no vote on hr 1599 today , the law that would outlaw statewide gmo labeling .
hillary supporters or isil demand recount .
you are an amazingly strong woman .
the tpp is being written in secret by corporations for corporations .
ummm ... so canadians have unsafe pharmaceuticals ?
status quo democrats and republicans like warren et al .
patty murray one of 46 senators to vote away your freedom
those fake tears .
i &apos;ll see you running and winning in 2020 .
lets do out amy !
claire shut up ....
instead , you use lackadasical rhetoric by calling trump names .
thank you , i needed to hear this today &lt; 3
now the democrats have to kick out hillary ( who is without a doubt far worse than trump ) and nominate sanders .
i have a lot of respect and pride that you are my congresswoman , it is always a pleasure to vote for you , thank you for your work !
you democrats will never see a better tomorrow .
go ahead and justify your ignorance and bigotry .
despite the media &apos;s penchant for featuring these stories , public shootings are not common .
proud to have you in the senate , even though i don &apos;t live in mn anymore .
senator wyden , thank you for your courage then and your continued support now .
promote more diversity in the workplace so they can find areas in which to employ more disabled persons who tend to have specialized skills .
show solidarity with the people of wa and boycott the inauguration !
amazing democrats fought so long and hard to keep their slaves and torture them .
u r an amazing person and terrific senator !
you are going to make sure trump never reaches the white house ? ?
oh boo fucking hoo , the senate decided to uphold the constutition .
debbie , please tell john he is in my thoughts and prayers .
let &apos;s stop condoning bigotry and start treating all human beings with dignity and respect .
&quot; that said , &quot; this whole political 3 ring circus has me extremely disenfranchised , and the only thing i &apos;m &quot; committing , &quot; to is voting for bernie in the presidential election .
if only the dnc had a slam dunk potential nominee that would undeniably defeat trump .
do you also thank the militarized police force going door to door , forcing residents out of their homes for illegal searches , and rolling down the roads with weapons of war ?
they want it in michigan too .
happy thanksgiving to you and your family .. thankful for all that you do for us !
i am with mr pallone on this one and you are a such racist .
hope you can convince wyden that he also needs to vote no !
wa knows we &apos;re lucky to have such a wonderful advocate in dc !
google peter schiff .
mr. schumer , do your job or retire !
is it because i am indeed your delegate in my county ?
they say that they are just going with hillary because they already know she will win , if that was true there is something wrong with the system , regardless your vote should be allied with that of your constituents and over 70 % of washington voters chose bernie .
come on liz , you are too honest a person not to realize the extraordinary dangers of a hillery clinton dictatorship !
i am terrified for our country if trump becomes president .
thank you , senator , for opposing this choice .
i appreciate senator warren &apos;s efforts .
today , the usa , the world countries and everyone who claims democracy are taking on a historical responsibility towards our people !
senator bennet - your poll did not give the option of having the gov &apos;t get out of setting interest rates on student loans ; how about introducing a bill to have student loans revert to the private market and have the gov &apos;t get out of it entirely ?
none of your proposed gun laws would have stopped these shootings !
but because as catholics , we view marriage as between one man and one woman , catholic charities could not place children into a home of two men or two women .
minnesota and northern minnesotans hearts ache for the loss of jim oberstar , a true &quot; patriot . &quot;
i agree stop steve bannon
thank you sherrod , you &apos;re the best .
mahalo nui loa- for you
so excited to see it so close , all my positive thoughts are that kamala harris pulls through and wins this baby !
you are free from the clintons now elizabeth warren now the real work begins 2020 will be our year bernie sanders potus 2020 lets get to work now
i am with you senator shaheen .
cory booker .... you need to explain why you took money from big pharma .
good work , amy !
so all of you clinton , sanders , trump supporters &amp; especially you elizabeth warren go take a long walk off of a short peer please ! ! ! ! !
it &apos;s everyone &apos;s best friend when a constituent needs a handout unless it &apos;s nestle with its hand out ?
i do not want to be forced into a wall street voucher system .... shall we put his retirement into that system ? ...
thank you chellie for that vote .
we need look no further than the team he is assembling to find signals that the era of trump will be one of chaos and devastation for our communities .
and yes i mean you amy klobuchar .
thank you , sen. brown , for representing us with honesty , grace &amp; honor .
are you submitting a bill that would make sure the imported drugs would be safe ?
exactly how will the former counsel for monsanto protect our environment ?
hrc cannot beat trump .
we need love to defeat hate but we also need legislation to stop these senseless massacres .
and a tammy duckworth win !
i &apos;m feeling the bern in oregon !
blinded by the new york mentallity !
&apos; there &apos;s no virtue in silence . &apos;
stfu---you liberals are the ultimate cherry pickers when science iis under any discussion .
i &apos;m with you patty , all the way .
my big worry now and i hope everyone &apos;s eyes be directed on our new secretary of state , his companies , trump and their relationship with putin .
stand your ground debbie
remember congresswoman pingree , elections have consequences .
if the system of illegally monitoring and recording u.s. citizens digital footprint worked ... please tell us mrs. murray what happed at fort hood , boston and benghazi ?
derek g. marsh
&quot; men who want to support women in our struggle for freedom and justice should understand that it is not terrifically important to us that they learn to cry ; it is important to us that they stop the crimes of violence against us . &quot;
please run in 2020. we need you !
we are fighting for our lives due to increased violence from refugees .
hobby lobby is right you are wrong .
so , with that said , does this mean we can expect your support of the boeing machinists , in their bid to not lose their retirements , especially as boeing &apos;s corporate profits are at an all time high ?
we can respect this result as the rules of the game in place during this time round , and still believe the electoral college is itself an affront to the &quot; integrity of our democracy &quot; .
democrats &amp; democratic leaning independents ; we have to take responsibility for the preparation , execution and the outcome of not only this novembers electoral results but the 2016 presidential election as well .
the state should repay what they owe detroit public schools as well trusting that you &apos;ll make these happen as our elected official debbie stabenow .
dnc chair &quot; the dems need organization and focus on the young , &quot; dean tweeted .
this is a scary time for all .
the formula based on many polls right now : trump beats clinton ; clinton beats sanders ; sanders beats trump a bit of a strange triangle we have going here .
may 2015 bring you strength and good health .
warren for vp ! ! !
women would ( and have been ) be expected to pay an estimated 65 % more for their health care needs in comparison to men .. women have not only paid more for their reproductive health care needs but paid for male reproductive needs garnered from women &apos;s higher premium without a complaint .
many thanks amy for making our world a better , safer place to raise children .
ms. stabenow , don &apos;t forget about insurance reform for the state of michigan , otherwise known for the jacked up regulations state ..... , please ?
my family and i appreciate your support for marriage equality !
you are so wonderful and gracious !
..... just trying to butter up his constituency after selling out to the pharmaceutical industry ........ traitor .
it &apos;s always been mid class that &apos;s how they do what they do and we will always be mid class hello
thank you for your decision not to attend .
elizabeth , we really need your endorsement for senator sanders .
bernie sanders has been very vocal about this issue and i wuld appreciate if you would serve those who ( a ) elected you and ( b ) who have been very clear about who we are suppporting for the democratic presidential nominee .
walk the walk senator !
please please invest in mental health .
for example , banned books .
that &apos;s one reason i will keep voting for earl !
why aren &apos;t you talking about gmo labeling ?
senator wyden , i respect keith ellison , however , i would like to see the new chairperson of the dnc to have the job full-time , not part-time .
the republican &apos;s are shameful ... all while trump is touting the fossil fuel industry !
thank you senator donnelly for recognizing that &quot; targeting &quot; people by religion is wrong .
fingers crossed for ya kyrsten
as a nurse , i have seen , countless instances of patients being stabilized in the hospital and after discharge not getting the correct medication and having to be rehospitalized .
i hope that my friend jon sferazo and others finally get the help they so desperately need .
check the price of asthma meds too !
after trump &apos;s latest remarks , instead of a handful of repugs disavowing him , there should only be a handful left that endorse him .
tammy , i wish i was in your district so i could vote for you .
they died in efforts by &quot; striking &quot; and encouraging organized efforts and bring about 8 hour work days instead of 14 + plus hour day &apos;s , due process , and other rights ..... all in jeopardy again .... you cannot gather in group now once again even if peacefully singing
i write call my republican politicians as much as i do my democratic ones .
you and bernie and elizabeth and sherrod are all good folks .
how about your support of dea and fda with government deliberate deception regarding cannabis ?
we are forever grateful for you !
go trump train ! ! !
