tillis did not cut the education budget .
where were months ago .
as for adam the repucks are the ones that said no to fund a clean bill for dhs , the president and the dems and a majority of repucks in the senate passed a 1 year dhs funding bill with no attachments .
has done nothing but cave to dems ! !
i think rubio has made a strong showing tonight .
we support you , rand .
speak in plain english , the biggest problem today is obama &amp; his thug administration , , eliminate that problem and everything else becomes a lot more easier to contend with , ,
tom , i wish u would bring change .
i will continue praying for you and the decisions made by our government !
&quot; donald trump and paul ryan have put their self-interest above the country &apos;s best interest .
we need more trey gowdy &apos;s in the world !
i hope , senator portman , that you will vote as your constituents feel you should , and not along party lines or her donations .
better late than never you idiot !
if you vote for ryan , you will never get another vote from me .
congrats roger !
he thinks he &apos;s a king !
do you not hear the american people saying no , to illegals and mydlims ?
sir scott , a limited attack will make any solution for syria nearly impossible .
we don &apos;t have a revenue problem we have a spending problem and it needs to stop ! ! ! ! ! ! !
no way could i have another yoho yard sign or knock on doors for rep. yoho .
bush would spend more time on his ranch in texas than he spent at the white house .
when he starts a job and qualifies for insurance benefits , he will not have to worry about being denied insurance for pre-existing conditions , and if he has to start in part-time jobs , he can get insurance in the marketplace .
do not give in to his stupidity !
jody , uncle jerry and i send love and prayers to you and your family .
repost if you think god , our country , and our flag deserve respect !
i copy mr white &apos;s statement : mr. lankford .
how obama is still in office lays at the republican leadership door .
get off your duff and submit the zadroga legislation .
marco is the one we have been waiting for !
you are nothing but a partisan hack paid off by the likes of devos
the gop was also the party that compromised on the last debt ceiling when obama was telling them &quot; just a little more spending &quot; .... and look where it got us .
cave .
love you trey gowdy you are the best we have ! ! !
2 questions are why do more people evolve like me from liberal to conservative and none really move from the right to the left ? ?
we stand with you mr. paul !
fine , get rid of the debt ceiling and ban the fed from buying bonds .
don &apos;t doa paul ryan please ...
this attack against online poker is an attack on our individual freedom .
james , you act like the president told the irs to do this , he already spoke out and said they would be punished accordingly .
he thought he could keep ryan off track .
sir she is woefully unqualified .
i realize you do a lot of good , and i agree with you on most issues ( i &apos;m a conservative and registered republican ) , but this action is not conservative , not republican , and not rational .
in the private sector , they would be fired .
ga. does not care if a person lives or dies .
may you and the rest of the senate and house be voted out over the coming years so that we the people can have our government back .
lindsey , wouldn &apos;t you just love for trump to disappear and leave you and all your cronies in washington to continue your destruction of our country ?
you mean right to get fired for no reason state , etc etc .. its really not a good thing ! wished sc wasnt !
this is laughable ... they have no position , can not shut down gthe government and even if they could they can not defund the aca .. what republicans are doing is stirring the pot to gin up donations .
i am still a dr. ben carson supporter but senator ted cruz and carly fiorina looked and sounded like winners as well .
by the way , why was the bush stimulus ( the one that roskam voted for ) ok , but not the obama stimulus .
you seem more interested in selling your vote for your own personal gain than to do the job we as residents of north carolina entrusted you with .
but obama is a ---hole .
vote no on every illegal gubment spending bill that comes down the pipe justin .
tom woods is a guy you should associate yourself with .
nathan whitesides wrote : &quot; but i ask you , if our government isn &apos;t here to protect it &apos;s citizens , then what is it for ? &quot;
i have the same questions tim has .
the more pressing issue is repeal of the aca in its entirety and making the relief retroactive so that once it &apos;s gone the irs cannot conduct an audit and impose penalties for years that it was in force .
they agreed to raise the debt curling if obamacare is defunded they agreed and after the fact they still are going to fund obama care .
i do believe they will strike us on our own land while our troops are over there fighting a hopeless cause .
we need principled leadership who won &apos;t compromise because our speaker said he &apos;d get democrat support if republicans didn &apos;t toe the line .
paul ryan states he wants to help preserve the republican control over congress so as to be able to keep clinton in check if she wins .
( 1 ) repeal obamacare 100 % ; ( 2 ) limit federal government spending to less than 20 % of gdp ( 3 ) slash corporate tax rates in half to spur the economy .
how the hell is it that holder is still around ?
# worstresponders if we don &apos;t have the first responders next time they are needed , it will be your fault .
obama has violated our laws he should be impeached .
tell him what you think !
senators john mccain ( r-ariz . ) , lindsey graham ( r-s.c. ) , kelly ayotte ( r-n.h. ) , and ron johnson ( r-wisc .
it also demonstrates why government should stay out of health care
rand paul can go for a giant leap on a short pier
lol then why raise the debt ceiling ?
best of luck to her , rand paul - and best of luck to you in your future political endeavours .
the state of ga. seems not to even care or try to help folks like me .
i am also proud to be a product of the sc public school system .
few good people like you , trey gowdy and ted cruz ! ! !
washington must stop spending and borrowing money ! ! !
but most of all being an american means following the constitution and being brave .
you are ignoring the benefits of the deal and joining the warmongering anti obama gop bandwagon .
why a vote for cloture that is a vote for obomacare
he &apos;s pulling this crap because he knows the courts wont catch up to him in time before he screws everyone .
praying for a complete recovery for amanda .
mr. paul , i am not convinced that you speak for the majority of americans regarding this issue .
once again , senator mike enzi , you are on the wrong side of history and decency !
the socialists would have you believe we are at the cliff and republicans are ready to provide a shove thus shutting down the government at which point , the world as we know it , will end .
any time james .
one wants secure borders , one wants open borders .
at the very minimum , the government mandate that all americans need to purchase health insurance or be fined via the irs should be challenged .
it was passed on a bribe , promised that it wasn &apos;t a tax yet that &apos;s the only way the sc could justify it so o had no problem with changing it to the greatest taxation in american history .
further , it did not pass as a &quot; tax &quot; bill under the direct tax authority of congress , which must initiate in the house .
wow a representative being pro active .. love trey
well .... i think mr. bo could start by eliminating the lavish , luxury vacations to hawaii , spain , africa .... and more .
bruce poliquin has been a strong voice for the people of northern maine he has my vote
the republicans have sent several balanced budget admin and dems won &apos;t pass them .
many who have ran out of time for government funds are not counted .
must be washington is truly where you can buy your way into a position you are not qualified for .
agenda 21. there is no reason to leave our borders open and to grant amnesty to millions of illegals except for one reason .
the president is clearly within his legal authority with this executive action .
so you going to impeach him ?
you were my second choice ( after trump ) in the republican primary .
this libertarian is pro-choice , on everything .
speaker boehner has proven himself to be a conservative hating obama enabler ( witness the &quot; cromnibus bill &apos;s passage &quot; ) who is at this moment punishing conservatives for standing up to him and his liberal caucus .
go get them trey gowdy ! 😁
we gave conservative the historical win in 2010. that is a fact .. then you guys turn on us and try to destroy us and the ones we sent .
paul game over the left has lost time for adults to clean up the children &apos;s mess .
then we could have donated it to the state of utah and we would be in the black !
obama broke the law again , telling illegals they could vote for the president .
lord i pray u will soften their hearts to you and your will and that u will be glorified in it and through it !
republican fiscal policies have been a disaster for this country , yet people keep wanting to put them back into power .
particularly , i &apos;d like to see some republican plans that keep the parts of obamacare that people overwhelmingly support , like the &quot; stay on your parent &apos;s healthcare until you &apos;re 26 &quot; and the &quot; your insurance company can no longer cancel your claim because you got sick &quot; provisions .
how about you worthless senators and congressmen look up the word impeachment and quit ignoring your job .
try asking ross perot why his third party attempt was killed ...
like our leader the president sorry to say it but he has not earned his luxary &apos;s either unless you consider lying work .
siding with harry reid is no compromise .
sadly , i have run out of hope that any &quot; servants of the people &quot; will do anything to stop amnesty and now , i hear , he wants to bring syrian refugees here too ?
obama says what he thinks will get him a smattering of applause and then does whatever the heck he wants .
so i hope that obama &amp; reid stop breaking the law and get their tails to work on a budget .
actually somebody should send him a copy of &quot; the law &quot;
why listen to a petulant little boy who loathes any notion of individual liberty and prosperity .
please stand with your constituents and vote to defund obama &quot; care . &quot;
i cannot support betsy devos as secretary of education .
thank the father for your service , behind you 100 % may you and your family be blessed
our prayers are with all families affected by that nut job .
wm3g - home of the # 1 black conservative talk radio broadcast in the south eastern united states .
the epa is a complete waste of time &amp; money ; they believe they know everything &#91; like all gov &apos;t &#93; !
lindsey go home you don &apos;t have a chance .
lets not forget that obamas team will never waste a good crises .
you haven &apos;t called him down on anything not have you done your jobs
as a fiscal conservative and really frugal with my own pocketbook , i will assist you , jenifer .
we don &apos;t need a balanced budget amendment that is rammed through in haste .
rejoice , lee .
the two votes in my household will be to vote against anyone who votes for increased spending and adding to the debt .
you really should try reading that constitution again .
god bless you guys !
bryan preston : &quot; if you &apos;re keeping score , obama &apos;s ideas end up destroying a whole lot of jobs . &quot;
if obama wanted to veto the bill ( and shut down a small part of dhs ) you should have let him .
hey trey gowdy , you &apos;d make a great president .
internal leaks from soros organization proves mccain is being paid off by his associate george soros .... follow the money !
i &apos;d say our man mitch just self destructed .
just hang in there , tim .
congressman bob gibbs , your vote yesterday for the boehner / obama cromnibus bill was a complete rejection of everything that republicans said to the electorate in the 2014 mid-terms .
thumbs up for ted cruz ( y )
the only jobs that this administration is creating are government jobs paid for by the taxpayers .
you are clearly not republican anymore !
can we start printing gowdy 2020 stickers yet ?
obam &apos;s illegal act is factually an of treason .
you and chambliss sold us out .
reps cave in for their own purpose .
you &apos;re our hero rand .
you need to take a lesson from trey gowdy !
if he does arrest him
rep lamborn i hope you do not believe that .
if congress would have taken their jobs seriously , you would have started the impeachment process already obama .
hanoi mccain can go to hell , arizona is insane for keeping this stockhome syndrome communist sympathizer in office !
its time to audit obama &apos;s lavish vacations as well .
gowdy has been bought .
as a tn voter , i have to rely on you to do the right thing .
jerry , you make assumuntions ... and , you can &apos;t spell !
hey fellow patriots sign here ! ! !
you won &apos;t get my support again and will get more prayers .
obama doesn &apos;t even care his wife and kids are planning a vacation in enemy territory .
john kasich , marco rubio and dr. ben carson show up prepared are the most presidential .
so sir , get to work on the bill that &apos;s been sitting in the house for over 500 days .
lol - little marco
it &apos;s time for crist to shut or put up !
loretta lynch is another obama a $ $ wipe like jeh johnson and cheryl mills and many others
mr. trey gowdy , if you ever run for president , i do not care who is running against you .
sorry , lindsey , but you &apos;re only half right .
obama is the poorest president we have had since the 1800 &apos;s
praying for more people to believe the same as you !
you go , the lord is with you .
stop all foreign aid until &quot; we the people &quot; are all o.k.
which one is that sir ?
flake the flake , you must think we are so stupid .
obama needs to be stopped
pass a budget and raise the debt ceiling .
praying for you , your husband and the baby .
hey rand , she lies with a straight face and trounces the truth like an obama trooper !
first , we need to truly secure our borders .
hear our voices and &quot; draw the line &quot; mr. mcclintock !
it &apos;s what the people of georgia want , and at some point constituents have to come before loyalty to the party .
i &apos;m a rand paul supporter , but i wish he &apos;d get off the ted cruz birther stuff .
get a leader who will lead and not cave .
i guess ron paul supporters should feel ashamed of themselves for believing that actions speak louder than words and that the only man still on the ballot who has a record for doing what he says he will do is ron paul .
a no vote at this time seems the responsible action .
the president does not care about spending , he can tax us more
and what exactly are you doing sir to &quot; bring us all together ? &quot;
they &apos;re the wackos , can &apos;t understand their own oath to defend the constitution .
mia , one of the most successful people to help the poor in the last century was republican jack kemp .
insurance ( all ) reform , elimination of lobbyist , reduction of wasteful spending , just to name a few ...
here is a fact : whatever spending or tax increases there are in this bill that are supposed to happen now , they will happen now .
that everything that obummer and his posse have done becomes null and void .
we are a free country and in this freedom our president needs to understand he works for the americans in this nation and not for a few but for many .
nothing in washington will ever change as long as the political elite are not affected by the laws and rules the create .
allen west , louie gohmert , mark meadows , or mark levin ; )
fair like merrick garland ?
not move them into other offices and risk losing thier current seat to a rino or worse .
in the 1970s and 1980 &apos;s the castro regime aggressively attempted to export its &quot; revolution &quot; to angola , namibia , the congo , mozambique , bolivia , colombia , peru , nicaragua , el salvador , honduras , guatemala , greneda and even puerto rico .
do you support or oppose the government shutdown ?
the dictator doesn &apos;t give a flying phoque about the law .
we should be concerned about our lack of leadership here on our own soil before anyone elses .
even israel should not get the aid we give them , since they spend alot of time undermining and stabbing the us in the back
mia , please start a petition we the people can sign as well !
beg your tea party to nominate a challenger to the traitor thune
i really like this senator ... this country needs more patriots like him .
i believe you &apos;re history in sc !
i &apos;m very disappointed in the republican party and will not be voting for them again anytime soon .
this isn &apos;t a left vs right decision , this is qualified vs unqualified .
your decision to vote against what the people of wyoming are communicating to you is disgraceful .
that is why the president is ignoring it !
wish you all the best marco .
you can start the impeachment process now . , got that done tonight .
all no thanks to an obstructionist congress more interested in getting elected , making money , than serving &quot; we the people . &quot;
could you libnuts please vacate the state of texas before you ruin it ?
rand paul .. you are an idiot .... you won &apos;t get my vote ever again
why no air cover ?
supporting rubio in like supporting isis .
our government needs a wake up call before it is to late .
so why can &apos;t we defend our borders and stop the invasion of illegals here ?
congressman gowdy- i am not a constituent from sc , i live in tn .
start passing bills to stop the insane spending across the board it is totally ridiculous on how much is spent on ridiculous studies by all the agencies start cutting back on how much each agency receives .
no more common core it needs to end !
tim , the majority of people believed that the colonists could not hold off the full force and power of the british military when the colonists declared freedom .
the &quot; poor &quot; , with their current 10 % tax rate , will feel it the most .
you know , i thought rinos were near extinction .
sir , what are you doing about the border ?
find another republican nominee who &apos;s actually qualified .
with our current administration , terrorists are not islamic radicals , but god-fearing , freedom-loving america patriots , whose wish is to uphold the constitution of the united states of america ...
under pressure from conservative house members--and from us--to defund obamacare and to include language protecting religious beliefs from obamacare the speaker of the house has rushed the &quot; continuing resolution &quot; through a house vote without amendments or debate .
we should be spending our tax dollars improving public schools , not undermining them .
you want the tsa to hire proctologists and gynecologists to work the screening lines ?
obama reopened relations with cuba because cuba is communist .
i &apos;ll give a reason not to vote for emily cain she is a liar !
tom , just saw you on megan kelly , and something i have been thinking of since i first heard the pryor ad about your feeling &quot; entitled &quot; because of your military service ? ?
such a disappointment , you guys get in washington and forget who sent ya there !
don &apos;t even bring the senate immigration bill to the floor for discussion .
they gave obama a free ride by passing his budget .
because we have a president that thinks it &apos;s got to be his way or no way !
unnecessary foreign aid is also a big issue .
impeach and remove from office , please .
i believe obama would have pushed us to default rather than give one inch on his horrific legislation .
it is because we love america and believe in the constitution that we will fight to protect it !
rand paul , you are a good man !
she has absolutely no knowledge of education or how to manage educational funds .
no way should that be allowed
he is to be &quot; transportation secretary &quot; yet charlotte is about to lose control of the airport .
thune in &apos; 12 !
in 2 months we will see if you try to redeem yourself , you will have another chance to get boehner out as speaker and the people want louie gohmert or trey gowdy .
lamar is such a disappointment .
james lankford i so wish you could help all of us out by getting rid of this mess .
i am sure all we will hear will be that he is president and how he is going to use his executive powers to bully us citizens again .
praying for you : )
isn &apos;t it funny how whenever obama gets his way he suddenly breaks out into the &quot; we the people &quot; charade .
the republican party should have gave the american people an electible candidate !
fight obamacare - the massive government takeover of our healthcare ! !
kind of like the media.well you just go ahead , traitor to your party .
marsha is crazy as a loon .
well said mia , we love you : )
etc etc and , suzanne , jon stewart is a self-professed libertarian so his views are similar to rand paul &apos;s .
i am praying for all of isreal to remain safe .
praise god that change is on the way
trey i think you are an honest man and we need more men like you .
get rid of current republican leadership
get over to the senate chamber and support rand paul .
by leaving out one word &quot; sign &quot; it sounded as if you found your lost twin brother !
there are some uninformed voters but i think many are now catching on to what &apos;s happening in our government .
push them harder tom !
because he thinks we &apos;re all stupid enough to believe him .
you are a disgrace and a traitor !
i understand being the people of utah &apos;s voice , but if we have no country your voice for utah won &apos;t matter .
listed below are what the ratings were a few months ago !
mr. ryan , make no mistake .
i am not seeing the action start legal matters on this president for treason .
you are unworthy of the post you hold and a total embarrassment to the republican party as well as the citizens of this great country .
since when does emperor obama care about the constitution ?
people like you senator enzi will not be happy til every buck has been squeezed from the last tree , open grassland and rocks .
last year , i donated to many christian charities and now the irs is holding up my refund .
so mr. paul , what have you done today to remove the illegal alien pretending to be president ?
surely , the republicans can find someone better then devos .
john mccain called him that .
in obama &apos;s administration , this seems to be a requirement for employment .
in 2012 gov christie could have walked into the white house ; now in 2016 gov christie can only hope someone picks him as their vp . &quot;
how about getting the flag to fly half mast at the white house .
america needs a patriot like you !
no deductions or credits .
no amnesty for these law breaking illegals .
you and sen. tillis had the best seats in the house !
@ mike , i so agree with you ! !
jenkins , just remove obama name from obamacare and substitute universalhealth ( care ) and that will satisfy a lot of people .
sadly you are a weak candidate for the republican party .
pray you are right about that .
i am ashamed of my 2 senators voting for cloture against the people of georgia &apos;s wishes !
he wants to eliminate it entirely ,
obama is good at shutting jobs down , not so good at finding them .....
pray for him to resign
you voted for boehner and went against what we , your voters asked you to do .
they represent the people of sc .
how about cut out unconstitutional spending entirely or over a 5 year time frame ... first repeal the 16th amendment
in addition to our own christian histroy / heritage , we are connected to israel .
you need to watch those videos again , sir .
you certainly let the people of georgia down today by voting to fund obama care .
business as usual by rinos and dems
gowdy has to uncover the truth no matter where it goes .
so are all of congress and sente members and their famiies exempt from obama care
excellent job dr paul !
i see a veto pen ! !
president ben carson ! ! ! ! !
charlie , even though bho signed the order for the pay raises , isn &apos;t it up to congress to fund them ?
ok , now lets defund the dept of education , dept of interior , the epa , obamacare , end the fed and these http : / / www.usa.gov / agencies / federal / all _ agencies / index.shtml , budget problem solved !
amen to you congressman love !
people don &apos;t have a flag problem .
where was perdue and other gop blowhards when bush lost 5 million emails .
do something right your last few years in office , or we the people will remove you and graham and any of your other traitorous comrades .
and the president said in no uncertain terms he would veto any attempt to get around it .
i agree he had his chance
rand paul did more good , and gave me more hope , last night than i &apos;ve had in a long time .
my prayers are with the families of the victims &amp; the people of charleston .
walt , ron paul has as a few gif ideas but you said it right when you said if his policies are enacted .
amen tom cotton !
marco , please save us !
no authoriy ! ...
no bipartisanship ?
i was the one who asked about constitutional carry .
sir all these scandals are awful .. obamacare will destroy this country ... a train wreck coming ...
you need to get on the same plane as killery and obama
ok , what next sir .
shame that you are a rino .
last time a bill came up with this vague sounding name it was the patriot act .
&#91; 15 &#93; various idaho media outlets were critical of crapo &apos;s arrest , particularly in light of the temperance beliefs of his religion .
i &apos;m thankful we have men like trey gowdy in government .
i share all your posts , bruce !
i am with rubio all the way !
good luck with that marco but i have a feeling the president wont work with congress he has already tasted the sweetness of the executive order just take a look at how many he has already signed .
government can help companies with health care by lowering taxes on business and give us our freedom back .
we already know that and you wimps in dc do nothing about it .
keep taking on the left , mia .
mccain can &apos;t be trusted on either side .
no vote on devos or it will be a no vote on your re-election .
mike has always been a staunch advocate of his constituency and does not sell out or compromise his values regardless of party !
math has nothing to do with republican or democrat , conservative or liberal .
i would vote for trey gowdy for president and support his campaign .
don &apos;t send them anything , like some one said , &quot; let them hate us for nothing &quot; !
can we recall speaker boehner and leader mcconnell since they &apos;ve outright lied to get elected ?
if you actually watched those hearings and think she &apos;s qualified , then you clearly aren &apos;t qualified for your position either .
ron paul delegates played all of the rules , and were not allowed to present their candidate !
i repeat ..... if congress will impeach obama and joe becomes our president , at least we will get some comedic relief and maybe the e.o.
maybe this is why impeachment proceedings has not been enacted .
the republican house passed a bill getting rid of oversight committees so it will give the president more dictatorial powers than ever before in history .
say no to renewal of overreaching , 2nd amendment unfriendly patriot act .
obama and dem &apos;s represent illegals , cartels and unspeakably evil islamic terrorists such as the muslim bro .
john mccain , please be the maverick that i think you really are and stand up to this administration .
an admission of guilt to all of it &apos;s crimes it &apos;s resignation and it &apos;s acceptance of its death sentence .
we the people want a balanced approach with revenues and spending cuts .
very disappointed johnny .
pass a budget and protect the constitution .
i think its time congress started negotiateing wit the american people and impeach the piece of crap
i only wish our senators from idaho would have stood with you ... disappointing .
cut the government off !
it is way past time and maybe too late
mr. buchanan should delist the author such antics .
she is unqualified and you not seeing that and not standing up for the public school students in nc is despicable !
3. daily cod flights to aircraft carriers that originated from our bases within vietnam during that era , sometimes 3 or 4 flights per day .
the worst part is that odumba probably agreed with his socialist views .
you swore an oath when you took office to protect the constitution from tyranny .
i think i can understand the reasoning behind the president thumbing his nose at the american public .
why are you so afraid of facing your constituents in a town hall setting ? ? ? ? ?
senator ben sasse and senator deb fischer it is time to think for yourselves and make the right choices .
this administration has done much more wrong than president nixon .
i am so frustrated with you , mr. isakson !
you are right , continue to oppose this ... mcminnville , tn .
ronald reagan was the last stand up respectable politician this country has seen !
no one in dc is standing up to him .
taxes are going to go up , and it looks like they &apos;ll be few if any spending reductions .
look at john mccain on my facebook page !
lets not only repeal it but replace it with meaningful health care legislation .
i like what you said but the only way to change anything is to get rid of the lobbies and anyone in congress that has been there more than to terms that is the only way to fix it and both parties are guilt of being crooks period \
the old guard will never receive another penny from this republican .
keep fighting the good fight mia ! !
that is what our governments wants our dependency on the government to make his plan work .
we are not talking about individuals sir .
i know a guy that has refused a job so that he can continue to receive govt benefits .
no need to say more ! ! !
nice try , should have backed him months ago .
stand your ground don &apos;t buckle defund obamacare
may god bless you in your endeavors .
and sen. paul , what did the cuban people get in these deal ?
obama is blowing sand .
praying that the lord will send rain to the drought stricken areas of our country .
should have been done along time ago , we &apos;ll wait to see the results or if it &apos;s just hot air .
your vote today has proven that now you too are and enemy of the constitution .
i have no hope !
god bless you tim ! !
poe for president !
sen. rand one of the exceptions .
from the birth certificate , bengahzi , irs and obamacare
no pay increases to representatives or senators until a balanced budget is achieved .
he is ruining our country and everything that goes along with it including every last one of our liberties and freedoms .
ga senators saxby chambliss and https : / / www.facebook.com / isakson have both voted aye ( yes ) today on cloture on the debate over the house-passed year-end funding bill ( h.j.res.59 ) .
if you wanna stand up for something , then stand up for us and all of the billions that we generate for your district while not being paid properly by the places that we work .
he misses one half of his morning security briefings per wh reports .
if the potus thinks he can just sign an order , then why can &apos;t the members of the senate and house do the same .
when are we going to impeach this guy and get our country back
i pray that there will come a time that we will have you ( hopefull ) or at least a man like you for president .
if you would do your job which is be a voice for the people you represent and abide by the constitution obama and obama care would be impeached and everything he signed null and void .
lindsey would make a much better president than many of those so-called front runners .... especially trump and carson .
pass a clean cr and stop the bs .
we need to stop spending .
thanks john , for never having the guts to serve your country in uniform , even though you could have .
why mr. graham , do you say that it is &quot; fortunate &quot; that background checks will not be expanded ... what is lurking in your background that would prevent you from exercising your 2nd amendment rights ?
yay mia ! !
if mo wins his primary in 2016 , and you vote against him in the general election , then you aren &apos;t a conservative at all .
working americans through taxes produce the income that the government has to budget and spend .
ever time we saw dave obey , we thought , you &apos;re fired !
trump has a replacement plan ready to give congress as soon as his secretaries are all confirmed
thanks , mr lankford .
how about a real town hall meeting ?
tom mcclintock is a great man - one politican we need to keep !
john 4 : 24 whoever does not love does not know god , because god is love .
west and rubio are the future , lets get them in 2016 !
i hope you can stop our muslim dictator at all cost .
how did the gop go from mccain to trump ? ? ? ?
rock the boat &amp; go johnny go ! !
why don &apos;t you shut your filthymouth i have lost all respect for you and your comment about donald trump and his hands , you are not funny or cute mr rubio .
your fb site should be &quot; mia love fox news ii &quot; .
i appreciate your posts and your stand for jesus !
the republican party has had more opportunities to do something about this president , but you fold every freaking time .
and to your second post mary , she has no plan other than to say obama has no plan , her next set of talking points have not been faxed to her yet so she has little or nothing to say .
i watched the entire debate .
you continue to make the south and the people of georgia look horrible .
love of country and the constitution cannot be wrong .
if they are capable , they should be allowed to be in combat .
i expect rand paul to discuss what rand paul &apos;s stance is on any given issue .
either your a loyalist corrupted patriot or a freedom constitutional patriot .
call mccrory and ask him what happens when you stop doing what is right for nc but cower to the far right .
i pray for you all every day .
may blame us but obama is really responsible .
obama is making enemies very quickly and having a veteran as an enemy is not a good thing .
the problem is , the liberals are leaving with the conservatives and the liberals are moving to traditionally conservative states and messing up the laws and taxes in the process .
merry christmas from port st. lucie , florida
you guys in washington are so out of touch with americans ,
i &apos;m sure if you showed any interest in raising taxes on the richest americans obama would b happy to send a plan
support the texas plan , please , rep. poe !
those trashing ted are simply jealous .
happy independence day rep. love !
after voting for that budget bil you need to pray
the aca or obamacare is unconstitutional .
ok there is your answer .... foreign affairs are just that foreign affairs i do not see usa in there anywhere ... just a humble opinion ..
a do nothing congress should get no pay .. they should start by throwing every illegal invader and their illegal kids out of here .
there has been reports of these drones being used to spy and invade american &apos;s privacy as well .
why does obama put illegal aliens ahead of americans .
how about you showing up to vote on issues lindsey
keep on them sir don &apos;t give them one inch
it &apos;s time to recognize that obama is a socialist .
lol james lankford the epa is destroying the energy market by making it impossible for energy companies to build new affordable refineries .
many feel the entire republican party is a total failure .
it takes the effort of more than senator graham to push through the laws that will make us a better country .
if my co-worker voted for obama , i would divorce him !
now instead of personal obama bashing by them and trying to stop his administration from doing anything , they can demonstrate that congress and executive branch will work together for us .
who is the big government big spending candidate ?
no government loans ! ! ! ! !
where in the constitution does it give &quot; government &quot; the power to control healthcare ?
don &apos;t care what he thinks
now that saxby chambliss has sent in his retirement announcement , i &apos;d like johnny isakson to do the same .
jerry moran has drank the senate koolaide , and thinks he can hide behind the rhino mccain .
we &apos;re with you here in iowa , rand !
a flat tax would certainly encourage spending and investment too !
dude , if you keep making paul rand show up on my news feed you &apos;re blocked ; ) i think this whole drone thing is a bit of paranoia .
i supported you before you deceided not to support the republican nominee , now i hope you are one that will loose your job if hillary is elected .
the corruption of this administration is beyond belief !
what would jesus do ? ?
he has only one thing to lose by being unconstitutional .
anyone on here slamming paul for his comments is not very well educated .
it is because of the spending that we are in this predicament .
pass a clean cr and raise the debt limit before you do anything else .
2 ) impeachable offenses by obama have been committed during the last four years – egregious and unconstitutional power grabs , blatant disregard for the rule of law , treasonous actions , etc .
there are going to be more people without insurance than before if we do not rescind obamacare .
no , this obama plan is for everyone except the elected officials in d.c.
--- the ballot box in 2010 will not be the last voice in this campaign to stop the expansion of government authority over us ; the supreme court will do that .
great american god bless you !
make them cave .
we put our faith in our god .
stay strong , tom !
have we not learned nothing , sir ?
both parties should take senator mccain &apos;s leadership role and defend what is right &amp; just for our country .
i hope the republican party is paying attention !
no chance
mr. o takes liberties , with our liberties .
semper fi , senator mccain
ahhh , congressman gowdy , i think you know that this list would be more likely to be enforced simply because of the fact that to be put on a no fly list is easy and indiscriminate .
just like obama and the epa putting legislation in to stop lead production ?
i &apos;m also proud of the example of a great leader of the people for our state that you have been tim scott !
get off social media and do something about sir ! ! !
it is a shame we cannot take away all power from this administration now !
the president is not allowed to have any control over our federal funds .
yes it is clear and the answer is rand paul .
sell it somewhere else , with all due respect mr. isakson .
he will keep overstepping his authority until he is stopped and not just a little slap on the hands .
instead of this administration apologizing for upsetting muslims , let &apos;s ask : &quot; what would reagan do ?
i cant wait for 2012 ... i voted mccain and would do it again .
i believe engaging any communist country is communist friendly , thus communistic .
so this is a case of too little , too late , georgia senators .
if you can find the among my tax dollars the money to pay staffers to draft 140 bills to repeal obamacare , you can darn well find the money to take care of the first responders who sacrificed everything to save lives in the wake of 9 / 11 .
why aren &apos;t you impeaching , tom ?
the politicians pass the bill everybody pats them on the back and they give it little to no funding so it can never be truly effective anyways .
have you seen this number on his communist membership card # 5570347 ?
kool aid drinker he sold out his belief in this plan you all are living for ... he &apos;s a liar an a crook- if he sided without romney once he will sell you out everytime he is a politician not a god .
the first thing is to repeal the patriot act .
you and ryan will have tough primaries if you have a paul nehlen type of candidate here in florida .
people like mccain , graham , mcconnell and reid , pelosi and the rest of their buddies .
too little too late speaker ! !
thanks scott someone really is on our side out here , bless you !
i like you john thune .
what you guys don &apos;t care about is what &quot; we the people &quot; , the republican voters wanted and that was donald trump .
there was no immigration in 1952. it was shut down .
repeal repeal repeal !
i pray that this happens ... we need to take care of our own first .
the only thing our tsa caught on their own this year was a sock monkey pistol of a 6 year old !
we shall be praying with you as you are on the battle field for the very breath of this nation .
don &apos;t raise the debt limit !
the liberal sheeple have no clue what is going on in this country !
this is another reason why libertarian views are distorted , you have no idea when foreign policies are in play , period
if obummer and reid think that they are taking something else away from us while blaming it on the republicans , maybe they will finally close this toooooooo ............
even better idea no taxes
why are we allowing illegal aliens to stay here illegally ?
no , lindsey .
no amnesty to illegals allowed .
it &apos;s been over 30 years since we &apos;ve had tax rates that high and it &apos;s obviously not necessary : we had a balanced budget under clinton , just have appropriate graduated taxation and the economy benefits , and we balance the budget .
but , if congress would stand up and repeal bad law ; not &quot; fix &quot; bad law , and defund the mess , we &apos;d be better off .
we stand with rand paul .
the gun didn &apos;t do it and the flag didn &apos;t do it .
give &apos; em hell , mr king !
the patriot act would make our founding fathers puke in their boots .
they wont start out paying taxes is my understanding
i &apos;m quite sure he will cave and do the latter .
beck , you support cruz why do you never share posts which extoll his virtues , what he can accomplish .
i can &apos;t do it , paul .
how about mr mcclintock ?
rand paul / trey gowdy 2016 : http : / / www.bing.com / videos / search ? q = trey + gowdy + youtube &amp; mid = 97b9fb7ec9ca1181b12997b9fb7ec9ca1181b129 &amp; view = detail &amp; form = vire5 &#91; &#91; share &#93; &#93;
the voters should have a group retirement party for chris christie , john mccain and lindsey graham .
great idea mr. isakson = vote &quot; present &quot; ! ! ! ! !
you &apos;re in luck mia - you can rest easy .
no more war senator unless you are sending your son .
you did not make the list of those ousting boehner .
i had you right up there with trey gowdy on my young republican dream team .
i am docent for the reagan ranch center .
i hope yall stick to this
the only appropriate location for that flag is in the trash heap , along with the nazi flag .
happy thanksgiving to you and your family , i am praying for you .
itt : people who love obamacare but live in another district .
&#91; 161 &#93; reagan described the new debt as the &quot; greatest disappointment &quot; of his presidency .
we don &apos;t need nor do we want our children and grandchildren taught communist indoctrinated common core garbage .
if a sensible middle of the road candidacy can &apos;t be constructed in the time available , you might have to use what is - the established libertarian party , which we may hope will again nominate a man of personal probity and proven competence in high elective office - gary johnson .
these taxes were passed only with democrat votes , no republican votes , but you did nothing to defund this mess !
we have a problem with a president who is not a man of god and who has surrounded himself with people of like mind and lack of faith .
as much as i wanted marco to be the candidate , it is what it is but trump needs the expertise of your knowledge in these matters please get on board
mr. walden needs to move on .
i do not like those that have to start with a little joking before they get to the question and then back off !
since when is an eagle a &quot; wacko bird &quot; ?
it is not fair that obamacare is being pushed on the american people yet the president has made several exemptions for capital hill to not go under obamacare .
megyn kelly should be fired .
obama has turned into a dictator , and no one has the guts to stand up to him .
in fact , you had some tax payment issues yourself .
dr steinman ... i define it by how the socialists define it , the 1928 socialist party platform ... &amp; i &apos;ll add the 10 pillars of the communist manifesto for good measure !
hill rat said turner was for shutting down if obamacare was not repealed .
ronald reagan every damn day .
when we agree to raise taxes and cut spending , the taxes are raised but many of the cuts do not happen because they are up to future congress to implement .
gowdy will then have to leave the hillary clinton investigation if he takes on the role of speaker , but i do agree he would be the best choice to be the speaker .
mia , you do realize that the keystone xl pipeline will only create a few thousand jobs in the u.s. during its construction and only a few hundred maintaining it after its built .
the federal reserve has been printing 86 billion a month and buying bonds .
we conservatives want what &apos;s right for our country !
i &apos;ll always stand with a leader and patriot
past leaders should have been doing this all along .
but it is a flag designed because northern states were trampling on southern states rights .
a sad day for north carolina and the usa .
to all those asking for their &quot; free &quot; obamacare - government doesn &apos;t give us anything .
this land belongs to we the people !
hey , little marco - now that you &apos;re on your knees , perhaps the size of mr. trump &apos;s hands becomes more important ?
however , i agree that the administration has not stated a clear end goal - so a no vote on this first resolution is appropriate .
take the ones at our base to the white house and put them out on his lawn .
give it up mike .
i look up to you , senator scott .
why don &apos;t you and the rest of your cronies pay attention to what obama &apos;s doing to our country and get rid of him ? ?
if the toddler-in-chief will hire additional people to shut down war memorials on the national mall , rather than leaving them open as they were , imagine what happens if there is a budget crisis again and obamacare is fully implemented !
i voted for you to support conservative values in a republic .
we don &apos;t care what you think traitor !
i &apos;ve listened to mcclintock .
obama is the worst nightmare in the history of the united states ! he must be charged for treason asap !
he should have been voted out of office when he said that .
but hey , a feel good letter to the leader of a church is exactly why we send you to washington .
doing that and permanently slashing taxes are the only things that will help the economy recover .
congressman reichert didn &apos;t do much for the working stiffs in this district during his last term .
of course he supports his dad .
so , does rand need a pizza sent his way ?
the majority of &quot; we &quot; have let their views be known and to date , nothing is done , except more asinine questions and more inaction from you and your fellow congressmen .
impeach the president for aiding the enemy ... it &apos;s &quot; treason &quot; as written in the constitution ! ! !
he knows he is above the law !
i agree mike .
# slimshadygraham ... sir / ma &apos;am you are an embarrassment to south carolina !
praying for all amen !
so impeach obama already
ya too late ryan .... your not ok with me
from article below : &quot; voters sent a clear message to socially conservative republicans on tuesday , electing democrats over candidates with extreme anti-abortion positions even in states where romney won comfortably .
we the people get to keep our money and the government must set its budget according to projected revenue ! ! ! ! !
give it up , pass the budget , and cut your ties with the extremists in the right wing .
where are they now as the president uses our system of checks and balances and exercises power granted under the constitution
these military men and women are trained with weapons , duh !
the tax code should be for generating revenue .
i had a lot of respect for you mr. mccain but i am slowly losing it .
gowdy love mode activated
he asked , referring to the newly elected senate majority leader and the house speaker .
surely in the south we could do alot more with solar power ! !
might have made a difference a couple months ago .
all of senate needs to answer for betrying constitution , if we had real doj
marsha blackburn jeb hensarling .
trump and christie have littel to no integrity .
or at least has a no confidence vote held ?
seems like paying the irs is like paying on a 20 % interest credit card with no way of ever paying it off when you cant even afford to pay the interest .
spending on stuff we don &apos;t need like robotic squirrels .
we were not muslim , we were not buddhist we were with god , for he is the answer .
as commander-in-chief , he gave the orders to locate bin laden , and execute the operation , unlike former president george w. bush .
god bless you and all those who have reelected you .
time to cut obamas cord don &apos;t raise debt , shut the government down and he have to create jobs then to get revenue it is not rocket science ?
the entire senate nearly just voted to fund americas enemies tonight .
tom , my intent is not to hijack this thread , but who is being held responsible for this ? !
&quot; the a-10 is a 40-year-old single-purpose airplane originally designed to kill enemy tanks on a cold war battlefield , &quot; hagel said .
plus i know paul ryan pushed for this which is a shocker i thought he was one of the good guys .
looks like sc might have a bunch democratic congressional members come next election .
the real traitors are bush and obama and their thugs , oh , i meant their administrations .
as long as our troops do not get gassed we have no care of what assad does .
let &apos;s not reward folks who break our immigration laws , plain &amp; simple .
clearly you don &apos;t like the aca , so find a way to either repeal it or reform it .
stand and fight , it is time that there are distinctions between old guard republicans and true conservatives .
did it occur to you that obama does not want to lower unemployment ?
isn &apos;t that god &apos;s job ?
your a little too late to the party !
mr buchanan i suppot your views on this .
@ bae jae ho graham represents sc , not the usa .
run , marco , run ... the climate for your candidacy gets better every day .
elect rand paul for president in 2016 .
well dr. paul , please don &apos;t just say this to get elected but do it ..... i can &apos;t vote for you yet , but i would as clearly your a patriot .
you all in congress keep voting for the wars they fight and the defense contractor pork along with it .
i call on you to denounce the dangerous deal that ronald reagan made with the iranians forty years ago .
we may not understand it but god has a plan .
further evidence that government should never be trusted .
he has enough money to do it .
get rid of obama would help !
he needs to be arrested for treason , thrown in jail and impeached .
i am a sc resident and couldn &apos;t oppose her appointment more .
rand , this is too logical a choice for washington .
why doesn &apos;t congress just stop borrowing to pay for two unfunded wars and bring the troops home or raise taxes so my children don &apos;t have to pay for it .
our gift from a risen lord ! ! !
guess you should have to suffer under my rino marsha blackburn .
congressman jason chaffetz is one of the good guys .
even if rand does not win , i still want a candidate that will honor and uphold the constitution .
please reconsider and vote how georgians want you to .
regrettably is is not a debate about freedom and socialism .
no i do not support raising the debt ceiling !
just say no and defund obamacare ! !
this was especially true when we were meddling in egypt between the &apos; 30s and the early &apos; 80s .
republican party has an major opportunity to slam liberalism into the muddy mire they created ... do it !
there is no time to be weak in these times.on the other hand obama is buying up armaments .
rep. mchenry vietnam veterans of america - positions 100 % terry .
clemson 56 , wake forest 7 ! !
we have got to elect more conservative senators next time and take back the senate .
why is it that the very first thing conservatives focus on is the 2nd amendment , and the free speech part of the 1st , but continuously try to get rid of the religious freedom part of the 1st ? ? ?
obama is our worst president to date .
better yet , completely do away with the irs and go to a flat tax at the cash register and this won &apos;t happen again
senator lindsey graham has started horribly .
its sheer stupidity , and the republicans in congress do not care about the government employees , the people trying to get permits , or the functionality of government !
senator , your rant against rand paul who showed courage to stand up for right and wrong in regards to drone policy of obama and the doj show that you are nothing but a sell out coward !
the folks that determine the ratings are mostly those who think like obama , not traditional americans .
kenny i appreciate your stance on this matter but unfortunately there are other elected officials who are already watering at the mouth ( pardon the pun ) to abuse the information that is collected see the video at http : / / m.youtube.com / # / watch ? v = eia1lqbqh1s &amp; desktop _ uri = % 2fwatch % 3fv % 3deia1lqbqh1s
need tax reform , border control , take away passports and citizenship from people going abroad to become terrorists , ( no brainer ) , education state control , repeal and replace obomacare , investigate irs , state department , should be working not lollygagging ....
thom tillis , all the way ! !
the answer is not more progressivity in the tax code , but a flat tax with a standard deduction at the poverty line , etc . , etc ... i appreciate your persistence my friend , but the facts are irrefutable .
i would also say a federal sales tax and get rid of the income tax and a large portion of the irs .
it &apos;s time for new blood in the republican party ! .. go rand ! !
tom , it seems to me that you &apos;re implying obamy can be trusted ... nope !
in feb . 2012 the house passed the issue--despite the fact that obama is in the white house--but it died in senate committee last year .
remember the republicans that failed the people &apos;s nominee and vote them out !
i am so proud to be watching senator enzi right now !
mr. mcclintock - please don &apos;t let hilary get away with the lies she told to the american people about benghazi .
screw you mccain , you and the rest of the rhinos need to be removed .
now you back him you idiot !
nice work , rep. elise stefanik .
i think you and the team fighting against eric holder are doing an outstanding job .
were praying for you capt .
wher were you and your like when george bush and that crowd were really screwing things up ? ? ? ? ? ?
the flag did not kill 9 people a deranged nut did .
tn , and we do not want amnesty for illegals we are tired of being sold out by elected officials like lamar alexander , bob corker just to name a few , oh and we do not want obamacare or nsa spying on us .
13 headquarters businesses went south and billions of tax dollars lost , but this was sold as a agriculture bill .
has &quot; we the people &quot; lost its meaning and intent ?
no comment .....
we need more conservatives in d.c. just like you .
rubio , bush , carson and kasich totally impressed me .
the people of the city of charleston have so beautifully shown how that coming together could look like in america .
these are refugee children who are turning themselves in to border patrol and deserve due process under the law .
mr. gowdy , please seriously consider a run for president .
my family quit watching broadcast tv after the media voted obama in .
the feds don &apos;t know how to do anything right except spend money .
deb , as i recall , clinton tax advisers considered a one time 15 % across the board tax on all our pretax savings in 401ks / iras .
i &apos;m interested to hear mitch &apos;s opinion on defending our borders and on isis
you can prove holder is lying .
i am amazed at this outrage on benghazi .
the public is more concerned with enertainment tonight to care about what this administration is doing to their liberties .
securing our borders would be a great place to start !
i &apos;d rather see us repeal the idiocracy of the last 30 years of a failed republican and conservative movement which has brought this country to its knees and has made us the laughing stock of the free world ...
praying our nation will thrive under our new leaders .
you and the rnc have let him do this on his own ! ! !
to gain support from conservative republicans who have been reluctant to back any more short-term extensions of these expiring items , leaders tacked on two bills that house republicans passed this year that they say will help create jobs .
it allows companies to hire the illegals with no medical expense to the company .
i &apos;m sharing and praying for you from all the way over here in texas !
no one seems to come to our aid when we are in trouble- katriina , for example .
so , little barry soetoro will de-fund our troops ?
your views of mrs. devos point to why nc is falling behind in education .
a paul ryan endorsement is likely to send any non-rino ito your opponent .
when putin looks more competent than our president ... maybe its time we impeach !
i know that our other big spending congressmen in this state did , didn &apos;t you vote to add trillions to our deficit ?
any future funding conversations should include balanced budget requirement .
is this the same type business rep mchenry and rep eric cantor removed from the senate version of the insider trade bill ? )
where in the constitution does it say we should have a fema to help people who don &apos;t insure themselves ?
when people like the gitmo prisoners were put in civilian prisons , the prisons were attacked by their followers , many died .
sure , do not continue the unconstitutional patriot act .
sounds good trey doesn &apos;t it ? ?
jefferson and reagan would agree .
... now ... what &apos;s holding things up is obamacare .
well there was a beheading in oklahoma that no one seems to be talking about .
when we give up freedom for security we deserve neither .
conservative review gives ryan an &quot; f &quot; rating .
the only news media to truly investigate the ron paul newsletters wxix cincinnati investigated for 3 weeks and found the author of one of the newsletters and similarities between the other 8. this research supports dr. paul .
he hates america and christians ! !
i agree hope its not to late to vote them out of office , and then fire the rest , did they not take an oath to protect tne constitution .
congratulations , johnny and dianne !
he needs to go spend a few days with our men over seas maybe then we could leave him there ? ?
and yet nothing will happen cause all of their supporters will just claim its the new norm ..... wake up america this administration needs to go to prison for their actions ..... the rest of us would already be lock up for actions like that ....
talk is cheap and &quot; we the people &quot; are not stupid .
i love this mcclintock
obama is an embarrassment to this country , along with the small percentage of people who still follow his majesty .
now he is caving on our 2nd amendment !
what are you doing to make sure boehner and mcconnell don &apos;t cave ?
tim , please reread your post and try to learn some english .
reduce the salaries of the congressmen and the president and show the american people that reducing the national debt starts at home .
then get on board with the people &apos;s choice for gop .
appreciate your wyoming common-sense .
shut the border down first then worry about all these illegals .
defund ocare , stand to impeach this scandal ridden potus , abolish the corrupt irs , restore the constitution !
tell me rand , when can i start campaigning for you in florida ?
sorry congressman you lost my vote next election .
we love hearing our elected representatives stand up for us for a change !
our constitution is a minister for our good .
the economy performed better under clinton , who raised taxes on the rich , than it did under either reagan or bush .
stand tall for paul !
marco gave a stunning speech ...
where did john sign those documents that obama could sign to trash &quot; we the people ? &quot;
senator ben sasse you should have represented your party from the start .
impeachment charges appear in order : &quot; president obama &apos;s decision to unilaterally change the immigration laws of this country demonstrates a growing boldness to rule as if he were an ancient monarch .
wake up and look mr. sasse , if you have any integrity left .
dear senator john mccain , please stand up and pledge not to fund obama care .
explain that the cops arent gonna be hunting down mexicans ... but that now that the police have the authority to send someone back that is not legally a citizen w all the correct paperwork , since that authority did not exist before .
maybe if people in government were doing the jobs the constitution gives them the right to do we would not need all of these redundant &quot; acts &quot; that end up filled with pork that do nothing but harm us and erode more of our liberties .
so well put , rand .
you guys messed it up , you fix it , and i really dont care if you have to turn the capitol into a mall and the white house into a bed and breakfast to do it .
we must consider why obummer wants these evil combatants on american soil ? ? ? !
thanks senator barasso ... my only prayer is that there were more like you - god bless america !
what you all deserve is obamacare and the rest of us deserve to be free from obamacare and the rest of the sewage-like policies that spew from dc
americans will advertise all those who voted in favor and deem them traitors and guilty of crimes against the united states !
the gop has failed to secure our borders , stop obama and his plans to bring syrian refugees here .
because that would be being an adult ... if obamacare is so damn good why wont obama and his family take sign up ...... seems like he should be setting an example and have the government the first to sign up .... oh that right it socks .
start impeachment when the 114th congress takes over and send a message that you are doing something about it to the potus and the american people .
obama had his cronies hamper tea party groups for the 2012 elections , but it won &apos;t happen again !
obama has done enough damage to the country already .
impeach the stupid sob and get on with things already .
pay attention to the military advisors or we will wish we had / they have been correct so far and obama chooses to think he is wiser when the closest to the military he has even been is when he rides on our air force one ! ! !
she is not the only one to blame for that tax fiasco .
out-of-control spending .
trey do something please !
and joni , when i cast my vote for you it is with expectation you will continue the battle to return us to the constitutional republic we were designed to be .
i like what yer saying but we don &apos;t have time to get results a year from now join the real patriots ted cruz and those on his side and take emergency action of some kind .
the rnc and mr. romney began criticizing the president before all the facts were in and it could be determined that our embassies were safe .
i think separating dhs funding from amnesty is the right thing to do .
go jump off a cliff
as you know from other senator portman let us down .
and we will all pray for your success !
ain &apos;t no way washington would send their new tax revenue to the states .
how many more americans need to die , before something is done about the border situation ?
not to muddy the waters here any further , but this shutdown all started off of defunding obamacare .
we trust that u sir will be looking out for people an defund obumas care
i had a lot of respect for reagan .
and vote no on betsy devos while you &apos;re at it .
terry - great example of a federal bureauocracy screw up - the irs and the tax code .
there were candidates like you mentioned .
don &apos;t forget about the emails from the obama admin that said to make it painful on purpose .... how about some impeachment articles congressman ?
repeal this mess , and impeach everyone who voted for a bill they hadn &apos;t read .
i think graham is obsessed with benghazi .
y &apos;all talking about pot ?
i don &apos;t believe that the president wants to do anything about isis .
they can give themselves a pay raise but cannot cut spending
he has been doing this for the past year , if not gtmo , the immigration and he does what he wants .
ted poe needs to be our president !
it is just one more sign that he needs to be replaced .
shut down the irs and the federal reserve .
and the only way the trust fund can get some cash to pay social security benefits is if the federal government draws it from general revenues or borrows the money — which , of course , it can &apos;t do because of the debt ceiling .
the epa is not allowed under the us constitution .
there are only 20 patriots in the house of representatives .
god bless this country and god bless you , mr. lankford .
mccarthy is a vote for boehner .
however i do not agree with you mr. mccain .
i will not vote for senator sasse .
i &apos;m mean really ... re read the constitution and do your job .
impeach everyone of the crony of obummer administration and put them in the jail and seized their assets and pay down the debts that they racks up .
amen , senator scott !
bravo mia love !
i am ashamed of other republican senators ( particularly my texas state senators john cornyn and ted cruz ) and their willingness to turn their backs on american values .
if you vote for cloture you own obamacare .
over half the country just wants to tread water .
so did my mind and that of many other fellow south carolinians about supporting your campaign !
sorry sir but you are not the conservative i thought you were .
you are doing great marsha .
why aren &apos;t we talking about your 10 point border security plan you promised during your campaign ?
nero played the fiddle while rome burned and mc cain played on line poker while syria burned .....
justin awesome howabout a cr that makes congress and prez 0 , not exempt from obamacare care , and no pay to congress or obama til cr is resolved .
the republican party in congress should have already done something to rebuke this desperately awful attempt to disenfranchise permanent residents of this country .
the sob in our wh puts them before veterans ... talk about it ... !
we need to get obama out of office before he runs america down the drain , or sells us to his muslim brotherhood .
i recognize your service to our state and nation but i would add impeach obama
your support for this republican candidate should have been unshaken from the very beginning .
for the president , money comes from a federal fund set aside for candidates .
! that &apos;s why we pay taxes , for us not them !
arrest him ; breaking the law again and again
why does he have the power to ruin our constitution and nothing is being done about it .... ?
trolling on the page of an elected congressman in no way changes the reality that obamacare has been an utter disaster for anyone who works for a living .
you have honored the men you died in benghazi .
isakson is a traitor to republicans .
that is , until obama set the entire middle east on fire with benghazi hillary , and then sat back .
did you overlook the freedoms that will be given up ?
i support a fair tax that abolishes the irs and everyone pays .
until we get rid of the spenders like the obummas it won &apos;t matter how much we save they will just give it away or find a vacation to spend it on !
&quot; the prospect of a trump presidency is also worrisome to me , &quot; senator rubio wrote in the statement , &quot; it is no secret that i have significant disagreements with donald trump .
she is absolutely not qualified to make those decisions .
a lot of people have taken hits on their insurance premiums and the reason they are given is because of obuma care .
you should be trying to impeach .
oh , good lord , ben and steph .
we need more elected officials standing up for what the founding fathers were willing to die for !
we need real reform and this is a chance for true conservatives to do what is right for america .
off topic trey but why aren &apos;t our military ballots counted ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
she is no where near qualified and you know it .
if you &apos;ve ever visited his washington dc office , he proudly displays an oosik on the front of his desk .
we need you to stand up for our children &apos;s future and against the establishment gop .
you &apos;re in south dakota .
jeff if the border is not secured we all lose .
rand you have my vote !
michael , i agree with you , but i think obama is our greatest threat and we need to deal with that right now !
well , i would say nothing but treasonous politicians in washington ! ! ! !
now will come the debates on the debt ceiling .
and congress does nothing to stop anything .
but no now we have to just wait till 2016 and hopefully rand paul can win this thing
im praying for that we will see if they have enough guts to stand up for the people
i stand with rand paul ... you didn &apos;t !
obama is above the law don &apos;t you all know .
my opinion only , free speech , core of the constitution ! !
obama is one sorry &quot; thing &quot; to be called president of this great country ! ! !
god bless you gentlemen for standing up for the constitution ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
and your voting record shows that you are not worthy to represent the true conservatives of sc .
god bless you rand paul , you are a true american ! ! !
represent the people that put you where you are , and get the others there to start doing what they should as well , including standing for the constitution not on top of it .
illegals may break our laws .
some wmd have been found since but there has been little said about it in the liberal media .
he has betrayed his constituents who have asked him repeatedly to say no to clotuure .
i &apos;m very disappointed in both senators from tennessee .
you republicans who did not support the republican candidate should be ashamed ... he did this alone !
i think states need to completely clear their states from federal gov and seize their lands back and not trust big government to totally control them .
please pass the zadroga act and support our 911 first responders !
ask your speaker for a clean bill to vote on .
the previous president took on isis and they lost serious ground .
? hmmm so was it the dvd player or the playstation that just sent twinty fully loaded f-16 jets and 200 tanks to egypt .
&quot; no free man shall ever be debarred the use of arms . &quot;
senator mccain , you took an oath as a military man and congress critter to uphold our constitution .
@ tom k , about 50 % of income tax filers do not owe income tax , but most people who work pay the payroll tax .
mccain hates the usa and is only in congress for the money .
there are so many ways to cut government spending but noone up there wants to loose their pocket change .
this is impeachable , he is arming known terrorists , and people like john mccain should be impeached as well &quot;
since when do you side with him in removing fellow conservatives from leadership positions ?
you got guts rand i respect you very much .
so i really don &apos;t understand you logic on this rand paul .
senator mccain , please do not give in to this undemocratic president .
it is like they are coming first and we americans come second in our own land .
is it fair the farmers alone are providing all the food for the welfare programs and supporting the schools by themselves through land taxes ? ? ? ?
........ i am elated to hear that you are a christian and thanks be to jesus for your service to our beloved usa and to south carolina .
if obummer refuses to enforce our nation &apos;s laws , why is he not arrested , impeached , sent to the slammer ?
and for a traitor no less !
there &apos;s so many common sense things that could cut spending .
please reconsider your options .
first order of business , the current speaker of the house has to go !
trey doesn &apos;t have the authority but they need it because when the doj and fbi directors need to be fired or indicted who &apos;s going to do it ?
you outta be in it sir .
very simple : no spot inspections - no deal ! ! ! !
graham goes where the money goes .
jon because cain was better looking ! ! !
congressman , exercise the right of the house and move to impeach the president for his incessant circumvention of the constitution !
they admitted that they knew who you were , there is no doubt in my mind that they picked you out to harass !
on certain issues he is dead right and on others he is dead wrong but he is an honest libertarian .
we have to have trust some where that they can help the american people ... if not they need to get demoted too .
he doesn &apos;t care what we the people want ... he never has .
are we still sending aid to syria ?
why argue and fight in the party like a bunch of whine bags come one we can do better do you think .. rubio is right come on rand wake up ! !
per ou guys , so now , that is why we are going with folks like trump .... praying he will live up to what he is saying because he is not looking out for his health ins .
we also need some congressmen and senators with a backbone instead of rubber stamping obama &apos;s every whim ! !
it would be better to suffer now for a few years than lose all our freedoms .
did the current president forget this , or does he think he is above this ?
that comment sounds nice .... but sen rubio , what do you believe needs to be done about america &apos;s borders and what will you do ?
live on less than 1000 a month to cover all your bills , with no medical insurance , while on disability then judge .
we saw the true colors when we gave the republicans the house and senate !
i am , however , concerned that you were willing to vote to confirm betsy devos for education secretary .
y &apos;all wasted your time , the senate will not vote on this .
keep making inroads rand .
i think it &apos;s time to take the confederate flag off the state house grounds and to a museum .
shame on you rob portman for voting yes to betsy devos &apos; nomination for secretary of education .
i am not a union member but i am an concerned educated georgia voter .
was eisenhower a socialist or a communist ?
is he sounding the alarm like another paul , i &apos;m talking paul revere ?
you want to debate , yet when does harry reid allow debate on any issue he doesn &apos;t support , when does he allow a vote he won &apos;t win , when have you stood up to defend the constitution ?
your stand on the keystone pipeline , and what efforts you will put forth to get secretary of state john kerry to sign off on it along with getting the presidents approval .
finally finally finally someone sticks up for america !
to rand paul : well done sir .
my main questionsto you is aiding and comforting the enemy still considered treason ?
i guess obama fears he may not be able to destroy america with his socialistic administration and obamacare .
more miracles are coming--thank the lord !
i call for all rino &apos;s to resign
respectfully , donald wicker 5510 calhoun dr. lot 17
i was 100 % for a third party candidate when you ran for senate ; unfortunately , you gained favor with the gop establishment and were able to ignore that third party .
although , i am not there i am wondering how come there hasn &apos;t been any support from any congressman for the impeachment and removal of obama .
the president and the federal goverment can only spend what the house says they can spend .
senator , please do not vote to fund anything that includes obamacare ! !
if some of you feel that the president has been very ineffective in handling our nation &apos;s problems , it &apos;s because the republicans in congress say &quot; no &quot; to everything he proposes .
please let sc show others we don &apos;t need to demonstrate .
the church is supposed to feed the homeless , clothe the naked , take care of the widows and orphans .. , .not the government
why are you and the entire republican party dragging your feet ? ? ?
yay cruz and you and paul ! !
i like you rand , i really do , but when exactly is the time gonna come when you have a little less talk and a lot more action ? ? ?
you might just be the republican nominee right now .
do you know why obama wants closed meetings with-out media ? ?
has anyone even read or understand the constitution ?
where the hell were you months ago when your party needed your endorsement ? ?
if the quimby &apos;s want to give their land away then give it back to the people of maine then go away , far far away .
and u also voted to give tanks and jets to the muslim brotherhood asshead ! !
will you support replacing speaker boehner if he tries to ram the bill through ?
mr. mccain i think you should listen to this http : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = 6-nksldoeoq &amp; feature = youtu.be &amp; utm _ source = buffer &amp; utm _ campaign = buffer &amp; utm _ content = buffere0fa7 &amp; utm _ medium = facebook
very disappointed in your decision to vote yes on the cloture vote for the gun bill .
i say raise the debt ceiling only an equal amount of government cuts !
fine don &apos;t talk about it just do the job we hired you for .
congrats .. pls fight for the constitution
you do us proud sir ! !
eliminating the estate tax is another special tax cut for the wealthy .
republican leadership didn &apos;t only sell out conservative senators when they decided not to stand with senator cruz , they sold out we the people , and we &apos;re mad as hell !
the latest oklahoma stabbing and beheading is more than workplace violence .
may god keep you wise and strong !
find someone to run opposite of tim huelskamp in 2014 would love to see you &quot; like &quot; us and give us input as to who you would like to run , as well as solutions to the problems facing kansas and america .
good job mr paul ...... here`s the letter i sent to mccain today ...... shame on you mr. mccain for suggesting the whole world is a battlefield .
he is spitting in the eys of every single american with every shut down he orders .
too much politically correct sounding blah blah blah from politicians that ends up with same o same o junk in the white house .
unclear on the concept of why a country needs secure borders .
the dumping of refugees in tennessee must end .
enough of this &quot; fiscal cliff &quot; bs , protect our 2nd amendment right !
we need to enforce the immigration laws that we have instead of enacting new ones .
i vote for trey maybe someday we will be pulling for you thanks mia
hey elise - if you hate abortion so much , how will you be voting when it comes time to defund planned parenthood ?
i ask that you please reconsider your decision .
he may have been considered a hero once but his voting stance and his decisions of late make me question his backbone now !
we love you , johnny !
i am praying someone does .
well , all they have to do , is read the mcclintock thread .. now you know ..
the federal government does not need more money it needs to manage what it does have better ! !
i cannot believe these stupid comments when the know nothing about this man ... just stupid communist statements .
that &apos;s why the assclown obama needs to be placed in jail .
vote for amnesty pat toomey and we will just kick you out of party and out of office .
that &apos;s why you , rubio , lost ! !
the flag coming down had created more problems .
you sir are a disgrace , try offering an actual solution to the spending problem instead of just complaining .
he is no match comparing to ronald reagan
thanks senator for standing with ted cruz and mike lee .
america didn &apos;t elect such a majority because of john boehner .
if he does this and is not stopped congress will have hell to pay come 2016 elections .
a good start would be the epa who has just in the last two weeks interfered with boeing &apos;s move to sc and more recently stopped shell oil from drilling in alaska .
the republican party needs a purge .. in the worst way ... : -p
i dont know about you anymore rand
the debt ceiling is not the place for that debate .
so proud of you marco !
what do i care what that rino says ? !
and then there are the sell-outs who abandon conservative principles for financial gain .
sen. paul , sir , i heard today that that the president was considering a compromise on this amendment to s.1243.
tom b. obviously gets his information from chris &quot; tingly legs &quot; matthews , rather than the actual bill !
mr. poe , you can &apos;t have it both ways !
time to get this done and save american job by repealing obamacare before it is too late ! ! !
pass the zadroga act ! !
i &apos;ve learned just how selfish you are mitch mcconnell , instead of only thinking about yourself , help the 9 / 11 first responders .
we should not be negotiating with iran .
when i come back from visiting other nations , i want to kiss the ground of the usa .
garn luke you sure have a lot of liberal friends lol
not good , marco rubio .
we are at war illegally because you the congress has not declared it and now obama will not declare it .
a little late to be changing perspectives on the bushes since they haven &apos;t changed much .
and bratt will go along with the other politicians in dc &amp; do nothing to benifit america .
yes the fair tax would be great .
the $ $ $ , our $ $ $ , that you send down there doesn &apos;t get to the cuban people .
sc should have primaried you when they had the chance , we deserve much better than you .
i do appreciate lindsey for being honest though , and trying to get the truth out of this obama administration but don &apos;t think it will be possible to get the truth out of them liars !
repealing it will hurt my family .
voting no would be treasonous
praying for wisdom for you man .
as for the fact he really doesn &apos;t know what he is doing also .
( of course going after the less than 100 individuals who planned the attack would &apos;ve been justified , but that doesn &apos;t take a whole army ) i &apos;m thankful senator paul hates war and understands that only a defensive war can be justified .
this is not what our founding fathers had in mind !
dr. cassidy - i had conveyed to james on wednesday that the one cent solution , along with the fairtax , would turn our country around well within a decade - and that includes the factor of the left &apos;s tenacious ability to fight anything that is good for the economy .
happy , happy birthday , marsha !
get trey gowdy as speaker !
yet the irs and insurance companies are hiring !
there are 35 muslim terrorist training camps on our soil .
so again i ask you sir , how come your not dealing with the arizona issues .. you can talk about egypt on and on and on .. but no comment on what our gov .
we want our constitutional rights not threaded to be infringed upon .
sen perdue , hold a town hall meeting and ask your constituents how they want you to vote on this nomination .
we definitely need more like mia love .
i voted for you but at this point i think both of our senator &apos;s need to be replaced in sc .
selling this land could also inject money back into state and local economies by creating new economic opportunities on this dormant federal land , &quot; rep. poe said .
thank god , rand &apos;s still talking !
it seems pretty much unanimous to me that we think devos is unfit .
you must do your job as a voice of the sc people .
good job mia could not said it better
very frustrating to see congress and the pres still draw a salary during this .
why do we need a republican majority if the majority we worked hard to get is sold out ?
irs is the private gestapo and kgb for the government , how long does it take to understand this .....
already praying for you to be relected .
happy thanksgiving trey and family , keep up the good work in dc .
this madness will stop when the house and senate republicans grow a pair and stand up to this administration ! ! ! !
she will wreck our schools .
that he has submitted his resignation .
john mccain said it right out loud ... this amnesty bill is not about right or wrong its about what the republican party looks like .. popularity ... screw that you liberal turncoat rino ! !
haha i &apos;m talking to chad mccain right now .. ; )
this applies to congressmen from either party .
senator john mccain is the poster child for term limits .
rand paul proposes a &quot; screw the american worker &quot; immigration policy and panders to la raza : strike one rand paul attacks marco rubio and sides with barrack obama on cuba ?
entire countries do not burn our flag .
its simple vote republican !
forgive my sins oh lord and hear my prayer .
why don &apos;t you people who we have chosen to represent us impeach him now !
you work for the people of ga. start listening to us .
enemy forces which have been hold up in our white house is capable of unlimited bad deals for america !
mrs. devos is horribly unqualified .
wasting time on a completely unconstitutional tax on interstate commerce disguised as an internet sales tax is when i lost all respect for mike enzi .
i can not agree more with the educated desentions from my fellow citizens of tn .
regardless of what this does or doesn &apos;t have to do with the shooting , the flag is highly offensive to most blacks and if you think your &quot; heritage &quot; is more important than making your fellow citizens feel welcome in their own state , then maybe you should adjust your moral compass .
doesn &apos;t congress control the purse strings ?
we know this will be just lip service as you are on the record of supporting amnesty !
seems like the paul &apos;s are an extremely rare breed in washington .
several billion out there in tax revenue from online poker !
vote for congressman yoho so he can help with sorting out the mess later ... we need all the congressman and women who has not jumped ship
happy thanksgiving to you and your family as well mr. gowdy
sorry tim , no like your act !
what about the feds coming and taking the family computers and wiping them out ?
i don &apos;t watch anything fox offers .
don &apos;t tarnish my clemson tigers .
fr south carolina has the worst cops they &apos;re so screwed up
it &apos;s a solidly conservative business move .
very disappointed in your poor decisions of late .
the very ones who ok &apos;d bush to go in under a full bipartisan congress approval !
yes mia love , do like in the h &amp; r block commercial , give america its billions back .
they had there meeting and think bush should be our leadr , they are letting cruz take out some and going after the rest .
has the long standing policy of foreign aid ever really bought us allies ?
mr. thune , i see you voted with your blood soaked check from the nra .
the flag is not to blame for what happened , and it is unwise to divide the country further .
i don &apos;t understand why it is so difficult for people to understand that raising the debt ceiling is to pay the bills for money that congress has spent .
we would revert back to the original constitution and put the freedoms and liberties back into play instead of letting government tell us what are freedoms and liberties are ! ! !
appears johnny has awaken from his 5 year nap to run for reelection .
but capitol hill insiders report this is nothing more than a vehicle bill for the rest of obama &apos;s nightmare agenda .
i also agree with the violations to our constitution .
i will continue praying for the families and our state .
thank god america still has a few men like trey gowdy to do his work and save america from the godless .
all government employees must pay back taxes and penalties and interest .
they could do a bit of kabuki , obama could veto after assurance from the senate that they would deliver 2 / 3 for an override .
tom what is being done about the un treaty ?
you interest lies not with the children of north carolina and indeed the us , but with special interest groups and lobbyists .
you represented mississippi and the republican party very well .
sandra day occonner affirmed this too .... no uscitizen should be deprived his due process .. try obama for murder now ! ! ! !
stand your ground and defund obamacare .
i wish trey was our next president with dr. ben carson his vp--what a country we could be !
your vote for cloture was a vote for the continued destruction of our american economy and the further decline of our beloved nation .
mr. ivan , here in tn 4th congressional district , truth is relative and fact irrelevant !
they are caving to party politics instead of standing for what is best for the country .
glad christie didn &apos;t qualify for the next debate .
yeah robert , i &apos;d have let them have the deserting traitor .
i pray you will continue to hang in there
not much mike .
congratulations from texas ! !
think you &apos;ll be able to afford a florida vacation .
the senate was not intended to be a marxist , or even conservative , rubber stamp .
i hope tillis realizes that he cannot take the core of the party for granted .
you don &apos;t seem to be so stupid to believe that the people will escalate on every level to stop the lawlessness in dc .
prayers ! !
anyone who signed the norquist pledge is a traitor to the american people .
as long as welfare checks still go out life will go on
we demand a town hall meeting down here in georgia , senator perdue .
how about defunding the irs , the epa , the nea .... ?
why don &apos;t ya &apos;ll just raise it 100 trillion and be done with it ?
vern , why don &apos;t you adress the real issues of today ?
this is the government waste that this guy tells you he wants to get rid of .
god will turn our country around if we come back to him .
he is an asshole throw him out of office , we are a constitutional republic not an imperial dictatorship !
do not materially change obamacare .
i fail to understand the liberal wisdom of giving money to countries or rebels that burn your flag and hate our country ? ? ? ?
obama is a traitor , a liar , a racist , a terrorist sympathizer , a muslim and a miserable pos
if we are to persevere we need to fall to our knees as a nation and be a country god will bless .
please do start praying for this dream to come true .
how about you stop giving yourselves raises and get rid of your rediculous retirement plan ?
well sir , i certainly won &apos;t vote for you ever again .
defund obama so-called care , but we know he does not care .
help us , james !
the herald-leader / conway campaign has tried everything to bring down dr. paul , so they continue to desperately peddle fear : mediscare , meth , religion .. they will stop at nothing .
i hope that there are enough votes to over ride an white house veto .
i implore you to seriously reconsider your vote .
all well and good , except before you restore anything to anybody obama will have to be doing 50 to life in solitary confinement never to be heard from ever again .
thom tillis
i didn &apos;t read anything into tom &apos;s comments about snowden being a hero .
i cannot believe you let us get stuck with a obamacare and you don &apos;t !
tax and spend is what got us into this mess and the aca is tax and spend on steroids .
sen. rubio , thanks for standing for true conservatives !
or just not spend as much money , cut government back to the basics !
i guess as a career politician you have decided you no longer need to stick to your oath to uphold the constitution .
way too much of this stuff going on from the hussein obama administration .
even trey gowdy became a coward !
you have betrayed our trust and our future generation .
stand strong , no obamacare or raising the debt ceiling we can weather it .
keep fighting for our vets mia
since government electee &apos;s do not return phone call &apos;s do not search it on am o zon or on goo gle .
i also would like to hear him say he will make our military strong again !
impeach him and kick out of office and into jail .
every time his mouth opens a lie rolls out , and hes over our usa .
i think he &apos;s a real patriot .
and what are you going to do when roy blunt wins ?
hes definitely better then paul ryan i think everyone hates paul now
defeat him and his plan to destroy this great country .
making questions voluntary will only provide confusing information and possibly steer aid in wrong directions .
vern , get off my facebook .
no anchor babies either
i believe the house , senate , and the president all reached agreement on the affordable care act which you and your cronies have somehow tied to the government shutdown .
he doesn &apos;t know what he wants when it comes to fracking .
way to go lankford !
there is no way communist holder is going to let this go to a grand jury !
are you suggesting that the people who squander and steal our tax money rewrite the tax codes ?
i &apos;m in georgia but , i &apos;m still praying for a victory for you .
instead of putting up a dog and pony show in your hearing today with mr. gruber , why don &apos;t you high ranking republicans actually do something constructive like stop funding obamacare ?
represent my family and get rid of the man made obamacare disaster .
go with your heart , james .
mr. tillis , obamacare is unaffordable , you must do something ! !
there are definitely some low information americans on here , and they always resort to calling the defenders of liberty names .
obamacare is an overreach of government in to my life .
he has never represented oklahoma .
so when he &apos;s up for re-election arizonians , don &apos;t forget mccain &apos;s vote and what you posted today - then get out there and work to get him out of office - ring door bells , hand out flyers , etc .
too bad nobody in congress or senate has the guts to stand up to obama .
how about convincing john boehner to do his job and appoint a special prosecutor to get rid of this stain on this country !
stand with mitch &amp; rand !
quit wasting bandwidth .
2016- america will be deeper in the pile of chit and you sir are up for re-election .. good luck rino
there is 1 million in utah alone ... funny thing , , , i dont remeber the vote on that ! !
this is a travesty i cannot believe papers are not being filed for impeachment this is nothing but total lack of government .
won &apos;t somebody impeach him ?
i &apos;m not angry mr mccain , i &apos;m sad and wondering ; why ?
i will stand with you in whatever decision you make for 2016. it is so important to finally have somebody out front with what they think and not hiding behind the door of a restaurant .
worry about whats happening within our own borders .
during the presidential campaign , mr morsi has promised an evergreen future .
can &apos;t stand him for what he has done to our country .
you hire 16,000 irs agents to enforce the law .
not with obama as pres .
veralie mae smith - columbia , sc
i demand a vote and ask for a no vote on this issue ( and on boehner being speaker ) .
after voting for john boehner for speaker ........
think for yourself question all authority until the answers are truth .
christie was the only person from the republican party i was considering so far .
that action po &apos;d obama &apos;s base big time .
less government and get rid of common core to .
our representatives should have known what was going to happen and not been getting the wool pulled over your eyes .
one issue is we have no leadership ! !
obama knows this , he just refuses to resolve the issue cause if he did he couldn &apos;t take care of his peeps ................
praying in agreement in jesus holy name ! ! !
may god bless you and what is left of america . &quot;
senator , i am a constituent and implore you to stand up for our kids and public schools and vote no on devos .
it &apos;s the flag of losers .
the true enemies of america continue to morph !
demogags are the oppressers socialist traitors people are comimg out of fog .
let &apos;s not forget dr. ron paul !
tom , you have to focus .
it &apos;s not like he can fire them .
~ genesis 12 : 2-3 praying for israel and for our nation .
and , may i suggest , mr. rubio , that you do the same for the president and come to a meeting of the minds and what is best for all constituents of this country ...
obamacare is crap ! ! !
go to obama &apos;s office and throw his butt out ! ! ! !
4.25 drill baby drill !
the resistance is growing and those that love liberty and freedom will be called on to defend it once again .
if u were serious u would impeach obama
have to disagree - mccain has voted too liberal for many years and that &apos;s why he got beat !
maintaining the current tax rates while negotiating sounds good , but since republican leadership refuses to negotiate to raise any tax on the wealthy makes this another hypocrisy owned by the gop .
&quot; two term &quot; bob won &apos;t tell us where his ancestors came from
the level of ignorance and unrerstanding of the total control the cuban government is eerie .
along with the irs and ap issues .
when are all of you in washington going to quit spending money we don &apos;t have .
martha you are out in 2016. you do not represent me or my family .
when does someone get the gumption to start impeachment ?
seriously - no way to get all the gop members to go along - is mccain really voting against the bill ? ? ?
eliminate the irs push for fair tax
there &apos;s only 1 correct answer senator isakson &amp; it &apos;s your alma mater ... go dawgs ! 🏈 🏈
i &apos;ve got your back , sir .
our military needs all the good moral support it can get from government officials .
draft ben sasse 2016 !
you don &apos;t know pete king and i know him he is for the people
hopefully they can get through tejon pass and find camping areas in king county .
so you just voted yes on spending our tax dollars on the defense of a foreign nation that is thousands of miles away from our shores ?
senator graham your principled compromise has made me sick to my stomach !
obama tried over and over to get this through congress and when he couldn &apos;t , he broke the law and did it on his own against the will of the american people and congress .
we keep letting them get away with it !
will you talk about nixon and the pow swap from john mccain tim scott ?
# worstresponders stop shaming the state of kentucky with your greed .
as a public school educator for 17 years , i am asking that you please not support devos for this position .
so they won &apos;t hate us anymore , duh !
i wonder when the rabble raiser aka the potus will release a statement , if any at all ?
so man up and do something about it !
government is the only job were the employee gives themselves raises , its we the people , we are there boss , we should get a vote on if they are doing a good enough job for a raise .
we did and one year from now we may be calling you vice president rubio !
the amendment allows epa to overreach .
conservatives think government has it &apos;s boundries and liberal think government bloated boundries .
i wish mr. buffet would write a check to me .
you sir have lost my future vote ! ! ! &apos;
this president has allowed murder to take pleace while he went to bed .
term limits should be set for all aspects of government .
and my taxes are going up over $ 2600 this year ... thanks senators were given a copy of the 154 page fiscal cliff bill before voting on it .
years ago , like 97 , as an elected city official , it was clear this would hurt small cities who get a piece of all state sales tax .
no , it was bad for our country then and it &apos;s still bad now .
that &apos;s ok ted !
impeach him this time and it won &apos;t happen again .
sir , you have given me hope again for our country .
why haven &apos;t you men elected stood up to him ? ?
is there a reason why we can not have a flat rate tax system ?
finally someone who is finally making sense just wish a few more would fellow senator mccain , and i just wish the senators both republican and democrat would try and work together for the good of the country !
that &apos;s why i &apos;m a constitutional conservative , not a republican .
get rid of obama care please .
you rank right there with mcconnell , is this a father &amp; son act .
there is a conference for my profession in florida this year and i won &apos;t go because i will not support florida .
we may never know what the irs was up too .
wish you would have honored your oath to defend the constitution and repudiated those who want to weaken the 2nd amendment .
if i am not mistaken i think john boehner would be third in line if the president had to be replaced .
tell him the american people are with him
and remember when he said if he can pass the stimulus that unemployment wouldn &apos;t go above 8 % ? ? ? ?
if obama was assad , obama would just say .
uh , he voted for obama .
nice try bob .
he wants to take over the country with his scumbag republican party .
a moderate but conservative republican .
nice rhetoric , senator ... however , you as well as lindsey gave up your constitutional duty when you all voted for the corker bill !
i agree with you 100 % they show cuts , but then they increase spending in other areas .
5 libtards vs. 1 conservative , even odds .
impeach him before he destroys what we have left of america ! !
please , sir , put america first
they feel he has betrayed them by offering to compromise on things with &quot; the enemy . &quot;
you sir are finished in the republican party , please turn in your badge !
i voted for john &quot; i am for illegal alien amnesty until i found out the american people were against it .
if you think that mrs. devos is the best choice for the education department then i believe that your tenure as a senator for the state of south carolina will be coming to an end .
it can &apos;t stand the weight of obamacare .
representative lankford , after watching our president yesterday i was both proud of our country and worried about it &apos;s future .
we need to set up pow camps right on the border .
mr gowdy , sorry for the typo !
tired of federal government overstepping their role ... thanks for standing on constitutionally sound principles
trey - i refuse to become a legal after-thought or a constitutional anomaly !
we the voters will sack these traitors who are not putting the interest of america first , but party !
fellow patriots , our fight to reclaim the america envisioned by our founders and inspired by god himself : with rights that are &quot; self-evident , &quot; &quot; endowed by the creator , &quot; and that among these &quot; unalienable rights &quot; &quot; are life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness . &quot;
had to be haled to the dump still &amp; plus flights are extremely high to fly home !
the officer is not above the law , he should be and i believe will be tried and prosecuted .
sorry rubio , i &apos;ll never vote for you again !
iran deal went through with nothing more than a little political theater from you and the republican senate .
in praying for those in authority , i therefore lift up our congress and senate to you .
quit asking our opininons and impeach him
you &apos;re awesome , tim !
so obama knew many americans would lose their healthcare plans under obamacare since 2010 per fox and nbc reports yet continued to spew lies : &quot; you will keep your plan , period . &quot;
prayers up in the name of jesus christ .
with his vote on cloture , he knows his vote won &apos;t make any difference .
our president is a rouge that is stepping way out of bounds .
you are welcome sir !
this country is in deep debt !
way to go kentucky and rand paul !
i need your help in arresting emperor b. hussien obama .
no government official should be allowed to receive donation from other governments or non-citizens .
betsey devos is terribly wrong for the department of education .
send him to gitmo
rand paul has the support of every american !
christie is slowly losing support from us republicans
obama plays dictator and y &apos;all do nothing .
if the senate does vote to end debate , reid will immediately move to strike the defunding language .
absolutely no ! ! ! !
two in north carolina .
i would ask why the dhs has ordered nearly 2 billion rounds of ammo , and thousands of armored vehicles .
it &apos;s time for y &apos;all to send him packing !
never happen till the house controls the purse strings as they were elected to do ....
merry christmas to y &apos;all
god bless you and your family and a merry christmas .
he thinks we dont know this !
congratulations , tom .
i agree for james lankford for president .
the only paperwork that needs done this year is spending cuts and a balanced budget amendment
i will either be voting libertarian or write-in if we don &apos;t get a third party conservative in the running .
mia , you need to support mr. citizens for trump
we should be thankful that we now have a president that is restorning the rule of law .
mr. tim , why was a active shooting drill going on at the same exact time ?
don &apos;t forget , trumps father in law is a member of the communist party .
the illegal legacy of republican george bush and the traitorous republican congress continues .
of course bush has been orchestrating this whole debacle as an arm chair president !
may god truly bless you and your family ........... i &apos;m thankful you won and i &apos;m praying for you , please be the influence god called you to be ....... and may god bless america !
defund it , delay it , repeal it !
can &apos;t wait until the gop has a chance to share their ideas for improvements to the sorry state our healthcare system is in .
to bad we thought the rnc would do things above board.where were you for the vote ?
it irritates me , congressman , that in essence , the government is up to its ears in debt and is asking for a higher credit limit and voting for it themselves .
hi , rand .
we don &apos;t want obamacare , it will degrade us all .
spot on comments sir .
how did senator tim scott vote ? ?
because he &apos;s in the united states federal government which takes care of all of us , and he is one of the few patriots america has left in the fed .
while nice , a good slap in the wallet might actually bring around some who still think obamacare is anything but a money pit boondoggle that helps no one .
you understand that the average american life expectancy is ranked 51st in the world and virtually every country ahead of us has socialized care ?
keep up the great work sen paul ! !
true americans will never give up !
happy fathers day mr. gowdy god blessed america again when you and others like you took the appointed jobs that all of you have for truth , justice and american freedom god bless the u.s.a. now and forever in jesus name amen amen and amen ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i &apos;m so disappointed that you voted yes on betsy devos .
it &apos;ll be just like credit card companies -- a race to find the state most like somalia , the libertarian paradise .
john c. every conservative says they are the only holy party in existence !
it would have gone a lot better if you paul ryan had done your job in the beginning and for that i do not trust you .
he did not listen to his constituants .
there are individuals that have been targeted by the irs also due to being members of these groups &amp; donating to them .
i think ryan should step down .
they all need to be right there until they are tried by the military !
wow , i &apos;ve read studies by epa , one was about a town in colorado , that said it did , and when i went back to read more i could not find it .
i know senator scott works at many efforts to encourage young black people to be good and prosperous citizens .
in that case give up your government insurance you big taker of government programs .
i know emily cain .
joey lives in the marsha blackburn bubble .... fox fake news tells them what that is ........
i do not , however , believe there is sufficient evidence at this time to warrant his impeachment or premature removal from office &quot; .
an congress doesn &apos;t do anything to stop him .
i also stand with israel !
didn &apos;t watch , but in my opinion he ( obama ) has really lucked out on this one .
and u voted for paul ryan .
i &apos;ve been praying for you all day sean !
so tired of the political corruption in this country starting with the media all the way to washington
thousands in oklahoma are uninsured , nevertheless , they too deserve to be treated with the same respect , dignity and healthcare as any rich person with insurance coverage .
he is an immigration attorney abusing our immigration laws selling american citizenship to unvetted muslims who are committing jihad against us .
would you seriously start the impeachment of bho for treason .
keep up the good work fighting for kansas .
i pray for senator scott and his familt .
good luck from north carolina
tell me something you can &apos;t do today you could do before the patriot act was enacted .
marco rubio , will you vote for trump ?
happy 4th , mia ! !
i agree this presidents nominee should not be confirmed !
it &apos;s time for you to step down sir and back ted cruz before that crazy man gets the nomination .
no more hearings , no more grandstanding we have laws in place to handle this enforce them !
god bless you trey gowdy for speaking the truth and standing up for what is right ! !
have fox on .
the only party that would keep its part of the treaty is 0 .
pray , pray , pray to god our heavenly father .
reforming the tax code would be good ... reforming regulations would be good ... but the most important thing is just quit spending !
cloture is wrong and sneaky and yet you support cloture .
the american people are fed up with your games-man-ship of shutting down the government .
prayers for the tim scott family.sounds like grandpa left a real great legacy .
saudi arabia needs to placed on this list unless they close for good all the kabul schools .
love u trey gowdy
i believe that marco rubio would be a great president ! ! !
i think the president believes that he can do whatever he wants by executive action and against the wishes of the american people .
i say let obama have everything he wants and then he owns it ... forever .
if mccain likes him , ... watch out .
please senator boozman , vote no on cloture !
keep the sanctions on iran .
tn demonrat party must be manned by 12 year olds .
many in congress including senator john mccain oppose a prisoner exchange to bring bowe bergdahl home .
oh , small businesses will get a tax cut for this , tax cut for that , you &apos;re taxes will get cut in half .
happy easter rep. gowdy !
arm rebels , so they can harm us , no way
johnny , please get an amendment on s . 510 to exempt small farms and processors from overregulation by the fda or our grandchildren &apos;s future is going to be cafo ecoli meat and mexican grown vegetables .
unless the congress stands up and stops him .... he will continue to break the law
obama &apos;s economic plan will send us over the economic cliff by enslaving us to debt &amp; finally bankrupting our country .
the american people made a mistake when they didn &apos;t nominate john mccain .
so was the epa and osha .
charter schools take tax payer money , but are not regulated , nor are they held to any level of accountability , concepts that have consistently been the hallmarks of public education reform .
you , mr. mcclintock among other republicans voted to fund obamacare ... why ?
tom , the clueless will almost always stay in that perpetual state .
i sincerely hope , sir , that you will support and vote for s209 to audit the fed .
tim scott &apos;s compensation .
no reforms .
barrasso needs to investigate 9 / 11 , since mo supporting facts for he official story have ever been shown and hundreds of facts that co trading it , from witnesses to films , cuts in the structure and total implosion of not one , but three builds , against astronomical odds of even one doing .
honor those every day who risk their lives .now and in the past for our country &amp; our freedom
you did a great job rand and yes speak up for the pastor in iran .
he sure took the wind out of obamas sails at the prayer breakfast , he didnt do it in a mean or nasty way very soft spoken , is a very good speaker
my question rep. is , when you shut down the government because both sides of the govt .
look at dr tom price &apos;s proposal or other republican plans .
i bet you wont answer yes or no .
maybe obama will shakedown the border guards and convince them to let you in !
this is a great time for the republican party .
i appreciate all you are doing along with paul and cruz .
you &apos;ve certainly got your work cut out for you to stop obama &apos;s socialist agenda .
repeal obamacare and then work on entitlements but entitlements are those who live off welfare for umpteen years and those who suck this country dry .
# nopipelines # waterislife # nodiamondpipeline - yes they are building a new one in oklahoma too !
go to c-span &apos;s website because you &apos;ll still be able to go back and here the numerous gop reps. and sens .
and our wh is taken over by them and we settle for it .
repeal not overhaul .
this is such bull ..... we won &apos;t default on anything .... more propaganda to make us feel more inadequate .... useless congressmen and women ..... you included tim -- you write and write and don &apos;t say a thing , much less do anything
little by little this president is hacking away at our constitutional rights .
my husband just heard on the news that boehner is talking about making major cuts to social security and medicare ...... he needs to think about this one ..... not a good idea .... this is something people have paid into all of their lives ....
our country , our supreme court , our constitution and our freedoms are at stake here .
we have so many terrorists in our own backyard , , , i pray the fbi isn &apos;t on the administrations payroll , and that they are keeping watch over all the citizens of the usa ! ! !
yup waste more tax payers money trying yet again to repeal something that wont be repealed .
working to help pay for obama care
they didn &apos;t declare it a tax , it was written as a commerce clause so the reprocussions for not having insurance would be a lack of write off and penalty .
you padded your campaign pockets with over $ 51,00 in conributions from betsy devos then returned the favor by voting &quot; yes &quot; even though thousands and thousands of ohioans called , emailed , texted , and wrote to ask you to vote &quot; no &quot; because she is not qualified for the position .
no proposal you make will satisfy them because they want to villify you all and get their way on increasing the debt and defaulting ( p.s.
when i saw mr. boehner kiss ms. polosi it reminded me of judas kissing jesus with his betrayal !
vern is part of the solution .
conservatives have ideas &amp; thoughts .
mia , i was watching when you made your speech &amp; i think it helped .
but prayers for you and your success !
starting to sound like this goes past contempt and into impeachment territory .
too many liberty and libertarian votes lately so justin had to vote no to keep up his tea party scorecard .
i read the president will veto .
here is cruz talking about it this morning : https : / / m.youtube.com / watch ? v = uinf9ek3nvo
first securing the border and fortifying it .
so am i mia but never just .
merry christmas senator tim scott and to your family !
as a vet myself the government needs to stay away from our military benefits we served our country proudly and some gave all .
when is the supreme court going to take away his veto power .
i stand with roy blunt .
your thoughts and prayers are no longer enough greg .
the poe amendment would prohibit any funds from being used to enforce criminal penalties for people who do not wish to participate in this government mandated survey .
but more importantly , if you and john mccain and your buddies in the house think iraq is being handled wrong ..... the power is in your hands .
i love you trey gowdy ! ! ! !
merry christmas to you , trey and family and may 2017 be a blessing to you and the country .
good job mr. mccain .
you &amp; cruz need to band together or be left out .
senator isakson please do not cave in to president obama on fast-tracking his policy on the tpp !
and anyone who attented obamas dinner should be ashamed while rand stood for the constituion and due process .. meanwhile here in idaho the governer is throwing the state exchange down our throats .
and congrats sir
rand paul 2016 or sooner
senator graham , i respect you and your intelligence .
they should read the constitution while sitting there .
repeal obamacare and replace it ! !
i pray that mankind recognizes the almighty power of our lord jesus christ and the burden he carried on the cross to save all of us sinners .
amazing what the republicans allow ... very disappointing to hear of this and a continuation of boehner as your chosen leader .
lynn sorry stupid smart phone
i agree with the &quot; no fly list &quot; in theory .
may god bless you and the rest people try to make law ! ! !
ccm received the same type of letter from the irs when we filed for 501 ( c ) 4 status
of course he should pay taxes on free money .
another disappointing vote from you on the debt ceiling with no cuts to spending when are you going to vote the way your lip service is saying instead of lying to the people of south dakota .
goes to show how well loved mccain is , aye ?
i agree , clean house mr .
i expected kay hagan to vote for the ndaa but i was hoping that you would not .
2016 president ( rand ) paul !
he needs to be shown the door out , so that we can clean the white house if all islamic beliefs
plus billion &apos;s of our tax dollar &apos;s !
fund department and agencies and leave obamacare out , it does not fit in the agencies nor departments .
the oklahoma congressional delegation is clueless when it comes to native issues , much less any other issues and oklahoma voters are to blame
we need a president not a socialist dictator .
the border and illegals are number one , w / o that everything is a mute point .
sir you may be one in a very few men that hasn &apos;t trash talked .
too often , politics and party divisions get in the way of informing the public of the specifics of the laws that politicians ideologically oppose .
i just cant say enough good things about rubio for senate seat !
pork and more pork .
ted cruz and diane black have fed health care .
we do not support devos who is fundamentally unqualified to do the job .
my prayer is for the folks of that church and charleston to show the nation that we can have peace even during such a terrible time and not blame every person of that mans color for what happend , or if it was the other way around .
christie is a turn coat and no good either .
senator isackson stand up to the president &apos;s executive overreach and honor justice scalia &apos;s legacy by blocking obama &apos;s nominee for the supreme court .
he needs to understand his place within the government and i firmly believe the congress is the only body that is able to provide that lesson .
it needs to remain open &amp; why not send obama there !
obuma and holder are the traitors when are they going to impeach them
let the un give them a protected zone inside syria or iraq or saudi arabia but none should be let in here .
the only thing the current potus has in mind is the destruction of america .
please keep up the good fight mia love !
i , m with you mr graham , &amp; the act in boston didn , t come from any american remember alcida said they would be many more and he has just proven their terrist group is much smarter than our agents .
rubio you should know better .
you realize &quot; obama &quot; care is the market based , conservative health care plan thought up at heritage , touted by dole as a response to hillarycare , endorsed by gingrich , and implemented at the state level by romney , don &apos;t you marsha ?
the truth about ronald reagan a great &quot; conservative &quot; hero : reagan was a serial tax raiser .
justin amash sold us out to tel aviv , looks like ron paul really is the only good one left .
i am sick to death of the &quot; do nothing dinosaurs &quot; we have in congress now ! !
keep it up marco !
if he maintains his libertarian principles and he doesn &apos;t compromise on any issues , republicans will finally decide that they want a dr. paul in the white house in 2016 .
i truly wish we had more politicians like you , trey gowdy .
and no i do not support clinton .
mr mccain , your country needs you now more than ever .
why don &apos;t you impeach him
obama is right .... if he would &apos;ve ran again he would win again ! ! !
as americans we need to pull together and demand answers to the benghazi cover up , lets force our government to get our hero &apos;s families answers and get justice for them by holding those responsible held accountable !
obama is a hypocrite .... he says &quot; the jury has decided &quot; then he gets holder to talk about getting zimmerman in court again .
one thing to remember , and i am hearing it all over , if the two keep going at it like they have been , the 3rd party will be the one voted for .
god bless you and your family as we all pray for your miracle .
and if you think snowden is right .
obamacare is totally wrong and not one person in america will prosper when they find their health insurance increasing by $ 7,500 per year .
no point in republicans having a majority in congress if they are afraid to use it .
blessed by you sir .
or we vote repubs in and take over the senate and hold the house so we can stop bo
and honestly , if you think about it , the government being broke down into amendments ( laws to be followed ) is what created a contradiction in the government system due to &apos; governing powers &apos; not abiding by the laws of the constitution .
i would have thought that you would have been smart enough to read and understand the constitution , but i guess not .
but then again , maybe any exposure for rand paul is good exposure and the people that watch beck obviously like him .
true , scott .
south carolina for trump !
cut all foreign aid across the board .
we are sending them to our alaska delegation plus our governor to have the tsa stop molesting alaskans .
well guess that means the end of the republican party &amp; uncle tom , ben carson .
please take a stand for ted , at this point he &apos;s one of the few that we can trust .
heaven spare us from any future such &quot; victories &quot; for mr. boehner .
the american people are also clear that they support comprehensive immigration reform and 74 % of americans support a pathway to citizenship as outlined in the senate immigration bill .
any chance you could call on mr. cole of district 4 and tell him to get on the bandwagon ?
absolutely not interested .
impeach him out of office with all of those that he hired !
if not how can you say tax has already been paid ?
tim , go trey gowdy on them !
you did vote for cloture , knowing that he would then be confirmed .
gitmo is not in the continental usa.it is a state of the art facility , operated by experienced administrators and staff and yet liberals want to close it down , bring it to our shores , and replace exerienced staff with inexperienced staff .
jeremi hayes
praying for all of us .
come on congress stop being chickens &amp; smash this snake epa before its poisonous venom destroys the coal industry and our economy !
please recall the downgrade in our national credit rating that resulted from the last time nihilists in congress used the debt ceiling as a political hostage .
no more bs .. impeach him now or we will impeach congress !
you bashers need to stop all your negativity and think and read a little deeper instead of blindly following the just say no do nothing legislators .
senator mccain , i agree with previous comments .
glad you are there for us rand !
a. karl marx b. adolph hitler c. joseph stalin d. none of the above 2 ) &quot; it &apos;s time for a new beginning , for an end to government of the few , by the few , and for the few ...... and to replace it with shared responsibility , , , , , for shared prosperity . &quot;
tell them that we the people will not attend or watch any debate that does not include rand paul in his rightful place on the main stage .
so , no i am not in obama &apos;s fantasmical 80 % .
no cap and trade , no over spending , immigration reform .
why doesn &apos;t anyone ever think of cutting the welfare rolls .
humble , texas was where god chose to show his power
fortunately the gators are playing kentucky so there is something else to watch as i cant possibily stomach one more word out of his mouth .
we do not need rino charlie crist in office .
if the gop knows what &apos;s good for them , they will be grooming mia love for the oval office one day .
another good question from rand paul that we will never see answered by obama !
i don &apos;t know what to think but i do know that i &apos;m in a obama care crisis .
nothing less is treason to the constitution and tyranny of people .
ted cruz has call all the washington establishment .... corrupted . !
he is ruining the american family--the government goal .
if obama were a man , and a leader , he would not have left town to read two speeches from a teleprompter .
benghazi , irs , ap , fast and furious , obamacare , - treason , treason , treason ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
when putin invaded ukraine in 2014 , it meant he could send that oil through their pipelines without incurring heavy taxation and then export it via the black sea naval fleet lying off the crimean peninsula .
hey johnny move to china !
close our eyes and put our fingers in our ears ?
marco rubio will stand up to the people who think they are entitled in washington to do whatever they want and don &apos;t care what the american people want .
impeach barton ... come on texans , you &apos;re not that foolish to vote for this guy again , are &apos; ya ?
hey mccain , schumer , rubio , and the rest of you imbeciles , exactly what part of no amnesty do you not understand ! ! !
have fun when you get a second obama term .
makes me feel good that mccain was playing poker while deciding my fate .
and that collapse is due to the president and his cronies .
and the president has just demonstrated once again that congress does not have the guts or the morals to do anything about it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
stewart is an honest man , and he calls out obama for his lies all the time .
the republican party was the third party and it was the party that abraham lincoln was in when he ran for president .
very good to see the people of egypt stand up for their rights .
secure borders first .
johnny , it is sad that you do not concede that uncontrolled access to guns is a central part of the problem .
lindsey israel-firster graham and john mcamnesty mccain are jokes .
i knew you were a clemson fan .
use obama salary and take away the use of air force one for his and his families personal use and that should pay for quite a few things .
stop crying about emily and get on the trump train !
senator burr , you lack the integrity that is needed to serve as a public official of north carolina and you should resign from office .
saying you are against obamacare is not enough !
obama can count hes not completely stupid why ?
yes sir i will !
i ask you to listen to your constituents and oppose all &quot; deals &quot; that would limit our constitutional rights .
luv ya mia !
tom mc clintock is not capable of this office .
you too , mr. mccain .
stand up for &quot; we , the people &quot; .. and god bless you for it
if the republican party had negotiated something in the last 6 months maybe you could have found something to exchange to get your way , instead you &apos;re the party of no , blocking government , not participating in it .
scott there has been a lot of misinformation on this bill .
get on board with the president &apos;s plan or get out of the way .
trey gowdy would be a breath of fresh air !
these rinos voted against the iran deal amendment ( add on to obummer &apos;s deal ) .
god &apos;s abundant blessings &amp; favor to you in jesus name ! ! ! !
agreed - we need border security and a guest worker program ( which could be funded by the employers ! ) .
the muslim brotherhood and all their minions .
if everyone would take a good look at the guy you &apos;re talking about , it should be no surprise that his goal is the screw the american public
that being said the smartest thing congress could do now is restore the military budget .
in response to lynda johnson - this did not start with george bush !
on the contrary , it was the republicans who chose to play politics by passing a budget last year that funds the entire government except homeland security , expecting to hold it for ransom now with the safety of our nation at risk .
i believe he is a hero not a traitor .
perfect the border .
devos is not qualified for this job because she has not ever worked in education .
obama didn &apos;t want to go into benghazi africa , and &quot; stir the pot &quot; because he was gun running supporting the rebels , like holder did in mexico with the drug cartel .
so sorry you lost this wonderful teacher , trey gowdy .
what makes rand paul any different than any of other others ?
i bet we can find someone to replace you .
just like the irs did under obama ..... remember lois lerner .
i don &apos;t believe you are talking about the same devos that everyone else is .
god bless you all and your families ! ! !
rand paul for 2016. he gets it !
his impeachment is way overdue .
where was the outrage this month when a utah judge found polygamy leagal as long as the parties involved did not seek .
good on you sir .
do to them what they have done to our men and women line them up an take them out why we wasted all that money to keep them was just plain stupid just like the donald says stupid people running this country .
trust will only be restored once we get back to respecting individual liberty .
i read an article recently that cited legislation senator paul has introduced , supported and his opinions on issues , strongly suggesting , correctly , rand is very much like his father on his ideals .
under the circumstances , i think ryan did the best he could ! !
i hope you stand behind your party anything less would be a disgrace
we need ya b
mr. ryan , i am very upset with you .
trey gowdy ~ i hope you and your family had a blessed thanksgiving .
sue the irs ...
no more pork barrel until this country is out of debt .
please consider the libertarian party for your presidential vote .
what has to happen before this idiot ( obunghole ) gets impeached ?
you are so right tim !
the pipeline would create only 36 permanent jobs , the oil wouldn &apos;t come to us and the damage to the environment would be devastating .
someone needs to inform obama that he is not king
by appointing conservative judges to the supreme court .
you are delusional if you think betsy devos is competent for this position .
a fourth , john mccain of arizona , said he is strongly inclined to do so . &quot;
lower the debt ceiling better
there will be no default if a deal is not reached by tuesday .
god bless you for all you &apos;re sacrafices , you are a true hero sir !
at least dropping obama care !
well , considering ron has a few chunks in his campaign team , maybe rand has a few knuckleheads working for him too ..... i &apos;ll wait and see what his response it .
less than 3 weeks after this post of rubio &apos;s : &quot; rubio admitted that he would he &quot; honored &quot; to speak for the republican nominee if trump asked him to speak at the convention . &quot;
all the revenue collected by the federal government .
god &apos;s blessings upon you , mia .
please listen to your constituents , if not from tennessee , but also from around the u.s. , to grant more time to vet mrs. devos or request a new nominee from mr. trump besides one of his billionaire campaign donors .
lord knows , florida needs some leadership .
it is very important that any replacement of aca contain a provision that eliminates pre-existing conditions .
doing a great job tim .
romney , ryan and rubio
did you ever use your republican party of florida credit card to purchase flooring for your home ? &apos;
we need to be praying for the ederly in oklahoma that depend on medicaid and could be without care ! ! ! !
would you post on your website your specific plan , budget item by budget item , stating specifically how many dollars will be cut from each program , to eliminate the federal deficit ?
you work for us and america doesn &apos;t want obamacare .
love trey gowdy , i am thankful for your efforts in righting the wrong in dc
those cuban supporters of castro are also obama supporters , let &apos;s not forget that !
yes congressman gohmert you done all you could
tom , please make some sense and get back to us .
as for the red light cameras the first violation should be a &apos; warning &apos; ; with these things we are stripped of our constitutional right to confront our accuser .
noone wants to do anything thinking you &apos;ll make the wrong move and not be reelected .
your a great american mia .
i appreciate our congressmen that have backbones .
please send this to every republican , independent , libertarian , conservative etc who intends to run for office in 2014. when the people learn what their god-given rights are , how they were manipulated and cheated into surrendering those rights , they will want them back !
i have said it before politics need god fearing men and women to stand up for our constitutional rights .
i think that a big chunk of conservatives are livid with the republican party .
i would like to hear him answer these questions from congressman trey gowdy ... http : / / joeforamerica.com / 2014 / 01 / votd-1-26-14 /
congratulations diane .
i &apos;m sure we are all praying for these people .
senator corker and senator alexander have lost my vote .
eric holder and the dept of just us certainly have no intentions !
we the people need to veto him out now .
paid by taxpayers money to fly around in air force one with traitor obama !
i see it as liberty v. tyranny .
get rid of ryan , btw .
yet , he cannot get purchase from the trump &quot; i &apos;m mad as hell and won &apos;t take it anymore &apos; crowd , and the &quot; not conservative enough rino &quot; wonks who &apos;ve taken over our party .
it was not about limiting government but to create a more inclusive and balanced government .
lincoln reagan washington and anyone but carter or obummer
this is a mess now , with calls to take down statutes and to even take down the american flag and statutes of even george washington .
i have a solution on how to prevent this again ... stop cutting security spending , you genius !
the illegals and even those here on visas are using our current citizen requirement to have anchor babies .
it &apos;s been tough and i see the corruption in the mobile alabama judicial system but i still get up everyday , lace my boots up tight , and work my tail off none the less knowing that the lord is in control and i will get through this .
marco you are an intelligent kid too bad you were not dedicated enough to show up for your votes in the senate what assurances do we have that you will show up for work , if we are stupid enough to elect you again ?
it all sounds good and dandy but on a personnel note with some experiance with water issues in amador county and a career politician that tom mcclintock was and is , i would not trust him as far as i could throw him .
you &apos;re embarrassing yourself coffman .
time for congressional term limits is obvious here !
please consider stepping it up a notch and running against senator kay hagan and becoming senator mchenry in 2014 .
why are you posting this marsha ?
please help stop obama from damaging this country more .
as i understand it from the article the contracts are up for the private firms , but no new one will be issued .. if it &apos;s true and we have no air defense in the south terrorist could just pour into this country .
if they don &apos;t like what has been part of our freedom then go home .
the smart ones have already chosen donald trump a long time ago but welcome aboard better late than never
if rand wins the nomination i will once again vote democrat .
someone who isn &apos;t a citizen or legal permanent resident isn &apos;t magically granted constitutional protection .
we need to &apos; defund &apos; the gop to fund the tea party and conservative candidates .
i hope u get a new yoho 4 xmas
anyone that wants gun control or government medical control in a free country is not a true leader .
get him out of office , hes gonna kill america , obama hates us !
if you like rand and ron paul you will also love his television counterpart and fellow libertarian ron swanson from parks and rec , vote for your fav today !
christie is an azz and a traitor to his party
close the border yesterday ! ! ! ! !
then when the truth come out it is too late .
the question remains , will a republican president do something about it ?
rand paul , the murderer fidel &apos;s replacement for che guevara .
i don &apos;t know why so many of you are so happy about rand paul being detained .
sir , i hope your phone lines are busy because so many people are calling you to ask you to vote no on cloture .
thanky ou sir
our nation has been greatly blessed and with those blessings we have been less and less thankful .
if not , then i guess we start dismantling the statue of liberty and send it back to france .
why hasn &apos;t eric holder investigated the idiot in the white house ?
should not listen to him .
don all you can to get that idiot in the white house impeached
&lt; 3 &lt; 3 trey gowdy for president 2020 &lt; 3 &lt; 3
obama has had four years of spending nearly a trillion more per year than bush .
he needs to be impeached and his cronies tossed in jail .
us senator tim scott .
i did the only thing i could do down here in georgia .
immigration on the border and syrian migrants are similar .
the ga constitution has no mention of militia .
likewise , mr. gowdy : )
marco - we admire , respect and support you not because of where you came from , but for where you can help lead america to .
anybody see this on fox today ?
we let 11 million illegals in then we &apos;re going to have all their family members after that .
boehner is dead wood .
obama &apos;s proposed executive action on immigration policy is roughly on the same scale as one taken by bush .
but if anybody thinks mr. obama is doing something mr. romney wouldn &apos;t is dead wrong .
but back in 2005 , you said that the president , and the president alone , nominates judges .
enforce the u.s. constitution as it is our basic law .
with you all the way mr paul .
lou you have been infected with the disease of progressivism .
i have some concerns as to the recent suggestions that our military retirement needs to be changed .
he would get my vote as well as my vote for attorney general - he is a great conservative .
thanks mia .
i dont know how w i juse going to pay pay pay pay for everything we have to pay for everything just to live we have enough problems with that the way it is just keep praying
over ride it obama a pos he belongs in prison
stop almost all foriegn aid .
arming egypt now today .
allowing our elected leaders , who are supposed to work for us , unbridled corruption makes america nothing more than a banana republic and the laughing stock of the world
merry christmas 🎄 to you and your family mr. senator trey howdy .
where were you months ago .
ooooo ..... i bet ole scott was wringing his hands when he wrote this ...
option b. transit , ho !
i am saddened by what america is becoming , but then i see good leaders like john mccain stand up for our country .
also i would love to see your proof that the congressman has hired a pr firm .
congress needs jeh johnson to testify regarding the abysmal failure of dhs .
lets see if our supreme court justices can actually follow the constitution .
we will give you this opportunity , but please take it and hold him accountable to a conservative agenda .
he is a rino at best .
this president is not to be trusted .
rand paul is now the official whipping boy on capital hill.he is going to be smeared with honey and staked next to a bee hive for the amusement of the democrats for his actions .
senator corker , i live and vote in johnson city , tn .
georgia is a state full of immigrants of all nationalities , religions , and creeds .
if not then someway to put on duty law or military in the schools .
we need to rein in the spending .
the only good thing the nuclear option will do is get rid of some of the liberals .
folks , we cannot afford this anti-american marxist for another four years ... his record is solidly against the growth of america
happy independence day to congressman harper &amp; family
i agree about the spending but if we don &apos;t get a real conservative in the white house there is little you can do !
all federal regulation and federal laws should be repealed , federal lands turned back over to the states that they are within .
u can &apos;t impeach a president , when both sides r just as corrupt .
are you saying obama didn &apos;t bring us back from the brink ?
mccain is on the wrong side of this .
you could have cut defense spending by that much and it would not have been noticed .
i got a plan that allows me to use my hsa again , costs about half my previous plan , and covers more wyoming doctors .
the treasury is part of both the irs and the delphi scandals .
this administration has no creditable leg to stand on for us to believe them .
maybe soon real american patriots will realize that the republican party does not have their best interest in mind
woke-up god bless america !
you must run for speaker !
it &apos;s too bad that you can &apos;t show the leadership senator enzi has shown in his support of the proposals put forth by the &quot; gang of six &quot; .
all you do is waste our tax dollars on all of those hearings that are useless
good work lindsey !
while you and mccain where off enjoying a threesome a young politician took a stand .
when the first black president ( for which he has not been forgiven ) wants to treat everyone equally you want to impeach him ?
obama now has my vote as your side gets nothing done .
you don &apos;t seem to be getting the message that we want the law repealed .
obama should pull in his lower lip and come to the table !
no amnesty for immigrants .
obama is out of control , but everyone that stands by and just lets him do this is no better than he is .
unconstitutional does not bother obama .
my wife and i voted for dave earlier today .
conservatives should not be appearing on msnbc .
amash / cruz 2016 or cruz amash 2016. i want the united states constitution back .
thanks bruce keep up the good work wish there were more like you in congress
you work for us , not betsy devos .
there is no compromise when it comes to violating the constitution .
i voted for trump , but devos is not a good choice for our educational secretary !
no amnesty , and no obamacare ... and no obama !
stay strong in your convictions and principles .
you &apos;ve got nothing to replace it with .
i listened to the lame speech pres o gave this afternoon .
the guy who called you a wacko bird is a dodo bird .
watched you senator standing up for our military .
what is going on tim , the illegals are brazenly demanding the senate to cave in to their demands .
he is chaos just like jeb bush said .
they got to comey again ! !
the tsa is a joke - the seceretary of homeland security is one of those responsible for letting illegals flow across the border into arizona and did nothing to get it stopped .
obama pays them well with our money !
there is not a chance that obama will be impeached , focus on the midterms and getting rinos like izakson , graham , mccain and their ilk out .
so , she &quot; couldn &apos;t support the decision by the democratic majority to fund this unworkable law &quot; so she joined them along with the rest of the &quot; republican &quot; cowards and voted for cloture and supported them and this &quot; unworkable law &quot; anyways .
after this ..... holder isn &apos;t going any where obama is circling the wagons
or maybe obama is playing the game of &quot; what can you do for me when i &apos;m out of office game &quot; .
but for 220 years , since the passage of the bill of rights in december 1791 , we &apos;ve handled many , many threats to and attacks inside our country within the constitutional framework of due process of law , including formal charges and trials .
i &apos;ve been trying to call your office all day , senator lamar alexander -- as a public educator , i can assure you that betsy devos is a huge no , and it &apos;s not a partisan issue .
that &apos;s the marco rubio we all know and love .
force john boehner to resign - today !
it &apos;s ok rand- we are all just a bunch of wacko bird hippies i suppose : )
merry christmas mr gowdy and a happy new year .
plz tell me marsha did not cosponsor this act .... plz !
called rep. kerry bentivolio 11th district and his office says he is voting no .
he probably almost shook boehner out of his rear end from laughing so hard .
their goal is to destroy the federal government .
welcome to the rino club kristi---it didn &apos;t take you long ! !
you , lindsey graham and mitt romney have see the hysterics of donald trump .
reagan was a bumbling fool .
vote for peace ... no war against syria ... no war ... vote no
the flag should stay
i am with you tom , people forget what patriots are .
hopefully the perception is wrong but it almost seems as if the tea party wants the country to go into default only to hurt president obama &apos;s chances in 2012. thanks for ultimately standing for country over party .
the president needs to step down and out of the white house
most of all run opposing obamacare .
every morning our children pledge allegiance to the flag and to this country .
congress needs to put some restraints on his budget .
i am sure the debates will decide which man will be our next president , but what will decide what will change congress ? ? ? ?
no recess apointment .
then instead of just bitching about it ; get a quorum of congressmen and start impeachment hearings .
seeing as how the devos family contributed to senator mccain to the tune of 36,600.00 it &apos;s not likely we will see john mccain say no to betsy devos , ... but maybe he will shock us .. who knows .. anything is possible .. right ?
no he didn &apos;t say that .
i urge rep. stivers to cosponsor rep. mia love &apos;s bill ... hr4335 .. one subject at a time act .
blackburn smugly said &quot; people are probably going to realize they can live with a lot less government than what they thought they needed . &quot;
obama wants them all to the citizens at our expense cutting our benefits .
john mccain , we need some principled republican congressmen to stand up to trump .
you said it yourself , &quot; if impeachment were viable &quot; .
in the end , it is no compromise .
raising taxes - for anyone , is complete insanity .
praying for paris and the entire world
god bless his heart !
sir the second amendment is not debatable , and you are a flat out bald faced liar .
john mccain and buttercup lindsey graham will never be satisfied until we declare war on every country on earth .
votes to repeal &quot; obamacare . &quot;
this president is determined to destroy our country .
yes and i believe congress should jump at the opportunity to go back to washington to do their job
being a fiscal conservative does not mean you have to want a weak america .
dr. paul should have been president .
have a backbone for once and stand up to obama
he does not have the power to rewrite the constitution so therefore , he is committing treason with his actions .
open letter reply to mr. sasse .
you &apos;re just jealous of mia , trying to steal her thunder .
what do u think a paul - carson ticket for 2016
i &apos;m dissapointed in you also mr. rand paul .
but it is a catch 22. need to lay off goverment workers and get rid of special perks and goverment vehicles .
all of the gopers have their strengths and weaknesses ..... i &apos;m inclined to support marco at this point ... he &apos;s got his foibles but they fade into obscurity when compared to those of santorum , huckabee , the cruiser , paul , and perry .... these guys look more like a cast from saturday night live ..... just say &apos;in ... happy flag day !
it &apos;s too late for you to get on board the # trumptrain traitor !
the point is to hold the line and stand on our principles .
no kidding ........
for anyone living near mcminnville , tn ( warren county tn ) we will be holding a meeting about common core this thursday night june 12th if you would like to attend we would love to have you ! ! !
i am praying for all in washington that each one connected to our government examine his or her own heart and speak the truth , i pray that it will not be about political parties or agendas , but what is right in god &apos;s sight .
obama needs to resign .
oppose cloture and honor ted cruz for what he is a real senator not for sale !
hold the line sir
there are so many lost people who need the lord !
obama needs to be sitting next to morsi with his bother ...
impeachment should be in the immediate future ...
it is time to stop it now and the printing of money ! ! ! ! !
conservatives being conservative ...
right on , but the media does not want to point that out .
lamar alexander ( tenn . ) kelly ayotte ( n.h. ) , richard burr ( n.c. ) , saxby chambliss ( ga . ) , tom coburn ( okla . ) , susan collins ( maine ) , bob corker ( tenn . ) , jeff flake ( ariz . ) , lindsey graham ( s.c. ) , dean heller ( nev . ) , john hoeven ( n.d. ) , johnny isakson ( ga . ) , mark kirk ( ill . ) , john mccain ( ariz . ) , pat toomey ( pa . ) and roger wicker ( miss .
honorable sir , time for talk is over , let &apos;s see action !
mrs. devos does not appear to understand even the basics of educational law !
apparently palazzo hasn &apos;t read the constitution .
john mccain has lost touch with what america is all about !
still did not say any thing new his obamacare has cost me two primary care doctor in the last 5 months the one that replaced my first one did not last 6 months
prayers for our country blame now will not help us
democrat or republican if they don &apos;t think we need the bill of rights , they are not supporting or protecting our constitution , our human rights , our freedom , or our nation and they should be fired .
we need unity mr. speaker .
obama has gotten our country so screwed up that it seems like the only way to fix it is to shut the whole thing down and start over .
just when is he going to act like a president and quit blaming everyone else for this situation ? ?
you have my vote mr. poliquin
obama will negotiate with terrorist but not republicans
the words incompetent , dereliction of duty , and impotent , come to mind when i think of obama ... and boehner refuses to impeach him even after the election if we take the senate ?
thanks from tennessee , home of senator bob corker and gov .
people are losing their jobs today because of obamacare .
i can tell you sir , i will not obey the obamacare mandate .
agreed congressman bob goodlatte !
he will remember whose interests he represents and will do it in style ; kevin yoder will make kansas proud .
our government is killing off a decent american citizens cattle because he refuses to obey a unconstitutional order .
i think he over stepped his authority , but the fact that you people on capital hill can &apos;t get anything done is disgusting .
president obama is a habitual liar and has been from &quot; day one &quot; .
how is this not treason and why is no one arresting him ?
come on marco you signed the pledge , don &apos;t be a typical politician get on the trump train buddy .
he wants people dependent on the government .
senator isakson - i am a georgia resident living in smyrna .
start packing your bags paul ryan .
the children of tennessee need you to vote no .
lawless administration subverting the rule of law demands impeachment and defunding .
we need god back in schools homes and especially in government .
i &apos;m voting for jonny isakson and jody hice and ms clinton .
this judge must think he is obama , the dictator .
thx for letting your constituents know where you stand on this issue , and i too , would like to share with everyone what stand up for religious freedom is promoting .
an endorsement by rino john mccain , ....... a kiss of death ?
thank god that gosar , salmon , shweikert , and franks still have their souls ! !
then another lie about bush causing the economy to fail and leaving obama with the mess .
i sure respect you , mr. gowdy !
of course this is just one of your staffers reading and posting for you .... so could you pass this along to sen. lindsey graham
2016 president marco rubio !
this administration has been abusing power and needs to be held accountable
do the right thing , mr. speaker , and step down for the good of the party .
do something --say something marco .
all statesmen in our federal government need to stand up with senator cruz and make a stand against this disgusting and dangerous law .
ron paul = end of civilization
where are you shouting to impeach the guy in our white house ... exactly because he has not only failed that requirement , but has complained about it hindering what he whats ? ? ?
obama is only for himself .
ohh hell no !
he needs to disclose his tax returns .
also , why will congress not do something to stop him , as in impeach the traitor ? ? ? ?
tell the greens to stuff it and cut and use the timber it &apos;s a waste not to .
i have been sitting and listening for the past 5 hours to senator ted cruz and senator mike lee .
please run against lindsey graham for the senate
wish you would have done this earlier but better late than never .
writing in cruz !
we need to pray for godly wisdom , and for people &apos;s hearts to be open to hear the truth and respond accordingly .. it only takes a spark to get afire going ....
senator , you &apos;re embarrassing yourself by being so blatantly wrong about obamacare .
it &apos;s sad that this article says that cruz , trump and rubio are winner &apos;s .
it is treasonous the way some members of our government are acting !
i see a bright , bright future for you mia .
god bless you mia ! ! ! ! ! !
we were attacked by islamists ... they put a muslim flag in place of the united states flag ... they did not put an egyptian flag in its place ... 11 years ago we were attacked by islamists ... they will not stop ! !
maximum liberty seems to be a status which recognizes there is a need for government .
no wonder we are in debt !
obamacare must be 110 % defunded and made sure there can be not back door deals ...
end all foreign aid !
i pray that you do the right thing , the moral thing and vote &quot; no &quot; for betsy devos .
i &apos;m hoping that it &apos;s not even close in any county , but wouldn &apos;t it be awesome to have a big buzz going on around there over ron paul ?
rooting for you in november , mia !
and you are not a traitor , fight the good fight dr. senator rand .
we do not need a gutless politician like crist who took obama &apos;s money and further put florida in the hole .
vern , when the subject of putting back the taxes on the most wealthy americans to where they were before the &quot; temporary tax breaks &apos; went into effect , the answer from the gop is that this will hinder job growth .
my granddaughter has special needs and ms. devos wants to cut government funding for disabled children .
mitt romney is still our best guy , but i really think trey gowdy had courage &amp; integrity !
your links are just plan idiotic as are your positions .
period sir !
only to end o care is to vote out all dems .
happy thanksgiving trey gowdy god bless you we love you ....
i think a , since the obama gang has taken the jobs away .
yes that &apos;s right just remember that why we voted for you so god bless you and keep at it
welcome to facebook , dave .
here &apos;s to you not being re-elected in sc .
our prayers are with you .
i don &apos;t imagine that you &apos;d do the same so the least that you can do is reauthorize the zadroga act to ensure that the 9 / 11 first responders get the care that they so desperately need and deserve .
i know that john mccain was against the actions because he had been a pow and knew what torturous methods were .
tim , reading the wsj and keeping up with the greece debt issue and it looks like spain is next .
i do not support the confirmation of ms. devos .
you did not vote to give the executive branch extraordinary powers , you do not have the courage to stand before the american people and state that congress is sundering the powers of congress to the executive .
force d.c. to balance budget on a calendar year and get rid of the antiquated fiscal year
i wish i could vote for you but i do not live in utah .
no taxation without representation , do we remember those words ?
no wmd ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
sen coburn is actually a physician and i don &apos;t always agree with him but of all oklahoma &apos;s politicians he is the most knowledgable in this subject .
how do they not see that by securing the border first even the environment in that desert land is better protected than if we restrain ourselves and let it be plundered ?
mia , your comments all correct .
by the way , we still want answers about the benghazi cover up and fast and furious ! !
mr mcclintock i am a conservative .
please , please listen to your constituents in wyoming , not these ill-informed liberals .
totally agree but it is a total shame the liberal media spinning it incorrectly .
amen where is it going to end !
you just convinced me even more to oppose spending .
we are the idiots for letting him get away with this .
# standwithrand in 2016 !
defund obama care , no amnesty for illegals , and hands off my 2nd amendment .
we must make our lawmakers realize we dont want our tax dollars going to these sick murderers .
what a gigantic mess congress has gotten us in .
and be exempt from obamacare
i respectfully disagree , sir .
obamacare is not what the people want so don &apos;t spend our money trying to push it on us ! !
happy new year mia .
fund the government and defund obamacare ! ! !
the gop leadership has failed us miserably .... those of you who are in power who are truly conservative must fight back .
mr. allen you need to remove those blinders you have on and take a good look at this country , can you honestly say we are on the right track , i think not
thanks tim , glad we have someone from south carolina that stands up for our conservative beliefs.i &apos;m only sorry that we don &apos;t get to vote for all elected officials that make decisions that effect our lives .
there no better them me except there pay .
you are the lowest form of a politician , publicly say you would stand with rand , then vote for it ...... put the letter ( l ) behind your name to more describe your political poise ......... liar !
you rock on marco .
# fireboehner &amp; # firemcconnell - they are not upholding their oath to the constitution .
please reconsider changing your vote to no .
can you help florida be blessed with constitutional carry sir ?
it &apos;s not even a fair debate .
can you sleep at night knowing what he has done to this country and yall are thinking about caving in to him .
if the president refuses , or is incapable , to do his job , congress needs to show up , stand up and step in , override him and fulfill the job of protecting our citizens .
i know the people of alabama voted for it , but we don &apos;t vote on the rights of our citizens , they are inherent .
and of course , you as well as i know that the answer would be a resounding no .
he lied about the cost of obamacare .
you are a true american hero , god bless !
which chamber &apos;s leadership tried to skip town on thursday without any action on our own crisis at the border ?
it was a military attack , it needed congress approval .
you are a conservative .
the republicans need to clean house if you want them to hear you .
and yes sen paul we are in your state !
sir , this is off subject but we want to see it come true .
when are you running for president mr .
oklahoma for donald trump 2016 , this group is open for business come join .
why doesn &apos;t someone stand up to them .
ridiculous that those in congress threating the nation like terrorist to shut down our nation while they themselves suffer nothing .
pass the zadroga bill giving the first responders what they deserve !
if that second party would honestly stand up for the constitution and against the socialistic agenda that our current wh is forcing upon us , that would be fine .
you were elected to represent the state of tn and we have spoken .
the only difference between mccain and obama is obama admits he is a democrat .
other presidents have pulled us out of recessions and problems .
they are not politicians they are brats and should be tried for treason for what they are doing to the country .
this is what ohb wants is for the private sector o be done in and out of his way so that he can continue with the government take over of all our country and have us as peasants to do as they say ! ! !
can you mr roy help with immigration reform
i think it &apos;s time for the president to resign in disgrace .
thanks , now talk to angus king , apparently he didnt and negated senator collins vote .
i feel he is talking out if both sides of his mouth ... &quot; this is a matter of national security &quot; , &quot; the assad regime is not threat to us &quot; ... which is it mr. president ?
you were part of the failed gop during obama &apos;s fiasco .
the good news is mia might not have to work with her because she &apos;s in danger of losing her seat .
our hope and pride that we have a true patriot in the senate for our great state of iowa that we can count on
please continue to stand firm to protect our second amendment .this administration has failed at it &apos;s main duty to service and protect .
i &apos;m horrified by your decision to abandon south carolina students - again .
if it means that a small portion of the government is shut down , so be it .
god bless you bill .
1- 3 year term for congress and 1 - 5 year term for senate no retirement benefit .
thanks trey for saying it like it really is ! !
you guys that fought to the last are heroes in our sight &amp; like the scattered band of sc farmers in the sc militia , they rallied under francis marion &apos;s swamp fox fight to rout cornwallis in the carolinas &amp; clench our independence from the king of england .
i believe that trump will be the republican nomination instead of mr cruz .
then they will try and kill our military with that equipment .
unlike mr johanns who vote for all of these and supports mr barry aka mr obama .
we need a speaker of the house that will cut spending ( a good start would be cut all funds , that is all funds ) to illegals , another good step would ge to cut funds to women having babies out of wedlock in order to collect a check month after month .
the group , that holds the majority of americans wealth , keeps getting smaller and the group , that has the least wealth , keeps getting larger .
didn &apos;t obama ask you guys to come and work with him to fix the problem areas ?
you have no spine you chickenshit bastard !
whats your end game mr paul ryan ?
happy birthday jesus and merry christmas to you marsha .
any state that does not have an irs office etc would simply have the states &apos; tax collecting agency take over the duties of the old irs .
perhaps president obama and senator reid should have read the constitution so that they would know how our government is supposed to work .
don &apos;t talk , don &apos;t preach , just do something about it without making the republican party look like a bunch of crazy haters .
how is congress getting away with this ....
sounds like someone reinstated the patriot act without telling anybody
go &quot; senator burr &quot; we are on your side here in western north carolina district 10 .
don &apos;t fund aca but find another way to help with health care ; figure out immigration ; eliminate all the new posts obama has created since the 1st term ; properly fund the military .
get isis leader out of our oval office !
2 ) stop all pork barrel spending .
i believe god will hold them accountable for the destruction of lives they are willfully ignoring ! !
if it is not broken .... do not fix it ...... i agree the government should govern it &apos;s on government .
just would like to say , john mccain .
abolish federal reserve , has already been done twice in our history , it is time again ! !
or shall we wait until it is too late to stop the bureaucrats ?
how , senator graham , do you propose to make a difference with new laws that also will not be enforced ?
so many &quot; phony &quot; scandals that i don &apos;t trust this potus to lead our nation in any endeavor .
also of failed status quo republican policies .
instead of bashing mccain ( and bush also served ) try thanking them for serving to keep your freedom of speech alive for you t0 bash them .
i resign would be what i want to hear most .
watch they will keep on kill kill kill people &apos;s remove flag won &apos;t work
i really don &apos;t understand the folks that sign up for sen. mccain &apos;s updates only to trash &apos; em .
you need to co-sponsor this bill and vote for it , not just write letters to the speaker .
emperor obama need to have his salary stopped for however long it takes him to negotiate and all vacations ( at our expense ) stop as well
that was a bigger blow to our constitution than anything obama has done .
if the bill passes the senator will then be able to hide how much he is being subsidized .
they cut his dad out of debate once .
a republican whining about someone thinking they &apos;re above the law .
have a safe easter
no , we are counting on congress to hold obama accountable ! ! !
keep &quot; getting it right &quot; , mia ! !
please remember liberty always !
not to say the republican majority would try to do something as sneaky as this but just inform us of anything attached to this bill that has nothing to to with national defense .
senator , we are tired of losing sir .
tell it like it is mr .
rubio 2020
china was stupid enough to buy our debt , and then you complain that china then wants to spend the money ?
ryan , you don &apos;t mean what you say .
something could &apos;ve been done for benghazi .
especially if they are going along with obama and his crap !
at the same time , the idaho state legislature and the people of idaho need to step up and exercise their 9th and 10th amendment rights by telling the epa , other federal bureaucracies and , when needed and appropriate , the federal government itself , where to stick it .
did we not learn anything from the obamacare debacle ?
instead of getting all puffed up about putting a law before the senate for a vote , why don &apos;t you stand up , representing the people of georgia and get indignant about the vote not being constitutional — unlawful ! ?
you are an enemy now .
it was bush that created the mess in the middle east .
fire the whole bunch at election time !
would love to think this would stop the jets from going to egypt .
when will the potus remember that there are americans out here that can &apos;t feed their families while we feed him and his , can &apos;t go on vacation while we pay for their and they feel that it is owed to them .
stop all foreign aid and let them fend for themselves while we fix our own backyard !
john a. boehner , the hon .
well just raise the debt ceiling and it will be someone else &apos;s problem !
i have been praying for you and the baby since your first posting ... praise god for his mighty acts .
compromise got us to this unsustainable debt , massive spending on social programs and loss of our freedoms .
flush congress &amp; start over .
i just might have to move to kentucky if the people here ( nh ) keep acting the same way !
have some guts to do what &apos;s right instead of towing the party line .
he shld be speaking for himself , marco for president
vote out the ones responsible in 2014
i just read that since diane feinstein &apos;s assault weapons ban proposal has been killed , obama sent kerry to the un to work with them to get our guns .
congressman bruce poloquin and the house will do the right thing .
senator murkowski i wish you would express the same moral outrage at the patriot act and the tsa security theater .
nuts to impeachment ... arrest for treason
you should have stood with rand paul !
our borders need to be secure and anyone here illegal needs to be sent back home !
link doesn &apos;t work .. please vote to kill the rule and kill obamacare and impeach obama before he destroys our great nation .
you obviously do not listen to your constituents .
robert a king : removing all aid from south korea would spark a war through the entire region .
lee bright will win back the peoples seat , you have called it your own way too long !
my prayers for them ! !
vote no tpa
americans are looking for 46 gop senators to do what they promised when they wanted our vote.i was shocked to see you were not on the list of supporters of a no vote on cloture .
i &apos;d say it &apos;s pretty obvious john mccain doesn &apos;t read the comments people post on here .
nice thing to say mia but you could of used your own advice prior to the election .
and any feds that get in the way .
i would like to ask you to seriously consider changing your party affiliation and joining the constitution party .
looking forward to your retirement mr. mcconnell .
you are as big of a whiner as ted cruz and idiot rubio .
- that is why we need to have a well armed militia as we the people - i believe a revolution is what it will take to wake the government up !
amanda - add the rinos to that problem list .
chris christie is afraid of obama .
unfortunately the administration is untouchable
sanford was awesome !
i am disappointd in you and tim scott .
let sc heal from this atrocious act of violence , let these families grieve their loved ones , let the communities come together as one .
they are again wasting our money .
it is way past time to begin the impeachment of hussein !
thanks lamar alexander for help me choose my vote the next you are up for reelection .
i &apos;m going to say that deep down , in some lost fiber of his being , that john mccain knows he should have been there with you and not over in some toney dc bistro shlurping up whatever with obama .
mr. desjarlais , what are our representatives going to do to stop this ?
the very reason illegals come to this country for .
we know you don &apos;t actually know or care about mandela sir .
do something about it , that &apos;s what we the people are paying you to do !
i am part of the wacko bird flock then ! ! !
including rand paul .
enforce immigration law now &gt; &gt; &gt;
hey rand , why don &apos;t you take a poll ?
my contempt for graham and mccain is beyond containment .
i thought you were the real thing and as a cuban american i was really proud of you , not any more .
more specifically , if every government official had the same views on government as rand paul and justin amash , that would be a great government .
quit talking about it and do something !
keep in mind , the more money we send to dc , the more the will spend , nothing will go to deficit , or debt reduction .
yea do that johnny baby , then we they come home , you can take their guns from them ! !
it also discredits the accusation that funding was cut for benghazi because of department of state cuts but was the responsibility of the cia .
my belief is that if you have one false thing in an article or report , then nothing in it is to be trusted .
tim - we are going to need your help big time in jim clyburn &apos;s district .
( comment # 153 ) * if you vote for cloture , you are voting to fund obamacrap .
he didn &apos;t grant amnesty and he has total authority to do what he did .
i intend to see that you have a supporting counterpart when that rino comes up for election .
here is another politicization of terrorist by obama .
i dont know his view on the fair tax but i can promise you .. he would be more willing to support it than robin ..
the question i would like you to ask is : they gave them the 400 million plus interest .
the election was about bringing a conservative agenda to the forefront , not a rino one .
the patriotic american people love you , trey gowdy ! !
we love you , marsha blackburn .... keep fighting for us
so true tom
that obama allocated money to the enemy .
sir dana rohrabacher all love and respect from egypt , thanks for giving a hand in our fights against terrorism in egypt
kiss bye bye to the vp slot , marco .
we kept a close eye on the immigration bill and we saw how that went .
the political machine will do whatever it takes to oust those with integrity and maintain the status quo .
he needs to be kicked out of office !
johnny mac , you might be the last best hope for the survival of the american experiment .
here &apos;s to hoping and praying that this evil organization gets defunded !
this is what happens when you remove god from schools &amp; other public places and in some cases the home also !
i want to see our loyal , patriotic congressmen ( what few are left ) to stand up and tell the truth about obama &apos;s comrades and his ( independently reported ) power over the media .
👎 marsha , marsha , marsha ... 😜
stay strong , bring troops home , no gmo &apos;s , stop nsa , audit the fed , no infringement of 2nd amendment , legalize marijuana in all forms , defund obamacare , corporations are not people and free ballot access for anyone .
rubio wins if it doesn &apos;t snow .
1. since the president &apos;s number 1 job is the security of the us and it &apos;s citizens , what was he briefed on and when ?
this is precisely where the obama regime and globalist handlers want our focus to be .
totally agree mr. rubio ! !
i would also ask why no security for over a month especially after everyone else had left .
i appreciate knowing that there are still a few good ones left , but they can &apos;t do it all on their own , what we should be doing is holding accountable the ones that aren &apos;t listening to their constituents and voting them out next election and voting in more like mr. lankford .
to the point of treason .
please , mr. gowdy , please position yourself to run for the potus !
pretty soon , we &apos;ll all be on welfare , and then our president will be happy .
also you need to stop any foreign aid to egypt , think of how much money we will save ....
i suppose they will get mike huckabee and ben carson to do a rain dance .
it reflects this administration the website and the law .
obama for his actions or congress for letting him get away with it
we are through with this socialist appeasement that has run rampant in washington for the last six years .
the federal government needs to get out of the way a return to the restrictions of its power as outlined in the constitution .
there is no &quot; commonsense &quot; in washington d.c.
the aca is a success and the president is trying to do his job , even though the worst congress in the history of our nation refuses to do theirs .
&quot; jesus does not hold you to obedience to authority that is dishonest .
you sir signed a pledge to support the republican nominee and now you refuse ?
i think i want to move to oklahoma now !
marco rubio is a fine man and upright senator to represent all floridians .
johnny , you voted for this plan to go forward so don &apos;t tell me you are opposed to obamacare .
resolution of the fiscal cliff with little or no tax hikes !
speak your piece as tradition goes senator paul &amp; move on because as john wayne says &quot; daylights a burning ! &quot;
obama &gt; killed pipeline , seized the internet &amp; cut off your ammo in just one week !
too bad you couldn &apos;t take his spot mia !
rep messer get rid of the rino &apos;s please , we need strength and americanism .
stand your ground please and get boehner to do the same &apos; !
ben sasse is doing a major cya right now .
an af pilot we know was on the tarmac with a rapid response team to go to benghazi and was told to stand down and abort the mission .
in lou we trust ... 🇺 🇸
50 % of my paycheck goes to taxes , health insurance and my church .
stop him the dictator and chief .
paul ryan , go away please !
we need to reduce government spending , especially overseas , stop any legislation that supports amnesty , and repeal the aca .
help end the shutdown and vote for a clean cr .
@ mr. bowerman and mr. lester : you hold up the eu and socialist nations as something to aspire to .
you all have forgotten the golden rule ... keep your friends close but keep your enemies closer .
tom , you are accusing chuck of being the hen guarding the fox house .
so while the nsa is spying on all american citizens , the gang of eight wants to just open the border and let anyone cross it seems .
laws can be and have ben repealed .
please vote no to defund this program .
our elected officials need to have the same attitude as mr .
shall we permit executive lawlessness now ?
look forward to meeting you and your dad when we get to texas !
resign from your seat mitch ... kentucky and the us deserve better !
merry christmas to you and your family , senator trey gowdy !
georgians have told you that betsy devos is the most unqualified candidate ever to be considered for education secretary .
i want to see the mandate handed to the republican &apos;s last used to stop this out of control spending and make deep cuts if necessary .
the republican leadership is an embarrassment to the constitution .
hey paul , you have to go too .
mia is &quot; change &quot; we can count on ! !
btw , it would have been nice to see an equally firm stance with a no vote on the 2011 cr which was a scam , instead of your yes .
greg you got it backwards .
dilma rousseff along with former president inacio lula da silva and the pt ( workers party ) are literally officially diverting billions of dollars of people &apos;s tax money to venezuela cuba and other african communist countries without hiding from the press .
i &apos;m with rand .
please mingle and congregate with cruz and paul so you can learn what conservative republicans look like and believe .
i am a retired teacher , who would like you to support public education by voting no to the confirmation of betsy devos .
rand ... if john mccain thinks that you are wacko bird ... then just what is he ? ? ?
tom this is why you are probably the best member of the house .
you are letting the people of nc and all of americans down .
they never have wanted to cut spending .
no esea and no common core !
enforce the constitution .
instead of bitching about what he does , lets impeach him
how can we impeach obama ?
then use that money to pay down debt and quit borrowing so much .
i wish you would have had the guts to stand up and not support this imbecile for president .
your choice to vote for her is a slap in the face to your constituents , and the students of georgia .
we need that seditious traitor out of the white house , one reason for impeachment is treason so we have 1 more count to add to osama er obamas indictment
these are the guys who vioted 50 + times to repeal obamacare but they are the ones trying to get things done ?
the fact is lindsey u and rest of the party are crooked .
it covers life , business , government , and economy .
you also must remove the pork .
but the worse news is that obama has now begun the process and he plans to release all of the detainees before he leaves office .
stop obama from going behind congress to sign executive orders for his agenda !
kind of like congress cant get along
https : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? feature = player _ embedded &amp; v = zltkmyg4zbi when do we get to indefinitely detain mccain for consorting with terrorists ?
keep yelling it out rand !
they are all alarming symptoms so we must attack the cause : disregard of the constitution
we don &apos;t seem to know which lindsey we are going to get from day to day ; one day you are going to stand against trump , the next day you re back on the trump train .
thanks to senator jerry moran of kansas for standing with rand paul , while mccain , graham and a host of other ( r ) senators sucked up to obama at a lavish dinner .
watch paul boehner ryan and mitch mcconnell make some kind of deal behind closed doors and just flat out let him to &quot; get along &quot;
the way obama , kerry , hilary , pelosi , reid , and the bunch are behaving ought to trouble a good majority of us .
rubio is just as bad as obama supporting the illegals .
the 25 republican senators that voted for cloture posted on september 27 , 2013by warriorwoman91 a vote in favor of cloture was a vote to cut off all debate on the house budget bill that would have defunded obamacare .
get on road of stopping obama and all the other ones we elected .
what would you replace it with .
i am with her now because you and fellow republicans gave me no choice !
we were told if we cut back oil consumption by 20 % we would no longer have to rely on oil from the middle east .
patrick mulloy again your claim was that patrick mchenry and 150 republicans voted no on the the american taxpayers relief act of 2012 &quot; .
repealing the bill would allow people to pick thier insurance if they choose to be insured .
s.c. has it right a pay as you go system .
so how about you actually do something to help them instead of trash talking the potus every chance you get .
mr. gowdy , should we the people hold an uprising and demand law be followed , or do you and rest of the elected house and senate hold that power ?
those who turn your back on god will not be shown favor by god !
to : robert pittenger nc congress .
on paul ryan .
the beauty of this process is that neither the president nor congress has the authority to stop it .
why don &apos;t all of you in congress just stay out of our business .
go pound sand lindsey !
marsha , i applaud your dedication to this country .
if he had it his way he would rely on mainly tax increases with little spending cuts .
if cloture were truly a vote to &quot; defund &quot; the aca as you state you support , then harry reid and democrats would not be supporting it .
and yes ... you are the worst congressman we have ever had ...
praying for you &amp; your staff here in clay co !
with the ferguson situation , he should have stood up in front of america and said , &quot; this will not be tolerated &quot; but he did not .
a true christian will be attacked by many but be strong and hold onto the truth that god has promised us .
he &apos;s really scaring the idiots that are calling themselves republicans
member when the old fossil establishment types all get humiliated off the stage when we all joined trumps movement against them , mccain u are one of those vintage relics that will soon be disregarded if u don &apos;t retain some of the little dignity u have left .
office of the speaker h-232 the capitol washington , dc 20515 phone : ( 202 ) 225-0600 fax : ( 202 ) 225-5117 light it up !
he is a great choice , but i read that he did not want the position .
the whole freaking administration is like this ....
i obama and all the rest are so dishonest .
first , that unknown 3rd party candidate would have an incredible and almost virtually impossible agenda to accomplish in a short period of time .
i stand by israel .
the flag was a part of history and history is a part of america .
you people better start learning we are not stupid !
please quit lying for marco rubio
you talk about common sense spending priorities when it is time to vote on the debt ceiling .
thanks scott , your commitment to the principles of freedom is a joy during this time of the year ... too bad we are bombarded with relentless attacks from obama .
defund the snot out of it .
i hope i &apos;m around to see the gop establishment crumble !
i already know of two alaskans who are afraid or unable to travel because of this executive order .
stop the refugees from coming to tn and america at all
ben carson is a godly man .
when i was in high school : fidel was hiding in the jungles of cuba with his rebels &amp; fighting the evil dictator batista ! !
furthermore , show some real character and stand with other republicans who want the clean cr brought to the floor .
why don &apos;t y &apos;all do something about obama and his corrupt agenda .
when they fault the american flag for its history or its so called &quot; imperialism &quot; ?
we &apos;re praying for you , james .
it &apos;s only the american taxpayer , who is actually footing the bill ! , whose health care needs are a threat to capitalism and our constitution .
when and where is your town hall in oklahoma ?
no i don &apos;t trust this government with anything
sen. isakson intends to assist sen. reid &apos;s efforts to fund obamacare .
he &apos;s missing the point it &apos;s unacceptable to god and as christians should be unacceptable to us
please continue to represent we georgians in washington dc rather than represent washington dc to us !
instead of voting 52 times to repeal the aca .
that is the strategy behind obama &apos;s new pronouncements on the &quot; social cost &quot; of carbon emissions .
ahhh , you must be on to something , tom !
i support mia but talk is cheap .
any vote for a third party candidate would be a vote for hillary clinton ... i would have to question your agenda .
you have know joined to obama club and you are now just as responsible for any dept that is gained during boehner continuing reign .
i don &apos;t think there has ever been a more deserving person of impeachment than this man .
the republican party will destroy itself over this election and the liberals will take over the government and destroy this nation .
can we look forward to impeachment , resolution on benghazi , sibelius , ingram , holder then the debt .
shame on every spineless one of you .
i hope congressman trent franks gets onboard with this resolution .
that is negotiating , not starting out like boehner .
irene hobert he did not vote for obamacare .
obama must b impeached and all of his moronic ideas removed
another cr really ? ! ?
it is not what we prefer , what is congress going to do about obama and his stupid policies ?
john kerry didn &apos;t get up early enough ! !
obamacare just provided an exchange on which they can sell them .
how you like him now stupid liberal o liar inchief voters
to kyle lacio - have you ever watched trey gowdy in action - if you haven &apos;t you need to then it wouldn &apos;t seem so &quot; illogical &quot; he is the best !
impeach this no good s.o.b.
me alegro de la embajada , los pueblos cubano y norteamericano deben comerciar y prosperar y amarse y respetarse , los gobiernos no van a cambiar , pero los pueblos haran historia , viva mi patria usa , viva el pueblo de cuba
rand is the only answer .
another fool bragging about being a coward .
my first question , senator graham , have you read the bill in its entirety ?
a third party is my only choice , and the existing options ( i.e.
then senator obama was against raising debt ceiling in 2006 because the economy was booming , and giving more tax cuts to the already rich , while incurring more debt did not make any sense .
baltimore has no leadership .
not only no , but hell no !
vivien , you are flat out lying .
billy graham for the first time ever made a public statement this past fall with full page ad in the wall street journal- we are on the edge of a cliff morally , fiscally , politically , health-wise , and environmentally .
exactly scott , they &apos;re like the plague .
this country &apos;s overwhelming debt !
glad you care so little about the education of young people in north carolina .
bullshit senator , the constitution says that you are supposed to do your job , blocking a qualified nominee is not doing your job , it is yet another example of republican obstructionism , your party is already imploding , this game ya &apos;ll are playing is only going to make it worse .
we lost hope in our government way before obama tool office .
impeachment is the way .
defund and impeach while you are up there please !
go home paul you are drunk !
sorry , can &apos;t support anything jeff flake has to say .
get paid for each positive post you put up for ben sasse .
senator paul , you are correct ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
proud of ya from s.c. !
keep the faith praying for you .
- the patient protection and affordable care act , also known as the aca , or dirisively known as obamacare is a regular law .
we want a repeal of this unconstitutional health care law .
i liked ted cruz , ben carson and carly fiorina best .
how are you going to do that without empowering the insurance industry to overcharge for all patients who needed what obamacare afforded them ?
a new cr ( unfortunately because no budget or appropriations were taken up in the senate ) is next .
that &apos;s a nice way of putting it , marco .
scott , are you trying to say that you don &apos;t want to completely defund the government except only to fund obama &apos;s wars ?
americans need to speak up and take america back from the ones violating our constitution before it &apos;s too late .
now our country is left with this huge debt .
he is what america needs to turn our economy and jobs situation around .
families across our state urged you to vote no to betsy devos .
how sad it has become that all of you politicians in washington have allowed our precious and brave military who fight so hard for our freedom to lose their right to cast their vote for this presidential election 2012. how could all of you politicians in washington let this happen ? ? ?
was it bush &apos;s fault that the leak stopped or do we just blame him for the current admin screwups .
maybe , bu then hed thretened not to release social security checks if the debt ceiling is not raised .
i am a resident of georgia where we just defeated a measure that would turn over our local schools to a statewide charter system that would have no public oversight .
adrain ... i think dan coates will do fine if i remember he was not a rhino
well the only people who would vote for rand would take away from the gop .
mr. mccain look at the photo of the atrocities of ukrainian nationalists in odessa in the house of trade unions .
as a socialist i would like to ask what are your ideas or proposals ?
limiting the ability of the president to push his agenda through using executive powers
i chose you and others like you to help fix our health care and get government out of the business .
way more honorable than ted cruz .
if you think obamacare will be less costly are you in for a surprise .
senator mccain , what are you actively doing to stop this specific plan from taking effect ?
harry reid doesn &apos;t get nearly as much attention as he should .
i so agree with securing the borders .
horrible example--if lincoln had truly believed this , he wouldn &apos;t have caused the deaths of 600,000 americans , forcing the south to submit to the northern government .
your constituents in tn include all of us !
i say vote no ! !
praying for the miracle that only god can do .
i say keep it shut down and start impeachment process , for 8 billion dollar payment to the muslim brotherhood .
boehner and mcconnell absolutely must go !
pray that his ( obama ) eye &apos;s will be opened and he &apos;ll know that god is the only true living god and he will be saved !
if you look at the polls and all the comments that i have been seeing here on facebook , it was clear the american people did not want john boehner .
so james lankford we elected you and we expect you to take action .
among present house members , trey gowdy .
40 + years ago , as a teenager , i would venture on top of white mountain , climb to the top of pilot butte , and could easily see the uinta , windriver , and the wyoming range in the distance .
pandering to the left again rand ?
when are you going to come to our end of town and tour south university off farrow road ?
the epa has grown too powerful and is overstepping their bounds .
unfortationatly , the members of our party have allowed obama to roll all over us .
it has upset me to no end that lamar alexander is not listening to all the educators in tennessee as well as all over the country .
$ 41 tax increase for every ( so called , we will just see if they ever come to pass ) $ 1 tax cut .
people like you are why republicans have supported donald trump from the beginning .
greg walden is an idiot .
he just violated the constitution - yet again .
meaning , the order on immigration should have been reviewed and been better prepared before it &apos;s implementation ?
stand firm and do all you can to rid us of obamacare , or at least mitigate the damages until it can be repealed .
i am thankful for your honorable service to this country rep. gowdy god bless
the president has followed all the rules and protocol to put this before .
enjoy your day sir !
truly demonstrated how cowardly obama and holder really are .
what &apos;s happens to is govt employees by attaching the obamacare to the cr vote
rand paul is asking such a ridiculous question that it should not be dignified with an answer and he should get back to work on passing a federal budget instead of continuing to drag the economy down with obstructionist wastes of time .
save the second amendment and impeach obama .
that question is too logical for a demonrat to understand , tom mcclintock !
blame the patriot act - and then get rid of it !
the officer has been charged for what he did .
what the hell happened to you , mr .
remember that idiot in the senate that thought that 40 times the defense budget of any other country was too little ?
y &apos;know , we waste our time writing here .... i &apos;d bet he never reads any of it .
the democratics will never quit spending .
everyone wants to keep waiting until 2012 to change things , by then it will be too late and we will have collapsed .
cruz , rubio and fiorina impressed .
amen mr scott .
no not sorry i missed it either .
the convenient truth is that obama is as useless as a rubber beak on a woodpecker .
fox is biased ? ? ? ?
i prefer &quot; liberal special interests &quot; such as air and water , to koch brothers special interests such as owning hacks like you marsha .
the only way to make ﻿ this better is literally talk to every family member and friend about ron paul .
it also marks the fact that we are seriously tired of the way the republicans have cowered down to obama and have sided with the liberals wayyyyy too often .. we have started cleaning house at the top .. now we will work our way down and clean out the rest ... you have been warned .
may god bless you john mccain .
no author .
i pray that you feel the comfort of god &apos;s arms around you and your family in this time of sorrow .
it only takes two congressmen to file impeachment proceedings i &apos;ve been told .
lies lies lies ... this president is an enemy and all of you are cowards !
prayers and more prayers are needed for the parents who have forever been affected .
don &apos;t let us down rand paul !
) .. fed spending is up 30 % in two years , almost doubled since w bush ... how about we roll that back a littl bit huh ?
he is gonna be a great president and i plan to donate a lot of money that i stopped giving to republicans in the past 18 months .
saw you on fox today .
get on the stick man !
boehner just knows how to kick the can down the road .
the majority of people in sc did not want her in this role and our representatives totally dismissed the wishes of the people .
you have done a huge disservice to the children in north carolina .
your a winner marco !
the bill was introduced by dennis and paul .
liberty is just starting to make a big come back
stand to show due respect , but face away from obama to let everybody know they won &apos;t be capitulating .
you are sounding more and more like a rino .
we are still on the wrong course , and we &apos;ll be dealing with these issues with no flexibility to get out if our debt is double what it is now .
your actions are not in line with the republican party .
so why did bruce change his vote ?
impeachment , impeachment , to save america
shame on you sir , shame on you ! it &apos;s a sad day when you can sell our country &apos;s children ... what ever happen to &quot; we the people &quot;
prayers sent - may god bless you , lou ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
welcome home , sir .
and soon the dhs ss will round u up and put u into fema camps
he got his orders from haley barbour and did as he was told .
i love our country and that make policies are going the wrong way they are not listening to the people that put them there .
we need fire brands like yourself , ted cruz , and mike lee to stand up for us that do not have the ear of those in dc
senator love , we all know that obama is a law breaker .
rand paul 2016 ( i &apos;ve basically been saying it since dad dropped out of the race ) , party really shot themselves in the foot , hopefully they learned from this experience .
i assume you are talking to me dave .
republicans should accept nothing short of trillions of dollars in cuts before any increase in the debt ceiling .
keep up the right gop , fund only what needs to be funded , no wasteful spending , that includes niggercare
it was great seeing you at the townhall , along with another up and coming constitutionalist like yourself , ionia county commissioner , james lower .
there &apos;s more edits than original clauses - the current constitution is down to just under 40 % original material , and just over 60 % _ changes over time _ .
come home and turn on fox for shep smith , o &apos;riley , hannity and greta while listening to that read facebook .
let &apos;s stop talking and start taking action to protect our stand up for the constitution
senator michael rounds ( r ) from south dakota has signed on to the james zadroga 9 / 11 first responder health &amp; compensation act !
if he signs an executive order it will all be on him .
i guess that means that mr. ellis thinks our constitution is a detail to be worked around and that a president is free to attack anyone he wants .
the epa has too much authority already ...
a museum is a fine place to show this historic flag and express the heritage of my ancestors .
obama is a piece of camel feces !
you &apos;ve had 7 years to come up with a replacement plan .
trey gowdy , you have my respect and trust !
however the gop bills have no clear funding or said funding would increase the deficit .
why not endorse the only man that has been faithful to the us constitution ron paul ?
just praying the country can withstand 4 years of hc til we can finally vote for the right candidate !
something tells me those witnesses who said there was no stand down order either have death threats against them by odumbshit and hitlery or they are paid to say there were no stand down orders .
show us where in the constitution it says 60 votes are required for passage of a vote in the senate !
mr. moran has iran invaded us ?
read why a vote for cloture is a vote to support reid ! ! ! !
then use your position to rally the charge against amnesty in-the-works , and get your congressional cohorts on board !
i &apos;m a cuban american and a veteran you promised to support the nominee .
o is insane !
your stand on illegals is also an embarrassment .... retire old man !
we should cut all ties with them .
wow , marsha blackburn is just a tool for big oil .
ted cruz was left twisting in the wind ! ! !
i would like to know why this man hasn &apos;t been impeached and the aca thrown out
that was started to control biracial marriages , but to control state &apos;s rights granted under the constitution is sounding like a dictatorship and not a republic .
happy easter lynn .
remember some of you are the same people that wouldn &apos;t vote for romney based on religion and they kept electing obama .
ted cruz annoys the establishment republicans because he actually votes the way he speaks .
absolutely 100 % agree .
the boehner plan never balances , ever .
well y &apos;all sure didnt care about benghazi .
congress needs single item legislation like oklahoma has !
ben sasse then how should i vote if a viable third candidate does not surface ?
why dont we try and balance the budget .
that is not i repeat not what you were elected to do and you darn well know it ! ! !
i am watching you speak -- go representative lankford !
im just trying to say there are a lot of places we could cut spending with out taking it away from those who need it .
bless you ; trey gowdy .
rather than conservative , i &apos;m libertarian .
electing communists to office , and appointing communist judges
we know that , now do something about it .
let &apos;s deport tom rice ! ! !
god &apos;s speed lou !
you do not know how you have destroyed this party and it the establishment ( you ) fault .
at least he is standing up for the american people .
i would wish for rand paul to take a lot of lessons in public speaking from his father so that he could adress the audience with the same effect that ron paul does .
liberal symbolism - the flag is construed as a &quot; symbol of hate &quot; .
did he forget senator barrasso in this list ?
we can , in fact , secure the borders if obama enforces the laws currently on the books - starting with deporting all the illegals who are saying &quot; hey , come one over and bring all your friends .
do not let obamacare be funded ! ! !
israel is our only ally over there .
trey you sound really good , but none of you do anything after you find out they have done something wrong .
we know his priorities , tim , and they have nothing to do with the advancement of life , liberty , or the pursuit of happiness in this country .
border patrol should be considered an essential government service .
go play poker .
i oppose devos .
you , sir , are no patriot and no christian .
i &apos;m a teacher at a rural south carolina high school .
it &apos;s a shame that 17 very qualified candidates wasn &apos;t enough of a choice .
instead , stand with senator ted cruz in not allowing harry reid to strip the obamacare language out of the house bill before the vote .
why no one challenges obama is beyond everyone
more waste of time from the gop .
the economy is in much better shape than when he took office .
i can &apos;t believe our govt .
keep our ins .
congressional budget office reported that it expects that the internal revenue service and the department of health and human services will spend up to an additional $ 200 billion over the next decade on administering obamacare .
republicans want the government shutdown not obama .
she has no morals no loyalty to anyone except obama a true american would not sanction the murder of american citizens , would not stand by when our citizens are in danger .
thanks mr mccain for sopporting the syrian ppl , all american ppl forgotten over 120 000 victims and and millions refugees because they have seen some terrorist killed few soldiers of dictator criminal war assad
people that use a &quot; lie &quot; as a tool have taken over the government .
james , you &apos;re doing a good job .
you are all so very blessed to have rand paul as your senator .
the national debt issue was caused by ur republican predecessors .
we are getting frustrated enough we have to send a strong msg asap to impeached o !
either way the irs has too much power over who gets shafted .
49 wieners , yet well put about odumma , he &apos;s ruining our great nation and senate / congress won &apos;t fire him and wife .
that &apos;s what we put you in the job to do .. don &apos;t turn rino on us .
am praying it can be overturned .
i would like to hear him say that he &apos;s resigning effective immediately and taking all his advisors with him .
so sad .. god bless his family and comfort them , in jesus name ..
and like obamacare
he is evil and anything he can do to inflict pain on americans he will do .... we haven &apos;t seen the worst yet .
our nation needs the prayers .
you guys didn &apos;t stop amnesty .
when are you going to start impeachment proceedings agains obama ?
we have enough idiots in the government trying to ruin this country .
we , the people with our vote can enforce term limits on these career politicians that have been in wash dc too long .
a house member votes on bills coming back from the senate n committee .
don &apos;t worry they have a plan to make all illegals legal so they can pay taxes .
the tone of the republican party is of this congressman .
congress needs to put a stop to executive branch / president from overstepping the others .
amen and god bless thm all and their families
we must cut spending ! !
the feds control 70 % of the largest state in the union , it shouldn &apos;t be too difficult to connect the dots to see that more expenses will be the result .
if we don &apos;t embrace our neighbors like cuba and central and south america our communist enemies like russia and china will .
well said , mike .
i oppose betsy devos because she has no experience in public education .
you &apos;ll be watching future presidential debates from your apartment in nc if you don &apos;t distinguish yourself as a maverick in the senate .
we all cheered his opposition to obamacare .
he told the truth and he sounds like he will hit it head on and take care of business
there is no accountability in the charter schools ga has set up and if left to this woman there will be none .
ole flip flop scott ! !
soldiers should be taught the constitution they defend , the majority of regular soldiers have no clue what it says , therefore they obey illegal orders , this needs to be stopped or the teaching of the constitution in boot camp must start along with the other brain washing that takes place .
trey ... again what about hillary ?
mccain and the rest of the establishment is what &apos;s wrong with this country democrats and republicans both go trump
if you don &apos;t like it paul , work on changing the law .
now don &apos;t cave like the rest of them have !
rubio didn &apos;t work when in office before , why would we want him now .
i just lost all respect for mccain .
i will be praying for you and all other elected officials to be able to work with cat in order to reconsider this decision good luck 🙏 🏻 this is such a sad news and will be affecting our home town peoria greatly ☹ ️
get rid of the obama administration asap ! ! !
there are few in politics that i can wholeheartedly support , but tim scott is definitely one of them .
there will be no delay on obamacare .
it would be another tax that would be passed on to the consumer , and taxes is just another word for stealing .
if something is broken americans want to fix i.e.
i may agree with your proposal , but i &apos;m not signing onto that website until the policy is changed .
mr. paul do something in congress to get all those &quot; free &quot; phones away from the obama minions ... i believe they get their orders from headquarters daily ... sorry everyone .. my nerves have had it .
repeal and let go !
pray for a miracle in egypt
he is not hurting the party , he has been trying to wake people up , they have been sleeping for to long .
all of the republican members of congress cannot possibly be on board with the current course of this country .
you sound like reagan and i like it !
so again i say the flag needs to stay
rand , would you please come to scranton pa on 8 / 23 and stand with us while we wave our signs to impeach , asking for answers on benghazi .
you spineless wimp .
senator mcconnell , do your part to support the first responders of this country and pass the zadroga act .
this is how you defund obamacare .
support nathan deal by getting behind rand paul &apos;s bill to stop obama from bringing any additional syrian refugees into the country .
everyone needs to stop talking about ( believing in ) a government default &amp; shut down could have occurred ; this &quot; did not occur &amp; is not possible . &quot;
we live in a time where the enemy is winning , but right will rule out .
do not stop talking about it until we find out the truth !
obama said he is on it ... no worries ......
i also disagree with having our military in there as you guys are giving at least half of them a death sentence ... it is totally irresponsible .
pray his will be done and not ours .
reagan proved that the debt doesnt matter according to vp chenney .
love to see his feet put to the fire on his overreach with executive orders ...
&quot; robert hayes wrote : &quot; patrick mulloy- whom do you classify as job creators ?
i say vote no .... also , defund obamacare ! !
arrest &amp; impeach obama !
a president that knows nothing .
he needs to say why he voted the way he did -- e.g. , because of the &quot; pork &quot; that was hidden in the bills .
i &apos;m still waiting for congress to stop talking and do something .
paul : agenda : social security reform ( pay back the debt ) , va reform , rebuild the military , cut government waste , balance the budget , replace obamacare , border security , debt reduction .....
i guess there must be a large cuban community up there in kentucky to speak to on this subject .
libertarian party is a cia front
cut all foreign aid and put that money towards health care for our own people ..
just raise the debt ceiling .
ben sasse go away !
what do you think of a flat tax .
lindsey graham is an american senator from south carolina who has a net worth of $ 1.5 million how about giving your whole salary
i &apos;m very worried about holder getting his hands on the november election .
rand paul is the strongest conservative running .
i think we have broken people in the o admin trying to run it .
jonathan , spoken like a true narrow minded conservative .
if only you could have fought this hard to defund planned parenthood .
god bless you and your service the the people of the usa .
i urge you to reconsider your support for this policy and stand with those of us on the side of inclusion , fairness , and the united states constitution .
congressman lankford , we are so glad you are there ! !
what is it that obama is trying to hide ?
end the tsa * ( and dhs altogether ) .
an of course he will listen !
god bless you for your christian stand !
scott , i vote in the interest of my district .
president reagan would have answered my request for your views on things like taxes .
fight for it , dictator obama is just gonna get his way regardless of what you do
i can &apos;t vote for you captain clay higgins but i &apos;m sure praying for you .
speaker ryan , you sir , are a flip flopper ...
i absolutely agree with this one .
our government &apos;s only true job is to protect our borders and keep america safe , not to be our nanny !
i know that has been very difficult given that the state dept will not give all the info requested ! !
with ga and other states not expanding there is a doughnut hole between 48 % fpl and 100 % fpl for working people without coverage in ga. there are approximately 750k uninsured in ga. half would have qualified fully for expansion up to 138 % fpl .
please listen to the majority of your constituents who agree that devos is not qualified to oversee the public education system .
i love your dad and will vote form him , but i think you would win .
so glad sc has you !
they have no plan .
so impeach him for goodness sakess
so to be fair in my opinion we need a flat tax , or the fair tax which i actually prefer .
but now the second belgrad and bombardments of serbia won &apos;t be , from now on any invasion of the usa into other country will be punished by sanctions from russia and china , india and south america .
vote no for funding obamacare !
all of you bashing mccain are scared .
keep the government shut down they don &apos;t wast tax money
you had my early support , sir .
i knew it and i glad to see you win sir .
everyone i know has seen a tax increase since the fiscal cliff ( i.e.
stand up congressman coffman we need republicans to challenge this !
we are tired of fb posts and conciliatory words - stop talking and do something already
for the liberals to succeed in their mission , they need to negate the u.s. constitution , they can &apos;t do this with the conservatives around , or with the the conservatives having any power in government .
hope the rest of congress sees how standing up for the american people gets you a lot of backing !
we expect true accountability and integrity , sticking to gop principles and not compromise with bigger government advocates !
u rock martha ! ! !
i think attacking moderate republicans is the wrong tactic here rand ... we need a strong republican party .
the real problem is the lack of republican leadership they been giving obama a free run over the law of the land .
what form of government would you like mr. sasse ?
same to you sir !
then you and your majority republicans need to do something about it .
john mccain i voted for obama but truly thought you would have been a wonderful president , too .
it &apos;s people like you that put yourself above the people that have destroyed our country !
i do not trust putin or obama .
if the obamacare law was written sloppy , the scotus should have sent it back to congress to be fixed , not interpret the wording .
# worstresponders # shame # cowardice # legacyofshame # unethical
do something to stop this ! !
this election i wanted ben carson or rubio .
we have to raise the debt ceiling to give out more cell phones you silly american &apos;s .
i am praying for you tonight ! !
stop lying marsha
its already too late .
i sure hope someone in congress will rein this guy in , and take away his pen and cell phone .
you did throw south mississippi under the bus , not only that , you threw america under the bus .
obama doesn &apos;t care about the health care of americans , he wants the new tax money to spend and most of all , he wants the power over all of the people !
we can save ourselves from the obama administration , but it will take people like you to fight for us in d.c. .
vote for graves
congressman poe , it appears the teachers union has been assigned to troll your fb page .
well , our muslim president thinks it is est to take away our rights once again !
no delays , rates just released .
george would be calling all of us pus * * * * * right now for just watching what the govt is doing to us ...
kansas was founded by people determined to live their convictions .
i would never vote for bruce poliquin .
praying things go for the best of our country .
marsha blackburn is an embarrassment to tennesseans in general and women in particular ... how does she look in the mirror and answer to her children for how she is looking after their future environment .
senator paul , please vote &quot; no &quot; for devos .
to bad you didn &apos;t represent the people of florida while you were busy running for office .
you &apos;re a joke moran .
mc cain is a tool .
what a horrible and leading question , and you know vern that it is not his decision .
i would , but i live in florida .
don &apos;t let him punish fiscal conservatives for doing their job !
and take the biggest non-american with you obama any way you want ! ! !
but i have long been impressed with your integrity , sir , and i look to you and other members of the republican party like you to stand firm against the tyranny of this newly-installed president .
if you can &apos;t see the abuse of power the irs is using to go after obama &apos;s &quot; enemies &quot; , and the justice department refusing to prosecute ; then you are the moron ! !
i would like to know why the president of the united sates thinks it is okay to send tanks and fighter planes to someone who is our enemy but we can &apos;t have a handgun in our home to protect our family against intruders that can harm or kill us ?
that what we like about you james .
we have enough accidental deaths by firearms in tennessee already .
if the republican party were a person , they would be committed for attempted suicide ... and for being crazy .
rubio , always the gentleman ! ! !
the new guys were there to support senator paul .
when trey gowdy says something it &apos;s good to listen because it &apos;s the truth , the whole truth and nothing but the truth unlike obama and the clintons .
do your best to stop this insanity tom .
we just have less revenue in government .
a &quot; no vote &quot; action is a vote for clinton ....
as a public servant , your job is to serve your constituents , and quite frankly , you have failed your only job .
i agree mia !
stand firm , don &apos;t play his games .
i find that the word &quot; christian &quot; in the us means something almost completely different to several other nations that consider themselves christian - my own included .
our current tax system is not working for us anymore .
start looking for another job maybe at a hearing aid factory because you obviously aren &apos;t hearing a word your constituents are saying !
they are all praying to get voted back in again so , everything goes on hold until after the elections in 2014 ...
senator mccain what happened to you and jeff flake and the others who were there to support us and arizona and the nation who are counting or should i say were counting on you and the others to have our backs and represent us and our voices ?
repeal ) , then you should still choose nothing , and vote to repeal it .
stop giving money away to other countries !
trey gowdy , for all of your hard and tireless work on this very important matter .
stands with rand
as long as there is no pork planted in that bill
why like someones page if you are just going to blatently disrespect them ?
i also know that congress has the power to over ride that executive order .
why did you vote to continue foreign aid to egypt , libya , and pakistan when you know this is not what your constituents want ?
i don &apos;t think he will !
1. does this new bill strengthen the southern border or enhance border security more than has already been provided by the president &apos;s executive order ?
go get em dr. paul !
mia , it is about taking over control of the american people , period .
but if he looses it is his own fault not paul ryan &apos;s .
you obviously didn &apos;t listen to the majority or your constituents mr. burr , shame on you .
he won &apos;t take the risk of being the first and is too arrogant to be the last .
i don &apos;t want apology , i want change in the tax code .
if you want another democrat as president , then you vote for ted cruz .
our current administration has only approved 32 leasing requests , 32 !
the against was speaker ryan , who was one of the main conspirators .
no fiscal cliff , morons in washington .
no one should give our leadership a free pass if they drag this out .
he has no intention of protecting our constitutional rights .
no congress person is going to want anyone to know what has been done since he has been in office .
since it was initially a republican program , why not repeal it and immediately reenact it with whatever name you wish ?
love rand paul ~ and his dad !
therefore each american will be respectful to another american .
@ may the allmighty god bless you for telling the truth .
defeat amnesty for illegals is # 1 .
i don &apos;t know what state people live in , but it &apos;s most assuredly not nj , not is it a town called &quot; reality &quot; .
the opt-out would make it illegal for utah agencies to implement any portion of the new federal law .
we the people do not need another tax !
stop spending - cut spending !
excuse me sen. scott but i am going to snitch your sayin : that potus overcooks my grits !
comey answered yes .
i have yet to figure 1 venture or program obama has tried that hasnt been a disaster or went flop at taxpayer exspense .
wish my hubby could vote for you but we &apos;re in the 4th district now .
im turning in my resignation and going to be the new pope
mandy , if i was talking to obama , i wouldn &apos;t be on martha roby &apos;s facebook.in short , the gop says &quot; don &apos;t get into an accident , nor get sick for one more year !
elaine &amp; i pray for you
keep up the good work jerry .
that is why we are asking you to support your fellow representatives in their efforts to impeach attorney general eric holder for his conduct in operation fast &amp; furious , along with any other activity that support such efforts .
i want to say thanks to all republicans that came out and voted thom in tonight .
not only obama-- holder most lawless doj in history
they are so afraid to ever stand for what is right for the people-they know that when 1 of them goes against obama then he will do everything in his power to find something on them .
if they don &apos;t , it will eventually occur to mr. reid that he can tack obamacare onto one of your bills and throw it back to the house just as he did with the larger c.r.
mike it sure is great to see you stand up for taxpayers .
impeach and imprison obama !
i respect sen. mccain &apos;s military history and the pain he endured .
just heard the affordable care act was passed as a law and you guys shut down the government trying to defund it .
please repeal obama care asap ! !
i agree 100 % mr. mccain
congressman trent franks , it is another disgrace that taxpayers are forced to pay for the kidnapping of their own children ... the destruction of their families .
and when you and the rest of the republicans in the house and the senate are going to start backing the republican nominee that we the people have elected ?
and you and yours as well mr gowdy .
mccain was another bush in a lot of domestic spending policies and good portion of us voted for him only because alternative was ( and proven correctly ) worse .
marco , do not change , please !
can obama think he &apos;s better than us anymore than he already does ?
david please explain what offenses has he committed for impeachment and what irreparable damage has he done .
rand 2016 let &apos;s make this happen !
cain slew abel in the very beginning .
it would be do much easier to pass a clean cr and be done with it .
congressman latta - please reconsider gutting planned parenthood as part of the aca repeal .
johnny - then you would have to define what the soul is .
trying to do the right thing , be it conservative or not is more important than standing behind party lines ( either party ) and saying no , even though it is generally not in the best interest of the country .
this administration does not even compare to the lawlessness and corruption committed during the reagan administration .
i emailed and called your office requesting that you join rand paul in his filibuster , senator .
i don &apos;t understand why our own government hates us .
happy new year from texas , senator scott .
praying with you mr. walberg .
no don &apos;t give out money to them .
got my vote bruce .
stand up and stop the mess he is making .
thanks for the update , james !
no freebies .
it &apos;s about the good stuff ( or the lack thereof ) that obama has / is doing !
just what we need , marsha .. more talk and no action
america is blind , true patriots observe and prepare .
with all due respect , repealing without a solution is not wise in my opinion .
happy thanksgiving trey &amp; family ! !
i am so disappointed that you have chosen to betrayed the people of oklahoma .
as more and more black conservatives join our ranks and speak out , it will be the left that will reveal where the true racists hide .
please support federal online poker legislation such as hr 2366 , rep. barton &apos;s ( r-tx ) online poker act .
his pending impeachment
get obama out of there before he gets us all killed !
leave it up to the current admin .
and you and everyone in the government should return your paycheck while y &apos;all aren &apos;t working and help our deficit
i &apos;m so proud of sen isakson .
rand , why can you not bring suit against the executive branch for not submitting a budget ( as directed by the constitution ) ?
if congress passes a law that you do not like you veto it .
yes , amen
you can stack 600,000 troops on the border but until politicians let them do their job without miles of political red tape then it won &apos;t do a bit of good .
i guess i won &apos;t be voting for any republicans in utah this year .
well , graham your job as a senator may be over in 2014. i know i will not vote for u .
why can &apos;t south dakota become a sanctuary state for carbon produced power .
he &apos;s done enough to have been impeached several times over but everyone just sits on their hands and do nothing .... why ?
she is no where near qualified for the position .
now repeal it all .
i hope our congressman have the guts to tell mccain to butt out ! ! ! ! !
stop talking about doing something and do something
nevertheless , i pray without ceasing that god will impose his will on our nation while there is still time .
if the republicans were smart , which they have not shown that they are , they should just run for the next two years on obamacare and the 20,000 new regulations for insurance companies that nobody voted on but obama put in now .
it would probably not be significantly weakened , after a little re-organization , if the dhs disappeared from the government .
no military base is armed except the mps this is nothing new .
when the time comes we twill vote no to you sir your done ! ! !
why have we allowed this to go on so long ?
in short , the obama administration &apos;s move is to further divide the republican party and set up a deflection mechanism to blame republicans regardless of the outcome .
just defund all of it .
ronald reagan was a wise president who knew what he was doing in the white house .
if you want something get a j. o. b. i &apos;m so tired of free .
i &apos;d prefer you not fund dhs and its &apos; amassing a huge stockpile of ammunition and armored vehicles !
cracks me up how so many still blame reagan !
the repubs own the house and the senate and you rino &apos;s fold like a cheap tent !
sadly devos is ill qualified and your support will be a stain on your reputation .
so far my only real complaint against you is that you voted for him to be a leader when he clearly isn &apos;t .
mia ... not much leadership coming from the establishment gop either !
impeach him then if he has done wrong
- patrick henry
obama has opened our southern border so that criminals and terrorists have easy access to our country .
preserving land in maine is a good idea and will bring jobs and money .
sir , and i use the term cordially only , republicans are at fault here .
standing firm is the only way to build trust .
it is a sad day when 52 % of those who voted couldn &apos;t see through the socialist charade ..... but many of us love america and do not want obama &apos;s change into his own marxist image .... and we will work to repeal it .
now , i can see why the conservative gop does not trust the rest of you repubs .
go get them mia , we need more like you ...
bonnie from cold , conservative idaho .
i pray you will be voted out of office in 2014. you are not worthy of the position you hold .
one else get paul ryan while we at it
he has a big vendetta which he admits to in &quot; dreams from my father &quot; .... he hates capitalism and intends to destroy it , hates the british because of colonialism , he hates america simply because as a child he was reared by communists .
we hear that obama has put some real &quot; bad &quot; stuff in it without your knowing it !
will you be one of the few in washington who actually make the effort to fulfill the oath you &apos;ll take to protect the constitution ?
no warnings !
no one wants to hear any more of obamas big lies ..... its like weve been watching one rerun after another impeach that assclown before he starts a revolutionary war
this is not aimed at you personaly mr. aderholt , just government in general .
working for us .. so to be sure .. do not include our rep &apos;s and senators .. they have a bill out there that will make sure the military are paid but obama has already stated he will veto it ..
you and the house are doing the right thing , sir .
my daughter , too , mia , one of 2 women to graduate with her class in mechanical engineering at ohio state university ..... be proud !
now , lets talk about impeachment !
you tell them , sam !
that would cut 1-1 / 2 trillion below the debt ceiling as well as cut the 1-1 / 2 trillion in taxes that are slated to be instated due to obamacare , not to mention would stimulate businesses to grow once obamacare is out of the picture .
if they can &apos;t commit to the constitution they don &apos;t deserve the freedoms and blessings this country affords .
i think trey gowdy is an amazing man .
mccain and graham are the real wackos nd rinos .
i read the regs and considered them with respect to the constitution and the 4 founding principles and came to my own conclusion .
keep the facts straight about obamacare .
absolutely unacceptable if any of that funding is for obamacare .
as an official elected by south carolinians i do not think you have the right to pick and choose in this case .
we &apos;re praying for all of you that the right things will be said and done during the negotiating process .
keep that censure petition going ted
well then justin , you better repeal that law that was passed way back in 1952 that outlawed muslim immigration completely and has never been repealed .
only god can save america so we all must pray without ceasing .
it is about time to shut the irs down
you sir , are a hypocritical disgrace .
sorry , i &apos;m team rubio on this one .
when he said my name on the floor 3 yrs ago obama didn &apos;t say a thing about me but mr ted poe did i will back mr ted poe
we support you sir .
god be with you and yours sir .
a failed sos and criminal for president and a impeached president and adulterer for nations first man .
hold the senate down for the sake of the constitution .
take back our govt .
therefore , the appropriate subject matter for an impeachment and removal proceeding is the full range of offenses against the constitution and against the rights of persons committed by subordinate officials and their agents which have not been adequately investigated or remedied .
open cuba .
then impeach and or open up obama &apos;s past !
keep fighting for the american people rand .
time for rep scott to start thinking about a senate job in 2014 .
the 20 trillion in debt is what the american taxpayers are worried about .
they have time to debate health care but nobody has even come up with one , just one proposal for jobs .... bury your head in the sand sandy .
we can &apos;t wait till 2016 or till he helps us get blown off the face of the earth .
our president shows no regard for america !
only they can declare war on isis .
please continue working to repeal obamacare senator .
rand paul ; the people who were elected to congress are the only people who have the power to stop this amnesty .
- it was organized so that &quot; 1 / 2 of 1 / 3 &quot; could limit spending - so that if not all agree , then the money won &apos;t be spent !
when reagan left office ,
our over bloated government needs to live within their income and have a real plan to get rid of our 16.4 trillion debt , which has undermined our standard of living .
the constitution is not a debatable subject , and you know full well that these dirty democrats will do anything within their power to work towards disarming the american public , just like they did to pass that hideous obamacare package .
mcconnell is an idiot , mccain is an idiot .
you need to pass the zadroga act and stop playing russian roulette with the care and treatment of the first responders that put their life on the line for this country .
when are you no loads going to start getting to work .
there are no other republicans that i would vote for , the rest are establishment republicrats .
&quot; there is long historical precedent for a supreme court with fewer justices , &quot; cruz told reporters while campaigning for a senate candidate on colorado .
senator marco rubio is my favorite , but , i will vote for the republican nominee for president in 2016. lindsey graham told the truth about iran !
not on us soil ... just say no
carly hands down ..
we , as a nation are in debt but , congress votes to give themselves an $ 11 billion raise over ten years .
that man is ted cruz !
if you had , it would be obvious because you would be joining mr. amash .
paul , why isn &apos;t congress funding our security departments ? ? ! !
a little late and knowing the outcome does not help .
no , it isn &apos;t legal unless it is a tax .
mars inc just had a ground breaking ceremony for a new plant opening in topeka kansas , to bad it wasn &apos;t in tennessee
we know she bought and paid for you and your crony , tillis .
obama with that evil demonic video for his obama don &apos;t care coverage .
the gop needs to stand together , and do whats right for america
then obama withdrew our troops and left a vacuum there which has allowed these butchers to gain power there .
same as you mr. trey gowdy .
it is time to elect a leader who will do what he says !
congratulations sir , you are the right man for the job ! ! ! ! !
bush added 660 million to the irs budget in his first budget to congress instead of enacting long promised tax reforms dating back to the 1990s like the fairtax everyone promised .
georgia will not allow a senator to represent them who capitulates on an issue so important .
do something about zadroga act .
johnny playing poker during the syria hearing .... it &apos;s easy to play game when you personally have nothing to lose , eh ?
oh , he &apos;ll do about as good there as you and little johnny isackson have done for we veterans ! !
praying for you and your family and rejoicing in god &apos;s promise of all who believe in him have a place prepared for them in heaven .
go rand go ..... you &apos;re almost to the finish line ...
read rules for radicules or the communist manifesto to know obama .
i am no party .
go obama go mr mccain you are the only strong one left !
mr. graves , what are we going to do ? !
support the constitution !
gw , lincoln , jefferson all this guys are in a cloud of their own .
even if he goes to prison obama will pardon him so you can &apos;t win .
and i bet 160,000 of the 160,161 are illegals !
we thrive solely on republican conservative political platitudes .
israel has been our friend until obama decided it was in his best interest to try to alienate them .
they are designed to secure a legacy , and indeed they have : history will record and the world will fully understand obama and kerry as relentless enemies of israel .
happy birthday , congresswoman marsha !
i do not believe our immigration system is broken .
we &apos;ve all witnessed how this idiotic squatter in the white house thinks he &apos;s above the law .
like i said mrs. blackburn we are behind you 100 percent !
if he wanted to be our enemy he wouldn &apos;t bother negotiating in the first place .
so poignantly spoken , i am speechless mia .
rep. gregg harper voted yes
well said tim !
http : / / www.theamericanconservative.com / articles / mccain-and-the-pow-cover-up / fta : &apos; an early and critical mccain secrecy move involved 1990 legislation that started in the house of representatives .
the baptist church in enfield was my dad &apos;s first pastorate in maine .
stay tuned , sir .
can we all have faith and continue believing for a miracle that this useless tyrant will finally be brought to justice , tried , &amp; imprisoned for life in communist cuba with the rest of his commy cronnies or sent back to kenya where he was born ..
president obama has stated that there will be no american boots on the ground .
it wasn &apos;t there---the right has an agenda , and johnny &quot; tv &quot; barrasso is a loyal , and low-information sockpuppet , who just regurgitates the talking-points of his socially backward looking party .
another freedom we lost with this administration !
james lankford .
flip flop flake http : / / youtu.be / jltgub6 _ vmu &#91; &#91; video _ share _ youtube &#93; &#93;
kudos mia
senator rubio i applaud your decision on not endorsing mr trump .
apparently you have turned out to be nothing but a rino .
welcome to socialized medicine !
maybe you need to listen to the drums beating in georgia signaling you will not be reelected .
he and cruz were in cahoots ... integrity my butt !
rand paul isn &apos;t standing with ted cruz on this issue .
i agree with doug !
everything obama has done lately has been illegal .
lee ! ! !
then impeach him for breaking the law
bob i agree with your link .
what right-minded person could deny obama &apos;s complicity in handing mullah omar and the taliban aid and comfort by the release of the gitmo five ?
this is exactly why we love you dr. paul .
# stand with rand 2016 .
so , why did you vote for the bill before that funded planned parenthood and all the other stuff a few weeks ago when all of the republicans were elected and ran on how if they won control of the house and senate that all this would be righted ?
yes please stand with cruz !
boehner and then mcconnell are obama puppets .
congressman massie will you go to the north american law center page and volunteer to sponsor a bill to impeach ?
we must do better god have mercy on us if we don &apos;t
http : / / www.redflagnews.com / headlines / breaking-formal-articles-of-impeachment-written-by-michael-connelly-constitutional-attorney &quot; we the people &quot; are getting really tired of his misuse and abuse of his limited powers , and his anti-american attitude .
keep up the fight to protect the internet and our freedom .
not that it matters america will never have a republican president again !
i would think , you should / would support the nominee of the republican party and make a pledge to make america great again !
right up to and inclufing the wh
the only people obama hurts by taking away the deduction are those in need .
i can only hope most the people here in oklahoma the citizens of okc will vote no on any kind of sharia law
vote no on betsy devos ! !
cut these unconstitutional federal departments and we stop all this nonsense and balance the budget at the same time !
what i want to know is if obama and his administration blatantly breaks our laws ans constitution why can &apos;t oath keepers do what they must to get him out of our what is now and becoming worse corrupt government ?
rubio , you my friend , are the man .
our president is handing another line like so many from past and they haven &apos;t been what he is pushing
you had better deal with obama and oppose any obama inspired policies from edwards .
if the gop wins the necessary seats in congress in the upcoming midterm elections , will you sponsor a move to impeach obama ?
thanks and god bless to congressman gowdy for your work on this committee .
flat tax of 8 to 10 % , no need for irs w / o returns etc , cut 95 % of irs personal and save billions of dollars
impeach him now called rangels office what a pos
this current administration has not had their backs , nor , have they listened to our top military leaders .
the scotus already has 3 unqualified judges who don &apos;t understand the constitution and one who is easily swayed and intimidated by his peers .
let them default and then fire all of them
in 1982 congress charged that the epa had mishandled the $ 1.6 billion toxic waste superfund and demanded records from gorsuch .
the establishment needs to be put back in constitutional boundaries .
back at &apos;cha , sir !
god through his holy spirit keeps rerouting us to the destination he has chosen .
with him it will always be someone else responsible .
no comment ....
i believe your service to the nation and here in utah will never be forgotten .
little late ryan you did your damage no backing up from that !
guess you showed your true color lou lost my vote
border security is the first measure before other items are addressed by congress .
for all the people that say this is too much government out reach , they are clearly contradiction themselves and our constitution and founding fathers clearly intended the government to work this way .
forget wasting our tax dollars on that and go ahead and build a fence worthy of calling it american made .
i got cut off and wont repeat , but it was set by hilllary , susan rice and one other un person .
those of you who remain allegiant to the flag are becoming fewer and fewer and when you are dead and gone your grandchildren and great grandchildren will talk about how ignorant you were .
this bill bans abortion coverage for private insurance plans under the aca for paid for by the private funds of the patient .
i do not care for the way the republicans are evolving in georgia .
the yeas voted to hand over the power of the purse to the executive branch .
this might not have happen had the republican hr ( t party influence ? )
congressman it was an honor speaking with you last evening .
or was this promise just another obama lie ?
than standup for we the people who put you in there for a reason and why isnt the flags of georgia not flying half mast ? ?
praying for all the firefighter &apos;s , and the people in danger of life and property ♡
man , i hope south carolina gets rid of this guy !
praying for this nation
you said you would secure the border last time .
just like kate &apos;s law who in the world ever lets them back in the country , that &apos;s the person to go afters how did this guy get back in this country that many time is the question who &apos;s watching the border ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
you and paul ryan are yellow bellied self righteous pos !
you are a treasure mia love !
you &apos;re what &apos;s wrong with the republican party .
secure it enough is enough .
i &apos;m concerned about what you plan to do about replacing speaker boehner .
and thank god obamacare is still in action .
he needs to be voted out
funny that harry reid would do the same if he was in the position
and , a 3rd party , even a conservative one , would guarantee liberal domination .
more corruption from the president that hates america ............. http : / / www.nationalreview.com / article / 376437 / barack-obamas-keystone-cops-stephen-moore
someone in earlier comments declared that senator cornyn should be voted out because democrats are showing their support of his statement about the eo that caused a large stir throughout the world this past weekend .
hay graham just go we don &apos;t need you
no american family could survive if we ran our households the way our government is running america .
strength to you dr. paul .
many thanks to you , ted , and your 25 colleagues !
has he lived by the constitution .
open question - why won &apos;t you guys try obama for treason ? ? ? ? ? ?
kabuki thrives on the stages of tokyo , kyoto , osaka , and ... washington d.c. , but in d.c. , it is defined as an extravagant show of dramatic gesticulation done as an act to conceal insincerity .
justin , could you please push the house to defund the syrian refugee program that paul ryan suggested he would do .
if this president dies not show real spending cuts .
i &apos;m appalled by comments he &apos;s made about cruz
stop wasting the salary we pay you - it is a hopeless gesture until ( and if ) the senate changes .
if he &apos;d said corrupt administration he would have been correct .
mr. calvey needs to watch &quot; mr. smith goes to washington &quot; and then vote for james lankford .
i support repealing all $ 105 billion in mandatory spending within the &quot; affordable care act . &quot;
the stupid people were coerced to vote for obummer and his gifts .
rand paul rocks !
secure the border without the caveats of veto by the executive branch .
talk talk talk , that &apos;s all they do .
why is obama still free ? ?
mia love is so right !
you really think electing a so-called christian republican will put jesus in the white house ?
before obama everybody just got along .
we do a lot of complaining about the president we need to complain more on some of the waco senators and congress and the people voted them back in office
rubio your the man ! !
bush released 532 from guantanamo and obama had released 72 so that is around 600 released without getting anything in return .
i don &apos;t hear of any other countries getting the aid the way egypt is getting !
obama is not a leader and has disregarded our constitution and our congress .
obama care could have been eliminated already but again nothing is being done by our senate ... senators are sitting on legislation ... their excuse presidential veto ... but they have enough republicans to over ride a veto ... yet they do nothing .
vote no on amnesty .
there is a comprehensive plan that repeals obamacare and sets a much better system in place .
we can &apos;t keep raising the debt limit and the fed printing more currency .
also , no federal aid to countries that do not support us .
more people are moving into texas than are moving out !
marco rubio right now ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
you people in washington or any other place in government don &apos;t control anything anyway .
where is the stance against the border mess ! ?
our question is , what are you going to do about it .
balanced budget amendment force the federal government to balance the books .
and 239 years later you have the iii % molon labe sc
... no wonder the media is falling all over itself to defend this man
support israel and god himself will bless us !
should be the same for anyone , pray tell the us sec .
if obamacare is so great , the all of congress including all in government and the potus should be forced and required to also haver it .
rush calls him a nut , levin hates him because he accurately interprets &quot; entangling alliances &quot; , hannity will have none of it .
thats my wuestion richard , so far the republican majority in both the house and senate has done nothing .... except get $ 1,000 .
snowden took up with china when he fled there .
obama should be charged with contempt .
thanks for your work and fight for liberty !
no impeachment i vote democrat .
show you really care about georgia schools .
romans 13 : 1-7 congressman king is carrying out what christ commanded in romans as quoted above .
let &apos;s get mcclintock out of office for good .
what makes you think you can find one in a third party nomination .
and now obama wants to push amnesty .
i no longer live in nc and have found living in ga there are no senators or representatives that will even acknowledge or respond to correspondence .
a friend of mine who escaped castro &apos;s dominance told me that obama reminds him so much of castro when he lived in cuba .
the latest washington post / abc news poll : americans are still split on health care reform , but &quot; only 18 % favor a total repeal &quot; .
definitely vote no ! !
we are so embarrased to have you and senator flake representing the people of arizona .
no payment necessary .
at least you tried ... probably would have helped if congress would have pulled up their big boy pants and done the right thing in defeating all obamas overreach executive powers !
he would never offer it to you lyin &quot; little marco
please please run for president mr. gowdy !
you and the other candidates wanted trump to sign a pledge to support the republican nominee no matter who won .
no thanks to you the american people made this victory
hopefully we will learn that has soon as we learn that our interventionist foreign policy does nothing but put the american people in harms way .
please visit my church &apos;s website &apos;s prayer wall at cfcmi.org , god &apos;s ears are not heavy that he cannot hear and his arm shortened that he cannot save .
congrats miss mia !
obama &apos;s pushing agenda 21 which is about depopulating and land grabs !
no bombing other countries we dont care why you want to .
everything starts with education ; there has to be someone more qualified that can hit the ground running day one .
please do whatever is necessary to defund obamacare .
good job love you rand paul .
i will not vote for anyone that voted yes to this unconstitutional money grab , period .
illegals should be punished , not rewarded .
we gave the castro brothers everything they wanted and got nothing in return .
glad you are finally on board but it would have helped secure a victory for us if you &apos;d have been on board earlier .
stop giving our hard earned tax payer dollars away !
no bother mr. graham .
did you have a problem with bush sending troops to iraq for no reason .... if so .... problem solved .
not to mention if the 16th amendment isn &apos;t repealed first we could end up with both a national sales tax and an income tax .
obama is an unconstitutional president , why don &apos;t you and the rest impeach him ?
congress needs to earn their money &amp; veto this crap !
you have done a great job for the american people but you really should also do a great job for the republican party and endorse the candidate who was chosen by the american people .
so happy for you mia as well .
when chris christie and peter king say there is some rotten in the state of the republican party they are talking to you .
is obama freeing up gitmo for china or russia ?
our government is simply in a mess that i &apos;m not sure can be fixed ! !
i support you rand paul !
your a true patriot sir
worst of all we have elected officials in congress that refuse to support the constituents that voted them in to uphold the laws and the constitution in which this country was founded ! !
i voted for pat roberts for senate 2014
repeal repeal ! ! ! !
don &apos;t forget it also repudiates republican establishment enriching themselves in politics , don &apos;t forget that mr. ryan , help trump make america great again .
will not be voting to re-elect you sir : )
the last repub president lead america into the deepest depression and will go down in history as the bush days and gw bush will hold the honer as the worst president just like hover ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
as an hr manager of a medium sized family owned business , i am all too familiar with the burdens of obamacare !
like my former bosses , kelley , pat &amp; otis , wanted you for the judgeship , we all want you in power because you listen to us and you care !
rubio got 2 times as much .
act today i am the future of republican party .
didn &apos;t you have some fires in texas recently ?
no pension , no retirement , no free medical etc .
and he is in the white house
wish you had helped us the american people in our movement to take our country back and get these gangsters out of our government .
the illegal-aka-obama can not make me have his ins .
the conservatives of this nation will be satisfied by nothing less than outright war with both eastasia and eurasia .
wow you nailed it mia !
she is unqualified and has had no experience with the public school system .
god is not done with america yet ! !
president obama was charged with nominating a new supreme court justice as it states in the constitution .
go after trump marco !
i &apos;m sorry bush was the worst president in the world per some of y &apos;all but i don &apos;t remember the government shutting down and military not getting paid under him .
may god bless you and through him he can make all things new .
only one in the whole state of indiana deserves to hold his head up , and hopefully above all you rino &apos;s ... you should learn from the true conservative marlin stutzman !
would it not be great optics if the house took the stack of bills they have passed to fund the government since tuesday evening and placed them in front of the &quot; closed &quot; senate doors with a live size cut out of harry reid standing beside them ?
lindsey , i have been a supporter of yours for a long time , now you are playing politics rather than standing up , you really messed up going against rand .
vern , i just read your pole and voted undecided .
i &apos;m waiting for pat robertson to tell us we are all being punished by god because south carolina is sinful and evil .
james i just ran an interesting experiment .
at no time should our military be the object in a political arena .
ben evilsizer johnny thompson les aker some leaders , including president obama , have called for new gun control laws .
you owe that to the people of georgia .
he has risen indeed , happy easter sir !
little marco feel leftout ?
he is an idiot traitor .
you have my suppot ..... go rubio !
world war ii veterans sing god bless america on honor flight october 3 , 2013 watch as the honor flight breaks into god bless america .
please reconsider supporting this out of touch and unqualified candidate .
enough is enough and if obama is not willing to play by the rules of engagement of war , then it &apos;s time to remove him from executive position .
we are actually caving in to the will of foreign powers - have been for some time .
sir , it was my intent when i voted for you that you &apos;d represent me and the state of oklahoma !
but think on this , according to the congressional budget office , the 2012 budget will be 1.9 trillion on mandatory spending , 1.2 trillion on discretionary spending and 300 billion on interest .
just pass clean bill &apos;s , that way every one will know what &apos;s being passed and if vetoed it can be reworked instead of an entire being bill being vetoed for something that &apos;s not important .
and , mike , you should have left that last sentence out .
actually , if you read the nyt today , drilling is up over obama , but don &apos;t let the facts ruin your rant .
you sir and the rest of the rhino &apos;s that voted to raise the debt ceiling have an obligation to take away the credit card not to let them keep increasing the debt .
lol kentucky really needs to change that way you vote thing .
i would however like you to not vote for our current speaker to retain his position .
too bad we can &apos;t impeach supreme court justices !
obama should sit down and talk with terrorist leaders like he said he would lol
spot on paul !
just remember that the majority of the people in your district , particularly when it changes , are rooting for kentucky &amp; the sec tonight .
that video clip was fantastic rand
everyone inherits the first 5.4 million tax free .
obama is commited to leading us to a socialist welfare state .
he has divided our country , we need a leader
it appears he is for the constitution , aka due process not killing americans on foreign soil .
reduce the military spending and quit blaming the poor for all our troubles .
yet all these senators and congressman are exempt from obamacare .
also praying for missing
a b would be preferable , but if push comes to shove a. the media loves the idea of republicans trying to cut unemployment .
obummer may not have given the direct order to give the gop org a hard time but i bet his inner circle knew all about it .
congressman gowdy , we in the state of georgia are proud of you and appreciate the way that you stand up to obama and his evil horde .
conservatives need some backbone !
may god bless you for protecting those who cannot protect themselves !
you didn &apos;t support the american voters &apos; choice mr. ryan ... mr.trump is right the system is rigged .. and you sir are not getting my vote !
cuba , south america , africa ... there is where true poverty exists .
hey james .
fully repeal obamacare it is all about meta-date &amp; prism &amp; u know it .
you are an amazing man , tim scott .
mia love you are an embarrassment to women of color and women in general .
marsha , no offense , but one of the things that i am very concerned about is the compensation legislators receive .
mike , you have been converted to the dark side and have been a rino for quite sometime now .
that &apos;s a start but u clowns need to dismantle the epa u all r a bunch of backstabbing backpedaling rats
i like your spirit about looking back at florida and continuing to work with the people down there .
god has his plan and he has told us in his word that i will build my church and the the gates of hell will not prevail against it .
reduction in taxes and government , ie abolish irs , homeland security , cia , doe , federal reserve , etc .
can we the people start a petition to start impeachment .
hey cathy , why are you purging the house committees of real conservative voices ?
he is a christian man strong in his faith .
i have no confidence in the senate and congress .
no refugees , close borders .
odumma has done all he could to destroy america .
rand paul hands down
clemson is playing teams that are easy to win !
if an ally wants a us base they should pay for it .
we need good conservatives to continue to represent the american people and freedom !
christie is so far up obamas butt he can actually see daylight .
&quot; the people &quot; of the state of oklahoma want equality and personal liberty unless it is something they don &apos;t like ?
we are counting on you and others in congress , vern !
http : / / www.cleveland.com / nation / index.ssf / 2011 / 04 / obama _ would _ end _ bush _ tax _ cuts.html ----- &quot; obama says he wants $ 3 in spending cuts for every $ 1 in additional tax revenue . &quot;
ron he &apos;s better than that lying idiot in the wh
obama is saying &quot; we will trust you .
god bless u , and know that jesus is in control .
i think millions of us agree kathy .... so my question is why is nothing happening .... ? ? ? ! !
cruz had a chance to beat trump but this supposedly &quot; conservative &quot; party vilified him for ....... being a conservative , and failed to back him when it might have mattered .
impeaching obama to save america .
obama needs to get out of our lives .
the present administration only needs to enforce them .
congress needs to keep him from getting further out of control .
did you guys know that these illegals will be able to apply for a tax credits .
let the people of sc vote on whether it should stay or go .
impeach obama for benghazi !
im standing in prayer for you and your family .
he could win the election with ben carson as his vp
republican repeal plan adds $ 9 trillion to the national debt .
nsa spying on all of us , tsa molesting us at airports and dhs stockpiling 1.6 billion rounds of ammunition plus wanting the same spy powers that the nsa has .
yes a very long time ago
keep your eye on 2016. marco rubio for president !
you could not prevent affordable care from becoming law , you could not get the supreme court to declare it unconstitutional , and your 40 + votes to repeal it have gone nowhere .
only this current regime would be soooo stupid as to pass more spending bills when they have nothing to spend .
mccain need to be in a retirement home .
you sir , are a traitor and that is probably being nice .
mia love for president ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
obama is a tool , liar , and a fraud .
please , fire boehner !
impeaching him will not remove him from office .
there was no win for anyone in voting yes on this tax bill .
ground the air force one .
repeal this dispicable gpo / wep act signed by ronald reagan ...... hurting retirees !
what gets me is congress doesn &apos;t have the cahons to override it .
i &apos;m stuck over here with john mccain in his 200th term , having press conferences and wanting to start wwiii .
to the msm he can do no wrong .
when it gets sent back to the house with amendments they have to stand as they did .
god bless you , our military , passed and present and for the witnesses that are telling the truth .
in fact , there was bipartisan agreement on the effort to raise the debt limit .
and if you voted for the ndaa to pass i believe you should be hung for treason !
is our senate ever going to do anything ? ? ? ?
to say that the last few months have been a disappointment on that front would be an understatement .
have you actually read the agreement yet , congressman ?
either way he still bears the responsibility under his watch .
mr gowdy is the right man for speak ...
all obama wants to do is spend .
you have our trust and admiration mr. trey gowdy !
it &apos;s the people versus the establishment republican or democrat .
president obama needs to wake up .
i support rand and ron as much as anyone , but i &apos;m allergic to censorship , and i &apos;m breaking out .
this should teach everyone to save for times when they have no job .
let &apos;s all vote for rubio !
wacko birds !
cell phones have 400 minutes average or 200 texts and you have no internet etc .
as an independent , i know who will not get my vote , little marco .
benghazi , fast &amp; furious , doj , nsa , irs , epa , dhs , tsa and so on .
sen. thune , we applaud your common sense and moral , ethical , and godly stand on this and so many other issues !
that &apos;s a big , hell no !
well if we had more goverment officials thinking this direction then we could get something done .
oh , but he wil instead include amnesty for all who are in the u.s. - so they can vote for him in &apos; 12 .
we already have immigration reform laws on the books which calls for and support legal immigration &amp; prohibits illegal immigration !
senator ted cruz from texas said it best &quot; to allow those who came here illegally to be placed on such a path is both inconsistent with rule of law and profoundly unfair to the millions of legal immigrants who waited years , if not decades , to come to america legally . &quot;
bush lied about wmd and he is the good guy ?
do not repeal the a.c.a.
please pass a flat tax , which would be the fairest tax to all people , abolish the irs , which we don &apos;t need meddling in our lives , and get rid of obamacare .
it seems the government couldn &apos;t care less for the american people .
your tactics border on treason .
johnny please do something .
no , they will blame president bush .
in that respect , rand paul stands a head above ....
you are obama &apos;s buddy , you voted to cut military pension &apos;s , you are not to be truseted as well .
i have never seen a more unqualified and inept person for a job as betsy devos .
also since obama care seems to be here to stay will you and your family be exempting from your current health care and going to obama care like the rest of us ? ? ?
with regards to both border security and gun control , if you get a chance during to pose the question to the floor if and when reid presents the bill , can you ask how fast and furious helped the gun control agenda and the border security dilema in this country ?
if you and john mccain had been more hell bent on getting some real answers about weapons of mass destruction 10 years ago , you would have saved alot of us lives and money .
where have you been all this time , paul ?
but they can &apos;t do a impeachment for oblama .
you have earned this mike .
i wish mia could be the new speaker ..... she would get things done and would uphold the constitution .
the representative house needs to actually protect the constitution and impeach obama .
another nc generation is watching this , and will change the croney powers of congressman , in nc , and the us .
how dare you support obamacare .
the patriot act was and is unconstitutional ; quit treating your constituents like criminals .
( wasn &apos;t it ronald reagan who said &quot; trust but verify &quot; ) .
republicans demand more investigation into the benghazi terrorist attack until they get an answer that doesn &apos;t blame terrorists .
and ... if given amnesty now , in a few years there will be 50 million wanting amnesty .
rubio is an idiot !
they well never vote to reduce spending .
mccain needs to stop slumming with a piece of drecch like you .
seems you may not get your dream of bombing another country before you die , john mccain .
he seems to despise the american military !
as a navy vet i am ashamed of you mr. mccain .
i just want greta to ask you why you didn &apos;t fight this thing like a man with a spine and principles .
please make fireworks illigal before it is too late
common sense has left this country and the devil is running the white house .
i pray that you would do something to help the people of your district !
ya &apos;ll may have a president i do not recognize him as such i think he &apos;s just a monkey in paradise no comments that &apos;s just my opinion
it should make a good debate about how much the federal government should get out of the flood insurance game .
god &apos;s richest blessings on you .
obama would already be , and needs to be impeached and thrown out , not just out of the white house but out of the country ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
this makes no sense , why do republicans have to pay more taxes ? ?
i vote for trey gowdy !
no cuba
unfortunately , senator isakson has already stated he will vote along with the democrats on the cloture vote friday .
i have voted for you in every election but will no longer support you because you are unable to support the republican party .
the border has been broken since the bracero prorgam was rescinded in 1964. god bless !
go back in your cave and wash your loincloth .
he needs to be impeached and in jail end of story .
gabe rozeman brandon crowfeather hubbard dylan good on mccain
on the other hand , regarding obamacare , i hear that government is putting too many rules on citizens and wanting us to improve our healthcare by providing incentives for us to gain healthcare and improve our quality of life .
i would have been tickled pink if the dhs ran out of money .
anyway politics aside , yes we are infidels in the eyes of the enemy and they would love nothing better than to chop our heads off .
mccain runs as a conservative to get elected then reverts to deserting conservative principles .
history will repeat itself.erica lee is a liberal.if in doubt , attack.love the media .
the dream act is a backdoor amnesty and cause increased illegal immigration and chain migration .
you are elected to protect the constitution and do the will of the people .
more to do about obamacare !
poe is lying to you.poe voted to bring the bill to the floor .
do not agree with the pipeline , but i &apos;m sure the veto is a bargaining tool to push open the immigration borders .
the permanent class can &apos;t have people saying what ted cruz said earlier this week : &quot; the last thing we ought to be doing is sending our sons and daughters into harm &apos;s way … to serve as al-qaeda &apos;s air force . &quot;
i have been following you bruce since seeing your work as state treasurer and am very pleased with the work you did in that position .
please , keep the the pressure on the current admin about the truth in benghazi .
you control the purse .
hopefully it will be a true and worthy conservative , but by god i will support a democrat over a turncoat .
shame on steve scalise for selling us out and voting with obama to pass &amp; fund executive amnesty !
you are bought and paid for by devos .
but , you had nothing to say about that traitor !
i &apos;m a georgia voter who supports energy independence .
actually the president didnt cancel the tour , the secret service did that because they had to cut peoples hours , and that would be do to failure of everyone in washington not doing the job that they were elected to do ..
we must demand defund now !
i will pray for your precious baby and you and your husband .
hey if government run healthcare is so good why don &apos;t we just go to govt run grocery stores .
i don &apos;t believe he is completely out of reason , and both higher taxes and spending cuts are needed .
rand &apos;s whole purpose from the very beginning has clearly been to play the game .
was wondering mr blunt , how do you feel about the fair tax ? ? ?
wish we had a president that would say those exact words and mean it ! !
i hate everything this administration is doing to this country .
the so called rich are already paying the vast majority now no i have no money but class warfare is not a answer to our problems .
you &apos;re doing it right , rand ! ! !
there &apos;s a socialist behind every tree .
fox is a sellout !
liberals and rinos spent it on crony pet projects .
here is some petty : defund obama vacations ... 1,400,000,000 us tax payers dollars spent on them .... ps that &apos;s 1.4 billion with a b ....
john mccain is one of the remaining good ones in the republican party .
mr. lankford you will have my vote in the primary .
i hope you stand up to this tyrant !
i have no sons ... thank god !
now tell us why obama wants to fine hospitals that provide free services to the poor .
let us know when you plan to run mia - you &apos;ve got my vote .
time to stand up mia .
and what is congress going to do about it ? ? ? ? ?
congressman blackburn , surely you can understand that .
the only thing they did is decrease spending growth .
christie , mccain , mcconnell , and even boehner are all traitors .
then do what needs to be done and keep obamas liberal idiots out of the supreme court .
all have insurance from the federal employees health benefits plan ... one of the reasons our health premiums were going up before the aca , is because the uninsured were getting their healthcare through the er .
trey had a great mentor
you only had one chance to stand with the american people to defund obamacare ..... and you went against us !
senator mccain i listened to you this morning saying that president trump including iraq was wrong , that they are not like iran , that iraq is our friend .
change the tax code to a fair tax which would do away with the irs and the us tax code .
ground for impeachment .
well ok on that but don &apos;t forget we will be watching to see how you vote on the new presidents cabinet picks as well ... many republicans are concerned about guys like mccain and your self ? ?
running our country .the debt .
senator mccain , you are an american hero and we love you .
we need to stop socialism ! ! ! ! ! ! !
tell that to boehner and mcconnell !
need congressmen who are in office to help our country , not to make a name for themselves .
those are the consideration that tax law takes into account for the earned income tax .
you dropped the ball paul
they should have read the oath to uphold the constitution all together .
mitch mcconnell !
so when are you defunding obama care ?
remember sir you work for us &quot; we the people &quot; .
this was a letter from bo himself about transparency and open govt .
not just no but h # # no !
the idea is to cut &quot; pork &quot; and raise income to possibly someday balance our budget .
both boehner and mcconnell need to be replaced .
what do you suggest we cut spending on kristi ?
impeach the mo-fo .
by the way i did my research on the vote that was done for syria and mccain is one of them that voted yes on it .
hell yeah , rand paul !
after the lies he told he actually expects us to believe he is telling the truth now , i don &apos;t think he knows what it is to tell the truth !
he is trampling on our constitution and taking away our freedoms one by one .
the man is a traitor to this country .
looks like there &apos;s a gowdy fan club .
susan collins does not call for any repeal of the health care act except for the part that pays for it .
merry christmas trey to you and your family and a very happy new year .
go johnny , go !
as far as i am concerned , you have turned your back on the people of sc .
thank-you , james !
the president continues to threaten the most vulnerable americans in order to get mo money !
but what the hell does it have to do with senator rubio wishing the jewish people well ?
you are already slipping conservative ideology in .
happy new year bruce cheers to more prosperous times in 2017 🎉
trey keep their feet in the fire !
you dare to call yourself a conservative reformer ? ?
would have been nice to have rand or cruz at our back !
i urge you to support the &quot; no budget , no pay &quot; idea .
why are you allowing trump to do whatever he wants , with no regard for what &apos;s actually good for georgia and its citizens ?
good on you , senators mccain and graham for speaking out against &quot; this &quot; latest un american and unconstitutional move by trump -- of course it was foreseeable and i hope you continue to stand up to this tyrant .
sen. enzi , as a former school board trustee and one who has worked in our public education system for over 30 years , ms devos is a poor choice for children and the future of our state and nation .
dump obama and his cronies and obamacare now ! !
he needs to be arrested convicted and sentenced to death now as our constitution states this is a direct act of war upon america ! ! ! ! ! ! !
vote &quot; no &quot; on disaster relief funds that contain non-related pork .
man , i thought he quit smoking dope ... apparently not .
no , no and no ! ! ! ! !
senator lankford --- if you have the moral courage to publicly acknowledge my concerns , i &apos;ll make a $ 2,700 donation to a mutually agreed upon charity and a matching contribution to your next campaign .
this would make much more sense than obama giving netanyahu advice in how to control his borders !
marco rubio is the answer for the senate
a flat tax is not a fair tax .
you might as well switch your party , you no longer represent the people who still believe in the constitution !
patrick tiberi is a traitor and an enemy of the people !
oklahomans will work diligently to defeat you and lankford for this vote .
mr john mccain , you are the best and please keep on the good work !
the senate role in approving presidential appointees was exactly intended to provide for a check on presidential authority and power to simply put into place those people he wants .
you , mr. ryan , are the exact reason most people hate politics .
i don &apos;t know who judge gorsuch is but if mr. gowdy endorsed him , i am satisfied .
meen while obummer plays another round of golf .
and i &apos;m proud to vote you out of office mr. corker for not listening to the people you represent .
remind mitch about the &quot; simple majority rule &quot; .
mcclintock for president !
the only way to stop him is to impeach him .
great speech tonight , marco !
iraqi takes who &apos;s ever side is winning the battle , they still can &apos;t defend anything themselves even when-we payed and gave them all the training and equipment they need , shut up mccain you need a term limit ‼ 🇺 🇸
marco most missed days in senate ....
exactly what do u mean tom ?
they need too stop talking about how bad this is and do something about it !
vern thinks about florida and the united states and that &apos;s why we support him !
that would force immediate spending cuts .
sir , she is grossly uninformed and unqualified for this position .
and tell us again what is your stance regarding the confederate flag and confederate monuments ?
no one with a lick of common sense could possibly vote for an idiot like rand paul
time vote out the rinos &amp; moderates &amp; get the conservatives in office .
sure seems like a lot of non ky folks .
john mccain you &apos;re maniacal wimp .
bill king it is obama &apos;s sequester ... even liberal dem &apos;s are stating it as a fact ... it will be his economy not bush &apos;s once and for all ! ! ! ! !
you had a chance to vote for changing the same old , same old in washington and didn &apos;t do it .
boehner is a rino .... goehmert should have been elected speaker ....
i would vote for you if i could sir ! !
funny i thought mainers elected bruce not israelies .
lindsey handles things in sc so good !
and obama &apos;s not a muslim , but i wish he was .
recently met with the muslim brotherhood and no media was allowed .
reid just wants out of this mess - he knows obama will own a default and pay for it at the polls - along with a lot of down-ticket candidates as well .
at least mia love has a foundation for what she says ... and isn &apos;t childish , right michael kearns ?
remind them that conservatives are watching their every move .
if your fellow republicans acted like this i would switch parties .
that was part of obama &apos;s plan .
what are you congressmen going to do about it ?
tom mcclintock , 3 cheers , to the smartest man in the room !
mr. gowdy , you sir are an inspiration !
especially securing our borders
marco i am reading your book right now and you and your wife and family are amazing !
in 1997 republicans regained the majority through 2008 and reversed the small tax increases clinton passed in 1993 that produced a budget surplus passed to the bush administration .
said it before and will say it again , term limits
maybe you should have done your job , then gone on vacation .
here in coeur d alene , idaho we have an ordinance that threatens to force every church minister to marry gays .
you , and some of your fellow politicians are acting like the people have never had to vote for a republican nominee in the past that we didn &apos;t want ... but we did because the alternative was a democrat .
nothing &apos;s been done bc rand and every oter congressmen or women is bought and paid for by corporations .
emily elana adrianna pulford
what happened overnight that changed your mind mr lankford ?
it &apos;s time to audit the fed !
let &apos;s see ... senator enzi is not a member of the fcc , and he &apos;s not the potus .
go mr. mcclintock !
washington needs to get out of our schools .
let &apos;s pray to god not !
2 : eliminate the federal reserve ( which is neither federal nor reserve ) and it &apos;s long arm the irs !
vote no on devos and uphold our public system of education .
carly florina was the leader as i see it .
i think he has no plan and and they are all our enemies .i think we should secure our borders and protect our country before we worry about another country .
they controlled both houses of congress last year and have the presidency and no budget was passed .
are we ever going to get the truth or does obama think we will just let it slide if nothing is done ?
i admire you trey gowdy .
we need border patrol heavily armed ... not ebola
also in obama executive order is the border fence to be completed within 2 years of when obama executive order on imigration actually goes into affect !
sit down jerry .
if you were truly concerned about the national debt , you wouldn &apos;t have voted for the bush tax cuts , while you voted for two wars , neither of which was actually included in the budgets that either the legislative ( you ) or the executive branches produced .
and also to you , god bless you in this coming year as you fight for our liberty !
no matter what the issue this country faces that constitution and the god of creation are the solutions .
reid is a complete fool .
someone on fox said that obama is our green president because he keeps recycling his promises .
he might just be setting himself up for impeachment .
that would cut government spending in half and increase income at the same time .
wright , how do you know thom tillis scrubbed those post ?
our republic is over , theconstitution is not the law of the land .
meehan makes traitors list . &quot;
thats a metaphor not a racial comnet sir .
keep religion out of politics , go rand
i don &apos;t think obama wants to avoid the cliff .
put some tanks out there and just stop them
they were defenders of liberty which father and son paul are today .
trey we need to know was ambassador chris stevens set up by our government to cover for the secretary of state criminal activities .
sure hope trey run after trump
i know if marco was president we would be there to fight isis to keep them from coming here .
thank god we have obama as the president of the united states !
a vote for romney is a vote for obama .
she made this socialist statement all the way back in 2004 , read more : http : / / patriotupdate.com / articles / who-is-worse-for-america-barack-obama-or-hillary-clinton / # ixzz2xkvrgrri
he is breaking his oath of office .
i say repeal it !
thanks for standing up to obamas lawlessness .
and to vote no
your true colors came through bob .
lindsey you are worthless
the epa has targeted the fossil energy fields , forcing numerous coal companies out of business .
the 100 million additional aliens will be those family members and relatives brought here by the 20 million legalized citizen illegals
senator ted cruz presented the constitutional vision at hillsdale college last saturday .
mike , you &apos;re my congressman also .... and , i stand behind you all the way .
i wil support you as long as you do not cave to the liberals .
i am saddened to think that there was no mistakes in this , everything happened intentionally , for what ever god awful reason .
the msm just doesn &apos;t publish anything that conflicts with their need to vilify republicans and nobody wants to publish what all the liberty caucus republicans are saying .
don &apos;t let our defenses down because obama wants this .
the use or lose end of fiscal year monies needs to be seriously addressed !
you would think they would call us when problems arise , but no ! !
a liberal is open to learning new things , will consider what a conservative has to offer as one source , and will make his / her decision based on the evidence put before him / her .
congress has done its job , its time the senate and the president to do theirs .
rand , you are my rep. best vote ever !
he &apos;s not about &apos; the people &apos; , he gets what he wants always or else he veto &apos;s and takes what he wants .
what are you going to do , mr. isakson , to remove the islamists in our country and to block the entry of even more of them ?
go rand , go.i &apos;m all for you .
praying for her full and speedy recovery !
so of course he vetoed the ksp .
no to syria and no to obamacare !
i know it is just a movie but it makes a good point about unneeded gov spending .
free mason ted cruz directly connected to aztlan / mexico .
when will washington get that it is subsides that cause inflation and the government interfering with free market and why we really are not a free market economy !
your an idiot mccain and a disgrace to what you have been called to do ... you are suppose to be defending our liberty &apos;s , defending our constitution ... not doing all you can to strip it down ! !
bills that remove our rights have passed ... but .. you &quot; tried &quot; our constitution of the united states is torn to pieces ... but .. all we hear is how our congressmen are &quot; going to fight &quot; for us ....
when jenkins votes to repeal obamacare , kansans with pre-existing conditions would be moved to high-risk pools , less benefits , higher premiums .
&quot; just starting &quot; it &apos;s amazing how long it takes politican to &quot; get it &quot; sorry , go the dc and get the rest of you doing / moving like rand paul and stop talking about it .
the critics in the senate should have been standing with you , instead of criticizing an effort to stand for the constitution .
obama heads the muslim brotherhood , he has others as his closest advisors .
lindsey get busy confirming cabinet .
support flat tax .
bruce is the only representation we have in washington .
as well republican party !
she is totally unqualified .
like ryan has any credibility .
praying for you , james !
the consequences of not taking a resolute stand to defund obamacare now are much worse than a government shutdown .
but stupid is so rampant that surmounting it may be our down fall
when will congress have term limits ?
in our current economic situation , every little thing we buy or do affects someone else - most often , their job .
who have the principles of god faith intentions .
great quote rand paul !
we need a lot more politicians doing what is right for the american people .
no one in the republican party respects you .
impeachment is a good title , but doesnt do anything .
the point , being , there has yet been precedent set or constitutional authority granted for a president to initiate hostilities against a foreign country after congress votes to deny said authorization ?
there was a time i had great respect for you , senator mccain .
he has front loaded his agenda , but does not have the money to start it up ! !
i am outraged that you would confirm devos .
praying you will win next time so we can get the socialist out of office
but , whatever the outcome john boehner needs to be removed as speaker !
president george w. bush started with eo 13198 and ended with eo 13488. george h w bush ( r ) ( 1989-1993 ) issued 165 executive orders .
sounds like his 96 colleagues might just need to push forward for impeachment !
praying for you and all mr. scott stand firm .
do not repeal obamax care ... fix it ! !
60 votes with sen. reid will enable him to strip the bill of defund and pass his own with a simple majority .
maybe next time you will listen to the people you work for and put you in the position you are in .
it is past time we the people got educated and took our country back .
keep up the fight , and understand that we support republicans stopping this out of control president .
when house republicans have said we want to negotiate harry reid told obama do not negotiate and obama had said any laws that change obamacare i will veto .
raised on government aid and will die on government aid , but our good old politicians will keep getting votes .. -that , my friend , is the name of the game--don &apos;t worry about the citizens , just keep our good jobs .
we are 100 % behind you tim scott .
rand paul what do you support ?
niki , tim , lindsey , and every other elected official that are backing this puke , your jobs may not be as secure as you may think .
why doesn &apos;t the state of utah forbid insurance companies from raising premiums again instead ?
it is not necessary for obama to offer any budget for consideration before congress , because he continues to get what he wants piecemeal through these continuing resolutions .
i can hear it now from all the pro-choice advocates &quot; all those conservatives want to control my body &quot; .
your sc constituents deserve better .
your job mr. lankford is to hold these lawless people accountable and to date we have seen nothing happen !
need more tom mc clintocks higher up in the political chain ! !
he will not follow the constitution .
they are ruining our country !
the power of the purse is congress &apos; way of checking the executive branch .... why are they being so irresponsible and surrendering to obama &apos;s spending ?
i have been asking congressman graves the same question for weeks now and have only received the typical &quot; spin &quot; email .
if obama does &apos; go it alone &apos; … he will indeed being on his own , for the legitimate government of &apos; we the people of the constitution &apos; does not have our approval , or the authority .
you got that exactly right scott , thanks for not bending ... oh !
he ridiculed his manhood and warned the businessman would &quot; fracture &quot; the republican party if he was the nominee . &quot;
get well soon mr b !
dear representative lankford , what do you personally think of john mccain ?
my husband lost his it job six months ago .
go git em louie !
i can &apos;t believe the people who do believe obama &amp; are blind followers .
it is about what is best for our children &amp; who would be best to represent our children in washington d.c. and betsy devos does not represent our children &apos;s best interests .
i am praying for the decisions that have to be made .
shame on lamar for selling his soul .....
lord we ask you to once again take leadership of this once great nation !
like the ones that control the media , the ones that make millions on talk shows .
trey gowdy you should run for president .... no one understands the constitution like you ...
john mccain must go ! ! !
finally a republican pushing back never give g-mo away either ! !
he and jeff beau sit on their front porches drinking mint juleps while they reminisce about the good old days of the confederate south and all the slaves their great-grandpappies had on their magnificent plantations .
and obama stopped that ?
trey you are our hope our trooper in the trenches .
well done , mr .
there will be a time of reckoning for those who voted for this ridiculous spending increase .
ronald reagan they ain &apos;t ... too bad , too !
if he does not get the nomination , he will run as an independent .
even the food you buy at the store will be subject to this punitive tax .
america is being sucked dry by lazy people and stop letting them into our country its time for americans to take back america and enough of foreign aid to pooor countries that keep breeding kids if you cant feed them don &apos;t breed them .
it sure is swell , mr. roskam , that the house gop gets into a game of chicken with ted cruz , and it &apos;s the american economy that &apos;s going to be forced into the ditch .
why is eric holder still serving as attorney general ?
yes we all agree
never thought you of all people would become a rino !
5 years of my young life - and all my time , intellect and money : ( independent presidential strategist ron paul presidential campaigns 2008 ( started 2007 ! ! ! )
thad cochran , mississippi bob corker , tennessee mike crapo , idaho tom coburn , oklahoma lamar alexander , tennessee johnny isakson , georgia let &apos;s remember .
i get that you want conservative principles .
senator jerry moran , i am disappointed in you .
i have kids who work in the oil and gas industry , obama needs to be stopped , enough of this dictator and his under handed ways ! !
ms hartzler with ally they hoopla over defunding obamacare , by any chance did the house members also include that almembers of congress , govt , unions and big business be forced into having to accept obamacare should the senate add paying for obamacare ?
unfortunately , john mccain , he is naive and dangerous and he &apos;s doesn &apos;t care what you have to say .
but what will the majority gop in congress and senate do about it ?
yes , the desert wacko bird spoke .
so tom , what the heck are you gonna do about it ?
lindsey , please vote against that insane &apos; shot across the bow &apos; !
johnny , can conservatives use their heads ?
keep up the good work sen. flake .
is there a possibility for 2016 rubio all the way ! !
when you put one religion over another you are not upholding the constitution which you swore an oath to defend .
the only way to protect america from putin is to impeach trump .
rand you have defended our liberties against democrats and republicans alike and you will continue to .
add to that obamacare which has 21 new taxes on americans .
austin scott is a lost cause and we all know it .
senator sasse , thanks very much for your letter .
the list goes on but you call rand paul a clown because he believes that business is the key to growth .
if one is forced to have obamacare , then health care providers should be required / forced to accept it .
i &apos;m white mr mccain and i live in ohio .
not betsy devos
mccain you are a disgrace to the office you hold , do the honorable thing for once and resign immediately
republicans now in the majority can &apos;t get anything done .
the freedom act only allows the government to act freely while it limits the people &apos;s freedoms .
sc will surely miss you .
vote johnny out !
we know there were other republicans who did not support this ridiculous appointment ... the difference ... they had no guts , no spine , no courage .
and when those running for office have made sure we cannot protect the right of legal americans to vote and allow illegal non citizens to vote those traitors to america will fraud their way into government .
we are in big trouble with obamacare .
you &apos;re a little late to the game .
don &apos;t let that dictator we call president get his way .
the fbi has declared a candidate for potus careless and negligent .
you are so right that we should concentrate on the house and senate to keep the majority .
should let the folks vote on impeaching him !
shame on you marco rubio .
the first nominee for president under fbi investigation .
then start moving toward impeachment !
oppose cloture &amp; support the house in working to defund obamacare .
96 % of the epa employees were furloughed because they are non-essential .
that &apos;s not how our government sees it .
betsy devos and her family &apos;s money are not the answer .
that &apos;s not what he said - but we do know that romney did not answer the question as to where he would get 2 trillion for his military buildup
right now the government is controlled by people with no regard for the country .
do something about their &apos; training camps &apos; here in tennessee now !
no one has been fired .
if trey grayson really is a uk wildcat , why did he have to find education at another institution for law ?
he wants it both ways .
i live in florida and you sir will not be getting my vote !
as for speaker .
about time senator mccain .
saxby may be retiring , but you will need votes to remain as a georgia senator .
god bless trey gowdy and all who speak out and fight against terror and tyranny in america .
obama wants to fly somewhere on america &apos;s dime , not happening .
keep ranting rand , we stand with you !
the arab spring in egypt , tunisia , and libya should be enough to show that we stay out of syria .
eagerly awaiting the articles of impeachment , tom .
exactly right , marsha blackburn .
republicans caved to the crazies and passed a bill which won &apos;t solve the problem !
just as obamacare went through proper steps to be passed , you have to go through steps if you want it repealed .
i hope you are one of the republican who are voting for the bill the senate sent over to you .
robert , the problem with the deduction your propsing is we would be basically in the same position we are now with almost half of the population not paying taxes .
the people that believed in obama are now paying the price along with those that didnt believe anything he said .
impeach revoked prosecute now congress house and senate !
hey , sasse – are you fighting to get all of the president &apos;s judicial nominees heard ?
stand strong ; stand on the foundation of truth , mr. gowdy .
rand , i hope it backfires big time on you !
why didn &apos;t you vote on merrick garland ?
you will never receive my vote and in the future , conservatives like myself will look to true leaders who will do what they say and stand for the freedoms and values our country was founded on .
back up cruz ! ! !
intentionally targetting and american citizen for summary execution is illegal and a violation of the constitution no matter where they are located .
this is an easy call senator , simply refuse to fund the irs until they rescind the regulation .
why not fair tax ?
congresswoman blackburn knows this !
you might not like him but he is our leader of our country and if you don &apos;t support our president then you don &apos;t like our country very much ! ! !
if mr. boehner does not want the american public to think these are the underlying reasons for not presenting the cr , he should act swiftly to counter this impression .
did you win sir ?
when will the provost arrest obama - it certainly looks valid per his actions and facts that he supports treason and crimes in usa
― ronald reagan
that is why we still have obamacare - because they will not defund it !
i don &apos;t believe obama really has any beliefs , he operates from his chicago upbringing .
i still think mr scalia was murdered .
how can we change leaders speaker baighner needs to go
this is why fixing the illegal immigration problem is easy .
do not give in on obamacare that no one wants .
he would oppose it to try to save his hide .
they agreed to fund the aca if they get the delay .
democrats looked like a bunch of terrorists in trying to outlaw the us constitution !
i sincerely hope you will reconsider this decision .
praying for the christian men who are actually acting like a christian !
he has done his job , now do yours by affording this nominee a fair hearing .
obamacare will bring our demise as a republic congress will have to find their souls and stop this insanity now
vote against devos if you have even an inkling of care for the education of children .
supporting obama after this completely undercut confidence that an national member of the gop cares about their constituents and only cares about their position in washington .
taqqiya tell us whatever it takes to get your agenda pushed through ... the american public have spoken no amnesty !
don &apos;t bother with your earlier , worn story that mchenry votes against legislation just hide his support for it .
obamacare would make healthcare affordable for each and every american who could not afford healthcare in the first place .
senator mccain , i agree .
and y &apos;all let thousands and thousands of people legally immigrate here from those same areas .
coburn had come up with half a trillion in cuts , i hope you all explore doing just that .
he is acting like a tyrant and traitor !
he has totally failed in any aspect of foreign policy , can &apos;t even tell if he has any kind of plan .
he is a man of character and he is a constitutionist and fiscal conservative .
god continually bless you !
greg - the american people need to help themselves get back to work .
i &apos;m tired of the games this president plays , too bad his sheep didn &apos;t see him for who he is on tuesday .
they did show the corps some , but , when they showed the aggie side , it was just very disappointed people just standing there .
alot of moron republicans may blindly follow you in the same way liberals do for ppl like obama , but i wont be fooled .
senator mccain please put america 🇺 🇸 first over party affiliation .
we are begging you and the republican leadership to stand up .
tom , i believe that &apos;s exactly what the left wants to do ... disarm the innocents and let the criminals run the asylum ... on second thought , maybe they &apos;ve already done this .
i believe that an example of this is the obamacare tax .
yes ... too late lindsey .
senator david perdue you are clearly not doing this for the people you were elected to represent or with the best interest of georgia in mind .
as a north carolina teacher and republican , i am appalled at the idea of her being in charge of education for our country .
my pitch is for mitch !
the president has been willing to compromise .
i heart rand .
( a ) raise taxes = no bush cuts for anyone = 360b .
the usa doesn &apos;t want to raise cain with pakistan because they &apos;ve already cut by 1 / 3rd their annual security aid package of $ 2.7 billion ( with a &quot; b &quot; there folks ) .... now you tell me ... are there places to make cuts other than our incomes and state run facilities ? ? ? ?
no to fironi , no to carson , no to trump , no to walker , no to bush , no to paul , ... i like huckabee .... but cruz all the way .
extending tax breaks for the top 2 % and the estate tax is beyond comprenhension with the decefit the way it is .
mccain quit bothering people with your senile comments .
praying for a win , mr sanford !
border security is a separate and distinct issue from immigration .
cut wasteful spending ?
john boehner is disingenuous in the extreme ... and a traitor to the citizens , in my humble opinion .
time to cut spending ( particularly defense spending-the u.s. spends 6 + times what the next nation--china--does on its military .
mr thune , the way i see it , ain &apos;t none of you sonsabitches in washington worth the powder to blow you to hell .
which is ok if this was a socialist or commnist country .
no , on both counts greg .
you &apos;re a class act mr. scott !
repeal this bs deal with iran , kerry and obama are both liars and kerry lied yesterday when addressing the committee ..
yet , trey gowdy , you do nothing and then have the gall to endorse marco rubio who is pro amnesty !
lindsey is doing too little too late.he needs to get voted out .
get out of the race marco you showed your true colors in the primary don &apos;t bother .
it was passed by congress , signed into law by the president , the supreme court upheld it and the american people approved it by reelecting obama .
god bless you too 🙏 🏻 ❤ ️
shouldn &apos;t everyone in congress try to reduce or shrink government authority .
get rid of obama and his cronies , talk about breaking the law , this administration has committed more high crimes &amp; treasonous act than any other head of a count in history why are they still there ?
is ted poe really a constitutional conserative or is ted poe a big government neocon republican ?
we need help sir !
2 days before the election he &apos;s just trying to cover his butt .
thanks for defending our conservative position .
glad to hear he is ok. praying for a full recovery !
that would be awesome if that happened , but then there wouldn &apos;t be any politicians left !
thanks senator thune for all you do for us !
isn &apos;t there anyone in this country who can stand up to obama ?
3. america , with the help of the hurst news owner invaded cuba .
for your information mr collins 22 elementary students in china were attacked by a deranged man with a knife while at school .
get rid of rino &apos;s
they already hear our goverment talking about stepping in and already are not sleeping well .
the fact is that the majority of people from tn are against any type of gun control and it is against our constitutional rights and shouldn &apos;t be up for debate in the 1st place .
let obama his family and his administration have it !
3 tour combat vet and i &apos;m voting for poliquin ... emily cain is about as smart as a box of rocks
these are just 3 of many non-christian / non-believing godless traitors trying to lead us astray .
and that obama decided to create an immigration crisis by not allowing border control to do their jobs anymore , advertising our borders are open , and inviting illegals to flood into the usa undocumented and so forth .
be a leader and rally weak republicans to stand together and oppose a cloture vote .
honestly there is a way to cut spending without it affecting so many people in this way .
the republican presidential candidates were asked whether or not president obama should nominate a new supreme court justice to the supreme court to replace scalia .
no it &apos;s about taxes , in general , you want to balance a budget you can &apos;t overlook the means of income .
boehner had plenty of opportunity but chose to betray conservatives .
dear congressman franks , please i am respectfully asking you to co-sponsor h res 30 formerly known as h res 752. we really depend on your support to end the dog meat trade .
can we please propose a bill for georgia that holds political leaders to the same rules and laws as the people they are elected to lead ?
everything this president does is shouted down by the gop .
that senator paul and senator cruz actually stood in the well of the senate and , mr smith goes to washington style , spoke their filibuster instead of that bs cloture vote that automatically guarantees a procedural filibuster ?
you tell &apos; em , mia !
roger i am a firm believer that the sooner we become less dependent on foreign oil the sooner we will start the financial recovery here .you know me as the &quot; voice of rockwall &quot;
you not being re-elected would be the best thing for south carolina and it &apos;s citizens
it does not involve holding up a spending bill .
i &apos;ve been telling my friends and family about you rand !
james marshall what makes you an expert ?
exactly why do you think the federal government should help colorado in its time of need when you voted against aid for other states ?
no answers of benghazi yet .
if i were harry reid , i say it has a fact !
the left wants to bankrupt the country , and the gop will turn a blind eye , for enough money .
flat tax 6 %
i sure hope that nc gov .
doesn &apos;t say anything about conservatives getting targeted though .
your better get on broad we were taking note on the ones that weren &apos;t , when you all come up for reelection .
i don &apos;t believe y &apos;all should be getting paid right now .
our military is inportant and i fill that we do not need the cut the spending there
he was so eager to approve obama &apos;s liberal nominees to the supreme court .... lindsey only votes the way john mccain tells him to vote ..
why can &apos;t you just move on and do something positive for the country and south carolinians like doing something bi-partisan for a change ?
same to you and your family , vern !
no , the scotus restored the constitution
not a surprise , no one really believes anything that comes out of that office anymore anyways .
the internet sales tax is obscene in its outrageous costs to anyone doing business on line .
what was that crap biden said about obama being unqualified before he was made vp ?
sandra , the plan b does not end a pregnancy , it is not an abortifiicant .
so you and your conservative cronies will be adopting all the unwanted babies .
he needs to be out of office .
laying the blame on the current president is exactly how it should fall , at least as far as elected officials go .
it makes alot of sense if you factor what he has done to our country since elected .
unlike spineless boehner , mcconnell .... traitors to america ... and have sold us out .
when you welcome the enemy within your borders , he will kill you .
but we also need to stop sending money and planes etc .
obama , the muslim , will never get castro , the communist , to give the people freedom and loose his control ... never .
this is proven that our military under obama chief commander is under the muslim brotherhood terrorist organization .
i lost a lot of respect for you mr. ryan
mike , clearly you are an authority on shooting blanks .
option b. why should houston be prohibited from getting tax dollars for projects that it locally chooses .
trey god &apos;s blessings &amp; protections on you and your family &amp; your co workers for honesty &amp; justice for all !
i salute you ; now , remove that confederate flag from state grounds
the party of the jellyfish caved again to the left .
the video shows that the planned parenthood was talking in the context of stem cell research , and was talking about standard reimbursement rates for costs associated with tissue donation — all of which was edited by conservative media and conservative organizations .
please shup up don &apos;t think you will get any votes from south carolina on anything i will vote for do to go africa obama &apos;s home town , you are a trader
fair tax not flat tax !
you have made us sc people proud
that is why you are seeing chaos : because this was not conservative .
mia , when you voted for boehner &quot; you &quot; made me sorry i supported you .
way to tell them today on meet the depressed senator scott !
voting for you today begrudgingly , republicans better not go back to business as usual and work toward shrinking the government , repealing obamacare , and reforming the tax code .
mia love , it is your wisdom that got you elected ! !
senator moran , i am in your camp .
sasse is another puppet not wanting to stop the corruption that is going on .
you &apos;re making lots of sense mr. mcclintock .
what &apos;s scarry is the irs scandal was intentionally leaked .
this just means you sir are part of the establishment that must be taken down .
instead , pay attention to the words , and actions , of those in d.c. the future of our country rests on our conscience , our willingness to be honest and truthful , and steadfast obedience and reliance on our faith in god , not by taking away our constitutional right to bear arms .
now , the liberty movement will go on without me ?
lindsey graham is a coward .
yes president bush added to the debt .
the best way to fix our problems is to cut the federal government and cut taxes .
we got your back down here in texas !
as for how much tax is enough 1000 tax credit per child is unfair .
hooray for you congressman scott desjarlais !
i will live here and love ... but i long to be home with the lord god almighty .
you &apos;ve done a disservice to the children of sc .
obama should be impeached and imprisoned .
can cruz run as a different party or would we need a new candidate since he initially ran as a republican ?
how embarrassing for marsha .
rino turncoat .
i sent emails .
they are ruining our schools as we speak .
but one who is a true christian does not persist or live in sin .
lindsey would have us covered up w / wet backs .
how about a new party , that i agrees on following the constitution and ron paul knows about it : )
sen. mccain , don &apos;t let the left run you or any other republicans down .
he &apos;s already broken the law and the constitution .
they ( the criminals here illegally ) believe they are above the law and many get benefits a american citizen can &apos;t get .
gather support among your peers and defund obamacare .
impeach him please
where &apos;s the 2 / 3 override at ?
no wonder everyone hates us .
dr. paul &apos;s birthday wish , congressman massie , is for you to rid of the commies in congress and to impeach our communist-backed potus .
he was great and we need many more who believe as he did - defend the constitution and the republic of america to the max - that means have government get out of the way and stop being the hindrance to real prosperity and wealth for many more of us !
its a load of crap bob .
i want to know why we don &apos; t see the cuts in foreign aid spending like 60 % if any while we have to borrow 40 + cents on the dollar to send .
yea another brilliant way of thinking wrong paul thinks we can just be nice to them , , sounds like the moron in the whitehouse now .
the obama nation is an abomination !
it &apos;s a worst-case scenario that assumes republicans can &apos;t stabilize insurance markets during the transition .
a - stop the federal government spending .
so how about you all impeach the person who is trying to destroy it and what it stands for ?
im pretty sure this guy has a facebook app on his iphone so why hasnt he responded yet ?
my question is when are our &quot; leaders &quot; going to quit their jack-assed sniping and get to work on coming up with a bipartisan plan to fix what they screwed up ?
any &quot; no pay &quot; provision violates the 27th amendment to the u.s. constitution .
how about we enforce the laws that already exist ?
no president in our history has shown this kind of abandonment of his country that obama has shown .
beautiful words senator scott .
obama is like alot of guys that i have worked with before , and that he is probably a great guy away from work , but he is a horrible employee .
good idea , sir .
having drones is not the issue ... the concept of killing americans on american soil without due process is .
obamas on his next project immigration reform
facebook and fox
i &apos;m a republican voter in your district and approving a $ 200 million donor to head the dept of education with no education degree and no teaching experience is not draining the swamp .
senator isakson - please back ted cruz and others in the senate who want to defund the affordable care act .
a vote for a 3rd party candidate is a vote for the democratic nominee and will seal the demise of our way of life giving way to destructive socialism .
marco rubio ..... most self serving , pompous , and unnecessary statement i have read in a long time .
now , please do something about the droning , interventionist foreign policy , crony capitalism ( we want real capitalism ) , ndaa , patriot act etc .
the president hasn &apos;t divided this country .
ohh , the chaos that would ensue , as people lose their coverage , with no replacement .
why weren &apos;t you standing strong with senators cruz and lee ?
mr lankford , why have you not taken a stand against mr. trump ?
you deserve it senator paul .
no one is stopping obama .
the rebels are our enemy as well as assad .
lindsey , you are making a mistake !
this is the same concept that brought us mcconnell , boehner and the like .... sorry , i &apos;m leaving the republican party effectively asap !
it would appear that obama does not fully support israel and it has been reported that mr. hagel does not either .
it &apos;s time that you stop this amnesty , you are done if you continue to push for this , and yes defund obama care .
both ted kennedy and george bush came up with nclb .
it &apos;s an embarrassment to the republican party .
christie is worse then rubio .
i know valerie jarrett is an iranian and john kerry &apos;s son in law is iranian but obama seems obsessed with this .
mia i have followed you this past year and soooo admire you and all you stand for .
@ tim byrd , yes , raising the debt ceiling does give congress and the president the green light to spend more in the future .
way to be a leader there greg .
mr. scott , please stand with rand and cruz and lee to filibuster all gun laws .
it &apos;s the truth but since it smears mcclintock himself , you probably won &apos;t believe it .
facebook i think would fall more under rules pertaining to political campaigning .
obama is aiding and abetting terrorism !
when &apos;s the last time there has been a clean cr
yes jerry .
a little too late for you to say anything paul .
while there would be some costs associated with any replacement policies , it is expected that they would be much less than the current outlay burden under the ac
but in no way shape or form support our enemies with our tax dollars but continue to maintain a strong and able military to defend our nation from our enemies from without and from within .
maybe mr gowdy you should do something about it then .
get well johnny !
just keep telling yourself that , ted .
check the statistics from reagan &apos;s congressionally-approved amnesty package .
why is obama allowed to lie again &amp; again to the american people .
david - boehner has already said it will be raised - so here in my suggestion .
god bless you trey gowdyand god bless america
you were elected to represent us , the people of south carolina !
to the ones who thanked him for raising taxes with virtually no govt spending cuts , please show me , smart people , how is this gonna pay off this debt that our kids are inheriting .
god speed and bless !
the end around game of funding and arming our enemies and imposing roe that hand cuff our troops is getting them killed .
and 2 ) how many of these stimulus were in fact issued to deceased wherein the irs and ssa had already been notified ?
what &apos;s wrong with these people johnny don &apos;t they understand what iran &apos;s goal is ? ? ?
the solution is very simple start doing your jobs and remove obama and charge obama and hillary clinton for high treason ! ! ! !
come on harold , i do respect our brave men and women in uniform as well as those who suffered so greatly at the hand of the enemy , however but mccain has had it easy for years as one of the hanger ons up in congress .
what a bunch of bs she will be no different then obama , she was going to change healthcare as we know it as well .. pray she and her cronies aren &apos;t there either .. pray
the american people chose him for your party .
why didn &apos;t the senate pass rand paul &apos;s , mike lees , or pat toomey &apos;s budget resolutions ?
obama needs to be arrested .
so , get rid of common core .
senators that voted for obamacare are up for reelection in 2012
praying .
your constituents overwhelmingly did not want betsy devos and you did not listen to our voices .
i cannot believe you voted yes on betsy devos .
i do not beleive the epa has served its purpose .
you &apos;re spineless and weak .
&quot; somehow , the media and political narrative has been that if we don &apos;t raise the debt ceiling we will default on our debt .
take away all freedoms from americans so that he can declare martial law and establish his dictatorship .
it &apos;s all part of the liberal destruction of the country ... our christian values are meaningless ... but they &apos;ll go out of their way not to offend muslims now ....
also , too many supposedly conservative senators join the democrats to vote to spend money we do not have .
i don &apos;t mind lifting sanctions on cuba , but for the us to hold itself out as a shining example of a country ruled by law is getting a little old .
caleb smith all goverment leaches should take a pay cut not just a freeze
to bruce f . &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt; since you are such a good neighbor to all , why don &apos;t you house these terrorists in your own home ?
because they believe that you and your house republican colleagues will never let that happen the chances of a solution to our national debt problem are slim .
help , marco , help !
don &apos;t get me wrong , i &apos;d love to see 95 % of our foreign aid end all together .
another temper tantrum ............ go ahead let us default obama , don &apos;t negotiate or compromise and now blame everyone else ! !
time for a third party !
we should also remember that democracy requires constant vigilance , that dissension and a free exchange of ideas are essential to liberty , and that the 4th of july is neither a conservative nor a liberal holiday .
omg paul !
the one or ones calling you that are the real wacko birds !
illegal immigration through our borders and the financial burdens .
please , i have asked this of both you and u.s. senator lindsey graham , step down , go away , both of you are a waste of space in washington and here in south carolina .
lol rubio really cannot stand trump .
mcclintock is not electable in california because he is too smart .
nope they wont
how would the head of the irs make 120 trips to the white house in 2010 , and .
robin , sorry , but dred scott was law , reviewed by scotus and upheld , does that mean it was a good law ?
crap like this is what led enough conservatives to stay home costing romney the election and giving us 4 more years of obama .
as for obama i give him a f and should be impeached truth be told .
representative buchanan , please start getting congress to do something to stop this man !
obama can &apos;t guarantee anything and he don &apos;t care if americans are hurt and / or killed ! !
may god hear and answer all these prayers ! !
stop the foreign aid to countries who hate us ; we &apos;re wasting hard earned dollars .
obama has screwed so much up that it will take the next two presidents to get back right .
rhino be afraid very afraid lol
he explained that the support from hispanics dropped after reagan gave them amnesty .
you do not have to shut down the government , first stop all funds going to over sea countries untill next year of the year after .
veto is coming
read and repost re : the obama care de-funding bill ..... any vote for cloture ( closure ) means debating / filibusting the bill is over .
wish congress could stop obama and &quot; partners &quot; .
lets impeach obama and forget about all the wonderful things he talked about that someone will have to pay for .
it was first reported you would support the paul filibuster , then you didn &apos;t .
this needs to be an all out investigation against harry reid , his son and the obama administration , and not an obama appointed committee either , including holder or obama &apos;s brown shirt divisions as well !
congress is falling down on the job and letting this administration run roughshod over the rule of law ! !
i believe that you have forgotten your conservative values and for that you must go .
elise stefanik will not give serious explanation to her votes as we can see she is clearly not thinking about the bigger picture for all americans .
i &apos;m waiting for obama to go out there and hug a couple of people and sit in a cafe and tell them he understands their feelings .
yeah , all you dumb ass rinos have some egg on your face tonight .
impeach the sob how many more people must he kill before the people wake up ? \
the damage to america the debt ceiling brinksmanship is causing could be irrevocable .
thanks rand for being a bright light in a dark , dark presidency
everyone that hates obama is just plain racist
if you are truly so against obamacare then stand with ted cruz and mike lee , the house of reps and the american people and vote no to cloture ! !
lets start it now , what do you say , we the people of the united states of america ? and mr.tom mcclintock you have the ball in your court , get it started ! ! ! !
you and senator ted cruz are very similar in your methods of hiding your narrow personal agenda from everybody , perhaps even from yourself .
begin impeachment now .
mia love is one of the great ones and i am so glad that her state was able to recognize this .
praying for his family and friends
send obama and his followers over there !
you would have my vote for sure !
yes the white house belongs to the people not mr obama
please continue to fight to stop obamacare .
americans do not want amnesty .
praying for all those affected !
unfortunately , it is the manners and civility of republicans , like susan collins , that are weapons to be used against them by democrats .
ok dan , now that we know who this guy is and the fact that obama spoke with his father , that the fbi stoped their investigation of him .
your republican party ran up the debt with 2 wars and tax breaks for the upper income put on the nation &apos;s credit card .
senator , stand with the house and senators cruz and lee : no cloture , no obamacare !
tim you need to take the reins in 8 yeats
please put your hat in for speaker rep gowdy !
douglas , conservatives have core values , kind of limits us on being all inclusive .
his resignation would have been the best outcome of his speech .
good job steven , now lets launch a campaign to confiscate the billions of rounds of ammo dhs has stock piled .
how would obama know anything about doing a job ..... that &apos;s something the agitator has never hand until now ( unfortunately ) .
the annual deficit is down to a third of what obama was left with .
prayers for wisdom and strength .
keep it for the billionaires like facebook who should be paying taxes since they profit off of selling our private information .
senator scott , you always make us so proud ! ! !
read mccain &apos;s true &apos; go-along to get-along &apos; history , and his actions in hanoi .
apathy , and idiots who think the tea party , a group that wants to slash government and spending , cut taxes , balance the budget and restore freedom is a threat .
bringing in 3rd party is a vote for hillary .
and importantly , they are not tax increases , and the politicians who call them tax increases would appear to be lying .
do what you were elected to do and that &apos;s get rid of obama and his cronies and all his so called &quot; changes &quot; ! !
to you too mike .
you are a rino and you should quit the senate now .
evict obama now !
rino ryan needs to go .
do you think for one second that the terrorist have not used the mexican border to enter america ?
they will feel like prisoners in a strange land .
guaranteed mac thornberry of texas will have some folks on his tail ! ! ! !
we the people are counting on you , senator thune , to stand with ted cruz and vote no to cloture on the continuing resolution .
there were others you could have voted for but you were bought and paid for by boehner .
i realize voting against the sc nominee would be impossible for you , but devos should be a very easy no
we cannot afford a republican president ever again .
flake is idiot who voted for corker bill .
he would go down like mccain and romney in elections that are over before anybody even went to the polls .
all of the wacko birds get in there and help sen. cruz ... like senator paul and sessions and roberts ... and now rubio ..... ! ! !
why didn &apos;t he put his own kids up there to listen to his crap ?
i agree with the people vote with your heart and mind , not just the party .
and the cycle will go on and the american ppl will believe they are in control .
the us army is much more capable of handling this issue than mcclintock .
i have been a conservative independent since i was old enough to vote .
be like trey gowdy &amp; never back down .
thanks scott , sure hope we can find more like you to help .
congressman gowdy , i am a frustrated veteran .
fk off lindsey
yes , i am tired of south carolina being considered a place to dispose of nuclear waste or extremely dangerous people who are ready to die for their cause .
we do not like what you did to our 2nd amendment right and we do not forget .
lou .. its a false flag operation .. syria is no threat to us ... vote no !
but to insist the american people arm and give aide to our enemies , give out all these freebies to the lazyies and those that come across our borders and to fund these stupid , really stupid pork projects , that is not in our family budget !
so why did you pass the $ 1.2 trillion obama budget including all his programs ... obamacare , planned parenthood , immigration etc etc
i don &apos;t agree with any of his policies or what he is doing to this country .
sorry mr. mccain this man has it right and you should answer to these charges .
please vote to defund obama care .
defund amnesty by tying it to dhs funding you cowardly traitor ! ! !
i had asked for the impeachment before he was reelected .
it &apos;s why obama has changed the oath of citizenship for immigrants .
mo is straight up and has worked hard to be where he is .
honorable senator mccain , why are you so negative on the vh-71 ?
very good i really believe in you .we are sending to much out of this country now , if we would take care of the people here and our country there would be no person needing anything .
stop sending them off to war .
we need a new speaker of the house , john boehner needs to go .
the traitors in d.c. are not speaking for me , and they must be stopped .
i agree with you and will never vote for someone who doesn &apos;t protect our borders , enforce legal immigration only .
trey gowdy i have the utmost respect for you but this is only about the security of our nation .
he wants to compromise with the congress , then in without taking a breath he will veto anything that goes against what he wants .
flattened , no !
keep on keeping on and hold him accountable for every wrong he has committed .
my wish is john thune for president ! !
no but sansctioned them
impeachable offenses article ii , section 4 of the constitution says , &quot; the president , vice president and all civil officers of the united states , shall be removed from office on impeachment for , and conviction of , treason , bribery , or other high crimes and misdemeanors . &quot;
ya know morgan , im loving you more and more ebery day you sir stand up for rightousness ! ! !
why don &apos;t you go fix obamacare , you pos !
once again , you &apos;ve let the good people of georgia down .
are you saying that paying our federal taxes is optional ?
senator thune .
trey needs to run for president !
since the government would only derive taxes from imports and duty , the borders would finally be secure .
you &apos;re a traitor to the constitution and your state .
i would agree with a close eye of course
we shouldn &apos;t be spending more than we bring in and the solution is not to raise taxes .
i agree , term limits for all senators &amp; representatives , no retirement or healthcare benefits also !
that is what you will be remembered for luke http : / / www.nbcnews.com / politics / first-read / congress-track-be-least-productive-modern-history-n169546 &#91; &#91; share &#93; &#93;
if you have been interested in that crazy wrap thing please go check out my page ! !
uh milene , your boy bush spent far more time on vacation than obama has .
there are too many disincentives to job creation that leaving the tax rate where it is cannot fix it alone .
cathy , you are just another cowardly rino .
i &apos;m a reagan conservative but what you &amp; other &quot; establishment &quot; republicans are doing to trump is shameful &amp; despicable
should be removed from office and stand trial .......
florida will back you up !
i called your office this morning and asked the question to your staffer , &quot; what is sam doing to drive this budget impasse and debt ceiling to a resolution ? &quot;
debt has gone from $ 5t to $ 16t to a projected $ 23t by 2021 under the establishment leadership .
when is congress going to do something to stop the lawlessness ?
so your claim is that a : dhs has not already spent years trying to find and implement the best systems they can , adapting when they have new intelligence , and vetting refugees with the most rigorous methods they can use .
more than nine million americans have signed up for private health insurance or medicaid coverage .
can you undo the vote of the house yesterday to fund obamacare and amnesty ?
when are you going to start impeachment proceedings against obama .
why did she use that government if it wasn &apos;t to hide her emails
thankful for past and present military responsible for my freedom !
http : / / kristivskristi.blogspot.com / 2010 / 10 / kristi-noem-launches-11th-hour.html # comment-form looks like kristi needs to get her act together , she bashed shs for supportin the same stuff kristi noem buddy john thune supports .
what a disappointment you are to society , biggest liar , you are a disagree to arizona
mainly when they &apos;re giing our enemies illegal weapons .
ronald reagan , who is now a celebrated past president and icon of conservatives , justifiably feared impeachment for the iran-contra affair .
conservatives no longer have a viable voice in california .
and flock to that region - hit all the churches and get the word out - that sc is better than jim clyburn ! !
the republican establishment strategy of giving us the worst candidate they think we might vote for has to fail or they won &apos;t stop doing it .
you &apos;re a fraud paul .
as a vet i understand sacrifices , but dont cave on this one , stand fast , dont compromise , stand with the tea party ! !
jerry and his friends have had 7 months to work on this and they do this an blame it on the democrats .
good ole bo administration at it &apos;s finest !
i am glad that i have senator cruz standing up for us .
i beg you to please vote no on cloture .
• the full house ( probably operating under special floor rules set by the house rules committee ) will debate and vote on each article of impeachment .
in his debate with kerry obama said we already had enough pipelines and didn &apos;t need the keystone line .
its time to give obama his walking papers ....
@ gabriel ... so by you saying reagan was / is the enemy of the immigrant .
watch out-----i don &apos;t put it past him to try to become a third term president then next comes king ! !
i am very disappointed in you senator , you have not listened to the people of tennessee .
this should stand alone and not be coattailed on the cr .
i knew you were out there sen paul but i cannot agree with you .
happy new year , and hope that you can straighten out the mess that we are in right now , start first by replacing john boehner as house speaker , then go after the illegal immigrants that obama has stuck us with , they need to go , and go fast .
as well as obamacare .
they sure don &apos;t like being called communists but what is the difference between a communist and a communist supporter ?
john connelly came on tv and denounced cuban ted canadian cruz .
nc has the 3rd highest gas tax in the country .
god forbid we impeach obama , you traitor ...
we should send him there
no , you &apos;re not misguided , dr. gosar .
is there a mr. gowdy in the house ?
what are you and the rest of the republican sell-outs doing to stop obama from flooding our country with jihadists ? ? ? ? ?
i guess i am less republican and more conservative .
we are watching and hope you will do the right thing and represent the interests of kansas children .. vote no on devos for the most obvious reasons .
impeach obama before it &apos;s really to late for us !
cut his lavish vacations out , cut his pay , cut his spending .
you have my support ... to repeal this law , all of it ...
well said mia love , we are proud to have brave souls like you speaking for us who are not often heard enough .
the american people now need to protect ourselves with the powers given to us in the constitution .
you sir are a fool
mia love you helped fund obama &apos;s amnesty and obamacare when you voted to re-elect boehner .
we reached out to your office and asked you to not confirm devos because she is unqualified and lacks even a basic understanding of the key issues facing kids in public schools .
i hope and pray he means it !
i can &apos;t wait till romney beats obama .
i recently kept praying that god would let me know how to tell you ( without judging you ) that i don &apos;t think god will approve of you ignoring all this destruction of lives .
the people will have no problem firing him in 2012 and putting conservatives in charge .
no raising the debt ceiling &quot; live within your means .
paul the people on your feed have a point .
just curious , senator graham , do you agree ?
you the man sir !
nc needs to begin to put a priority on education from the ground up not the top down .
what would trey gowdy do ?
eric holder needs a prison food tray .
he needs to be taken out of office asap .
to stand your ground ... to fight for the constitution ... for all americans rights , the way you did was brilliant.all i can say is we need more &quot; wacko birds &quot; in office representing the american people .
who is merrick garland ?
46 % of all pork barrell spending in the spending bill passed last week was by republicans .
you da man rand , you da man who represents america !
stand firm and try again .
how does failing to raise the debt ceiling help our economy ?
isakson gave a much more thoughtful response to constituents who opposed his vote choices .
everyone should support the fair tax and lets get rid of the irs for good .
rand , i think you are great ! !
i &apos;m leaning toward austin petersen or gary johnson from the libertarian party .
replace it with nothing .
i do a bit more reading than you think !
ummm ... how can one say that the feds have not done their job when more illegals have been sent back by this administration than any before it ?
praying keystone does not pass
the question is , when are you going to doing something about it ?
good for you ted ! !
the demoncrats are being bullied by harry reid and the republicans are not standing firm .
you left out obamas many lies ..... you should bring charges and punishment to the corrupt liars and stop acting like having committees and meetings so that it looks like you are doing something does anything but piss voters off ... do something about it for a change ! ! !
so if that is what you base your &quot; shutting of the government down &quot; on , then yes i suppose we did shut down the government .
the one endorsed by the true constitutionalist rand paul is the one that will win- that would be dr. greg brannon .
bring our tax dollars home !
if you think for one minute 75 % of the republican party is going to sit by and watch you politicians destroy our beloved nation you are sadly mistaken .
fire mccain
if you were a &apos; true &apos; conservative , you should be on this list : https : / / www.facebook.com / photo.php ? fbid = 492201710834356 &amp; set = a.321929927861536.85756.102636119790919 &amp; type = 1 &amp; theater
levin was right about christie cream .
the land grab using imminent domain by a foreign corporation of indian tribal lands and nebraska farm land is just plain wrong in my opinion .
you do tennessee and the rest of the country a great service !
too many rinos in the house !
by the same token conservatives don &apos;t address how to help all the non-insured , people with pre-existing conditions , who actually want / need the help .
bruce , if you need any help with maritime affairs , please keep me in mind .
you made a mistake voting for this bill ... we are conservatives and we are not blind to what really happened here .
he flat out threatened congress that he would act with or without their approval .
worthless bob and gun freaks at it again !
obama care is such a joke the biggest mistake he ever did !
as usual you did not listen to your constituents , but towed the party line .
betsy devos bought your vote .
stop talking about it and impeach .
way to to , tim .
well , i guess it &apos;s up to you and your dad to get us out of this mess .
the same was done for fast &amp; furious .
no skill set , no background in education .
tom , we had an election .
doesn &apos;t the administration know ?
this will be happening in america soon if we dont get this current &quot; regime &quot; out of washington d.c. .... there will be a war on american soil unless oba-mao is impeached ! ! ! !
obama is just getting started .
no mr. h , the president was not forced to overstep his authority .
are you complaining this time , vern , since ( gasp ) a democrat is in ?
marco , we still believe in you and your message !
james , i am sorry to say that i don &apos;t care .
spending got us in this predicament ... spending more will not get us out of it !
praying for you amanda and family
not with the active duty force or with the wounded warriors they deserve our country to stand with them
sen. sasse , i wish you would devote this much energy to explaining why you can &apos;t support hillary clinton .
is it really necessary to mock rubio just because you disagree with him on this ?
justin , i wish you were my district rep , not traitor boehner !
jeb bush he will be a great president
he has did more for america than either party has in a very long time .
vote for scott desjarlais , he &apos;s a great congressman .
lets get government the hell out of our lives and bring back our freedom !
obama should go back to just screwing up one city at a time .
there is mostly men and young men !
i like the way you think sir ! !
states on welfare just like the the people ... what a concept ... the people are on welfare and the state is also .
betsy devos is not right for this position .
if the ruling goes against the administration it will only hurt people in states that didn &apos;t set up their own insurance exchange - you know like the constituents in your state .
the oath of office is not to undermine the constitution .
you know all your republican buddies are gonna support obama ... what &apos;s absurd is the fact that you criticize obama but not the rest of the puppets you work with like your father did !
shame on you sam .
he caved .
clean house from the top to the bottom feeders in the senate and congress except for a few god fearing people in office .
let me ask you , have you done the fiscal responsible thing and proposed a pay cut for yourself and the other elected officials ?
speaker paul ryan must now bring this resolution to the floor- this is urgent and crucial .
let &apos;s put god back in our country !
it is too bad ben sasse does not want the job , he would make a good and sensible candidate and he is from nebraska like me so i would vote for him if he would lead a third party .
senator bob corker - are you even trying to listen to your constituents ?
those of us that understand what &apos;s really going on in america , and are aware of the powers that be , knew you would fail to defund obama care , but it was a good show anyway .
you &apos;re garbage ... pass the zadroga bill you piece of sh * t
johnny that is a great idea !
reid , has too much power .
i actually believe obama wants to be a dictator instead of president .
carter and the others that voted no needs removed .
also it would shrink the irs saving tax dollars .
put our military there
the &quot; explosion is spending &quot; is mostly mandatory spending on healthcare , unemployment , aid to states , food stamps , etc .
sincerely , james
chris christie is being groomed as a &quot; moderate &quot; who will change the corruption of washington .
by repeal it now &apos; twas the night before christmas and all through the house not a creature was stirring , not even a mouse-nor a senator , nor a president .
why is congress worried about medicare and not all these billions that obama is handing out to everyone ?
you are so right there @ mike .... hack the pay of prison guards , coast guard , border patrol , air traffic controllers , the tsunami warning center , caretakers of our national cemetaries .
obama wants to rewrite our constitution .
i so appreciate you and your wisdom as does millions upon millions of your fellow countrymen congresswoman mia love .
the libertarian way is a caring , people-centered approach to politics .
i pray that he will turn us away from wicked ways .
while you were having dinner and socializing , rand paul was doing the work for the american people , something that is very rare these days .
vern wants to make an issue political when the stimulus funds propped up governments all over the country and prevented a huge amount of layoffs .
consumtion tax
they already agreed to the republican lebels of spending in the clean bill as well .
my condolences for the loss of your father scott .
mr. ryan could you please verify the following - islam , by law , is prohibited from u.s. immigration public law 414 , established both the law and the intent of congress regarding the immigration of aliens to the us and remains in effect today .
you must not cave on tillerson ! !
and refugees , not no but hell no !
we the people demand that demands for articles of impeachment for obama and a demand for indictments against hillary and obama be drafted into the final benghazi committee report before july 8 , 2016. enough is enough .
somebody please pinch me ... we agree on something
now then mr. ryan .
we keep you and our country in our prayers !
i think senator paul is the only one in washington not afraid to speak against hillary , got my vote senator paul 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸
are you going to vote for those as well , congressman ?
and while you are at it , promote the unfunding of obamacare .
once a war starts , there is no control , stay out of syria .
demand boehner bring the clean cr to the floor .
: ( thumbs down to you sir .
why should you be disappointed johnny !
this is from a conservative article .
even ryan &apos;s budget increases spending by about 3.2 % , but obama ( who says we do not have a debt problem ) wants 5 % and no balanced budget .
grow a spine and stand up to this man .
for it to be a good new year , please stop the treason that pres obama is committing against freedom of speech and all other actions he is taking or papers he is signing to terrorize america in his last days of office .
aint dat da truth .... rest my case congressman lee zeldin
oh yeah , we know he sent national guard to help the kids from south america , but why ?
vote him out , he &apos;s a traitor
the shutdown was the only way to stop this crazy spending , and then we got sold out by our own .
and yet the outsourcing of jobs backed by conservative interests is good for our country ?
disdain and contempt for fox fabrication news network and the grand ol &apos; geezer party ... the party of stupid .
2017 should be to late
this move actually gives us and the cuban people to rid itself from communism and hopefully a dictatorship .
you voted for john boehner for speaker in january after you promised us when you where running for office that you wouldn &apos;t support him for speaker .
mr. ryan , are you a globalist ?
doesn &apos;t matter who wins , god is still in control !
safe travel sir
then to top it off this year , he will arrogantly promise to use executive orders as his dictator reign continues .
please , do the right thing and fund the zadroga act ... i can &apos;t imagine why you wouldn &apos;t ... save the unborn at all costs , but let our heroes die ?
a sales tax would have everyone contributing .
he needs to go with the rest of these idiots .
abolish the irs and jail the ones that are guilty of wrongdoing
you got it brother !
and may god bless you on your journey o : )
a federal sales tax would be good but it would have to affect business too or there would be loop holes .
thanks congressman franks .
i am a political independent , but i have met senator enzi and he is an honest and honorable man and shouldn &apos;t be insulted in this way .
we finally have a president that is keeping his word to the people that voted him in .
cutting the waste in all the programs should produce enough hidden revenue to pay the bills , but nobody is willing to do it .
trey gowdy , watch another one of b. hussaine o &apos;s agenda which will definitely bring us down if not stopped ! ! ! !
stop giving away our tax dollars to anone .
this government is out of control and is headed in the same direction as a communist country .
i &apos;m so glad as a conservative i dont have to listen to such nonsense from my fellow patriots .
my prayers will be offered .
it &apos;s time the conservatives and libertarians form a grand new party .
you should rethink your recent opinion that amnesty and citizenship for illegals is to be any part of any legislation .
obama , i will stop listening !
thanks but your still a rino .
for the libs that got 4 more years of king obama , we &apos;ll see what you say when obama is done taking this country to the ground .
love mia love ...
anyway pres obama simply honored gw &apos;s deadline after negotiations with iraq broke down .
yes we have taken our freedoms for granted to the point that everything is politically correct .
it &apos;s sad that the republican party has become the party of can &apos;t and won &apos;t .
what a huge card in the conservative deck that is now missing .
do not rubber stamp the confirmation of mrs. devos .
please vote no on the budget deal and yes for ryan .
good luck from new york dr. paul .
a ho is a ho is a ho !
we do not support reauthorization and i will not vote for you again .
there are undocumented families that will not get any help because of &quot; status &quot; fight for the people coffman .
but that money gets put right into government pockets , because why should anything make sense , especially in tax and immigration law ?
the problem is that we spend like we have a credit card with no limit and never stop to think of how it will be paid off .
hit that nail right on its head rand !
we want establishment out !
tim scott is a great guy , so sorry for the loss of his grandfather
i wanted to thank my senator , senator rubio for signing the letter that opposed the un convention on the rights of persons with disabilities during this lame-duck session .
, i hope that at some point every american has the opportunity to ask themselves some very simple questions that has answers that a not valid if answered in any other form other than yes or no .
no more government indoctrination
donate to the mitch mcconnell election fund now !
i am not sure how he has not been impeached with all the end runs he has done .
sounds great , sir !
god you must think we are stupid out here .
senator , talk to glenn beck and be 1 of 56 re founders !
sen. mccain , have you done lost your ever-lovin &apos; mind ?
yes , if they would take a pay cut , instead of giving state employees cuts and revoking their retirement , we just might pay off the debt !
we need term limits because you and mccain need to go home .
unlike you , voting to fund unconstitutional amnesty .
- florida and ohio on same ticket .
abolish the irs and start the fairtax .
do something sam .
it might have something to do with your mccarthyesque insinuation that american drones were going to rain down on american citizens in the u.s. which of course is absolute nonsense .
but , what do you care y &apos;all get an exemption while us common folk suffer through obama care .
the tax returns would have been a great start and since you failed on that , then please get on board with senate pressure to investigate further ties and flynns resignation circumstances .
yes , he was crude and said terrible things but he never compromised the security of our country !
i wish my idaho senators would have had the back bone to stand there with you !
no more &quot; special investigations &quot; that go nowhere , accomplish nothing , but spend our tax dollars .
sally did what you men are afraid of .
you either stop obama from brining in more muslims , illegal aliens and refugess or you find a new job .. ! !
you lost out , shows a rino voting for a rino
people bashed bush going into iraq : he had 30 countries backing him , nato backed him .
keep mcconnell in the senate kentucky
worry about florida and america .
seriously .... this can &apos;t be the words of lindsey graham ... i would think football would be the last thing on his mind !
not surprised , just keep up the good work sir !
oh geeze this is so stupid its moronic .. shelby get your brain back on the us disability for us residents .. just plain stupid .. you make the usa look like idiots in the rest of the world as the treaty is for other countries .. not us .. geeze you have been listening to the moon at night
ask that he consider the fair tax concept .
by the way , both idaho senators voted against this bill .
you are a good woman , mia !
thats why oboma called the constitution a flawed document
do your job we elected you to do , stop giving in to obama , who cares about the stinking threats of closing down government .
spoken like a truly unworthy democrat .. little lindsey , sit down and be quiet .
congress is all talk and no action .
slow down .... immigration reform must not be passed in the same secretive , rushed , and frenzied manner as obamacare .
just another day in obama land
sir-- i &apos;m an sc voter , i feel fed up with lengthy congressional investigations and grandstanding public hearings .
rand , you need to flip that smear campaign on con &apos;dway about the aqua-bootie .
thats called amnesty .
no bailouts ? ! ?
mccain should be president instead of that bum .
good for you mr. tillis .
i would love to see a breakdown on how many people are buying insurance and how many have joined the ranks of mainecare because of obamacare .
epa cut by 50 % .
it has to be no !
however , i don &apos;t think trey gowdy would want the job because he &apos;s head of the benghazi committee .
where was this statement several months ago ?
ps , why don &apos;t u get back to the basics of what makes a constitutional republic great , , , , , hint , , , , it starts with serving the public &apos;s best interests , , , , , not your own !
well you &apos;re as bad as barack obama , eric holder , and john mccain .
totally support this johnny !
it &apos;s ridiculous they break the constitution with impunity
if rewarding cuba economically would help it end the revolution it would have happened years ago since europe , canada venezuela and i assume china have been investing billions of dollars in cuba for many many years and the only cubans who have benefited are the ruling class .
you up for a live town hall yet ?
quit bickering and do something about it .
you turned your back on this country and now your telling us to vote to bail you out.a little to late for that .
why would he start listening now ?
tom , wife and i have all ready voted for you .
if you are not part of the solution in washington , you are the problem .
you are the one who voted with harry for cloture .
the republicans should hold a press conference and announce that they have tried over 40 times to stop obama care .
the house and senate are gop controlled , and more far left than potus ever dreamed .
lindsay needs to go with obama
i hope that it is true that tennessee voters do as most of you say in your comments .
wacko because you believe in the principles this country was founded on ? ? ?
i think my biggest frustration is the gop is ignoring the true majority of their party .
senator graham , you and senator mccain are a disgrace .
our whole country needs to support this church our country is being destroyed by a bunch of sick trouble makers we need to stand together as gods people no matter what color you are and say we will not let people like this stand between us
in fact , i would prefer the government stay out of our lives as much as possible .
no sending back to public school because of discipline , learning , or social problems .
11 months ... you can conceive and birth a baby in less time , and it was fine for reagan to do it .
remember republican with out party you 0000 for god
last i checked , tennessee is part of the united states and rights are not to be voted upon .
too bad you supported mitt romney and john mccain for president who would have done exactly the same thing .
no way , they will use it against us .
godspeed , mr mccain
i have to assume that the president does not care what the american people think or want .
repeal it when you can
where did you get your vast numbers tim .
i think the legal immigration needs to be looked at also
i &apos;m with fairtax supporters for huckabee 2016 !
totally agree with paul ryan
you will have more likes than you can shake a stick at .
no &quot; right to vote &quot; will ever fix dc .
according to his staff the filed criminal complaint was forwarded to utah attorney general &apos;s office .
tom please do something .
she hates the military and would try to destroy it , while pres .
praying for you to help lead the nation in the right direction .
it &apos;s a beautiful day here in sc .
we in georgia see you and your black heart , and we will not forget .
ovommit put them in winchester and franklin tennessee .
when you look at obama &apos;s mug , replace it with lenin .
the practice , fox reported , &quot; raises questions about why the department is putting private information in the hands of third parties without providing oversight as to how the data is actually being used by the buyer . &quot;
wyoming thanks you , our country thanks you and i appreciate you .
i like to see paul ryan what you pay for health ins .
start the impeachment process then
gooo rubio , tho !
hagan just doesn &apos;t get it does she ?
sorry tom , but you are misguided on this one !
james , i really believe you are anointed and called of god to hold your position in the political field .
i really believe it &apos;s past time to put term limits on our politicians !
better late than ever
if it only be one prayer , then i pray .
we should send them to leavenworth and let them have all the luxuries that the american prisoners have , like tax-payer funded sex-changes like the one the traitor bradley manning had done .
we need a cleansing to bring back our freedoms and prosperity .
i just heard on wbbm am that he &apos;s used executive orders less than any president since grover cleveland .
give us rubio .
i &apos;m devastated for all parents in georgia who have been writing you in hopes that you will listen on this issue .
we &apos;ll said mike .
no to raising the debt ceiling .
this president should appoint the next justice ( like reagan did at the end of his term ) and you should not obstruct .
well , don &apos;t worry youngsters , the grey-haired brigade is here , and in 2014 we are going to take back our nation .
thanks tom and julie .
reconsider your vote for devos senator .
hey tom , i guess your forgetting when king george and tthe republicans controled everything .. you know going to war , bankrupting the country .. spying on americans .. stuff like that .open yours eyes .. oops sorry d
obama cut it down .
spineless politicians continue to support babykilling
great move ted .
congressman bob goodlatte .
nothing is wrong with barry ; he knows exactly what he is doing .
this is not conservative and not how the free market should work .
seriously tim .
less spending and lower taxes will the country growing again
so you spent , spent , spent ! ! ! !
this is outrageous that bho and his administration have gotten away with this .
a patriot .
i &apos;m pointing out info , you are taking shots at the gop &amp; republicans &amp; mccain .
he &apos;s a traitor to conservative values and he must go ! !
this proves obama and the democrats created and armned our enemies thereby committing treason .
i sent money to your campaign because you represented yourself as a conservative .
some of us aren &apos;t communist pieces of socialist shit ...
please , just passed a continuing resolution till after january then let the people that we just voted in cut out all of the pork and earmarks just like we voted them to do ! ! !
you and especially john kazich and the whiney three bushes brothers gave obama and opening to use against donald trump .
mia you are one who is looking out for us an you love this country .
not that anyone from james lankford office will actually read this ..... i used to be a supporter .... but now it is time for new leadership i will not vote for an incumbent in the next election year ..... period .
i pray for a revival in america , starting at the white house ; i pray it &apos;s not too late for us .
please help america john mccain
if if is gone then it is because someone took it and need to replace it now .
no bueno .
you have no idea how much harm repealing the aca will cause .
cloture seems to me to be in favor of obamacare
a un treaty is not binding on us even if it &apos;s ratified by the senate .
what and how do we have to do to get him impeached ?
mccain you make good french fries yummy , hows sarah palin doing there up in alaska keep an eye on that valcano girl
how about kansas city ?
too bad presidents bush and obama were too weak to take over oil production in iraq
this is contrary to all the information about devos .
impeach the muslim terrorist .
now it &apos;s on american soil if isis can be believed .
pretty sure you will give in to obama like you have been the past few years .
i &apos;m very disappointed in your vote today for devos .
congress waits til the last minute to do everything , scaring the american people and the markets .
you are absolutely right , james .
so impeach him already ! !
we should have done it long ago and we should definitely work toward that goal now !
the park service are kicking people out of yosemite national park you closed yosemite , you are terrorizing people taliban tom mcclintock .
then i guess i like &quot; wacko birds ! &quot;
people with pre-existing conditions cannot get health insurance .
if he won &apos;t do it , i think we should host a town hall meeting on behalf of rep. sessions &apos; constituents next week during the recess .
you never stood up to obama .
downgraded is no better than degraded , sir .
if you were honest , you &apos;d just admit you voted the republican offering because , god forbid , you would stand up and do what it right .
where in the constitution does it say congress is supposed to act like a bunch of spoiled children and just throw tantrums when a law is passed that a minority does not like ?
jason - good points except fracking ( topic offline ) ... steve - how do you know todd isn &apos;t being a good conservative ( preservation of existing social institutions ) and that cruz is a conservative .... cruz is more of a liberal ( classical sense ) , if he wants change for the good !
take a stand to balance the budget .
same irs that will demand citizens to answer personal questions and prove they are following obamanation care debacle ! ! !
don &apos;t rewrite the tax code , get rid of it and the irs--sign up as a supporter to hr 25 the fair tax bill .
obama is demonizing couples making over $ 250,000 .
let &apos;s see senator mccain voting to overturn this
the only bathrooms the federal government should have any control over is the ones in federal government facilities .
but we definitely need to look at what we are handing over to egypt .
my question mr lankford is , &quot; what will you do about this ? &quot;
if every life matters , why defund planned parenthood , repeal the aca , gut medicaid , turn refugees away , start wars , cut school funding , take away regulations for clean air and water ?
saving reagan is on the military channel
luck people living in a conservative utopia compared to ca .
now john mccain wants to displace them again .
i am imploring you to impeach obama now !
god bless and keep texas strong ! !
if i went to china and pillaged a bunch , i wouldn &apos;t bring it back and pay obama 35 % .
and i am still unclear on the unconstitutional argument ... if states don &apos;t step up and handle this problem doesn &apos;t the necessary and proper clause give the federal government the authority to address it ?
the real american patriots have had enough of the bs coming out of dc .
rand paul all the way ! ! ! !
do you really want to let obama do this on his authority ?
any strong constitutional conservative !
hope he follows the constitution .
i agree with so many other americans , just get rid of the patriot act altogether .
paul the bottom half pay no income taxes .
and you have no vote for his replacement
as we work for you in congress , our first job is to listen to you on the direction america should take .
you are an inspiration , dr .
i totally agree j sam miller .
michael , i do not believe it does enough to curb military spending .
and you ignore the overseas investments by obama and public unions , as well as the fact that mitt romney has never been in a job related to passing federal tax laws and codes .
would have felt so much more confident with you as our leader , mr. mccain .
hey rubio , stop crying &amp; support the peoples choice .
potus .. now we have a first rate cell available for you at gitmo
retool the irs to audit government programs and end the federal reserve
no money until border gets secure
next it goes to the senate for a vote and then on to president obama .
betsy devos is in no way qualified .
i wish you would have been our president mr. mccain , your tenure would have included bold action the entire time and we wouldn &apos;t be in the mess we &apos;re in now with fools having elected obama .
it seems he will never stop hating this nation for the freedoms we have .
the atheist ayn rand or the poor loving jesus christ ?
he did it because he likes to hurt the american people , all the people , because he can .
please reconsider your support for devos and vote &quot; no &quot; .
say good bye to our rights under the constitution .
marco , you are an idiot if you don &apos;t think we the people don &apos;t know the truth about mandela .
amen to that thought , tom !
congress needs to stop worrying about campaign funding and start doing what is best for americans and then publicize it on cheaper broader media outlets .
benghazi and tax fraud by the irs .
i do t like this mess , but it &apos;s all on obamas watch .
i hate to say it , but it might be that the irs perceives that &quot; tea party &quot; people / groups generally wish to pay no taxes , and therefore might be justified in looking more carefully at their tax returns .
that the freedom applies to all not just one group .
it is past time to impeach obama and get rid of obamacare !
forever , silencing many ancient christian sects .
hope its not all too little too late mr. ryan !
anyone that doesn &apos;t care where her meat comes from shouldn &apos;t talk about health care , marsha .
i would have to say this is one of many bad deals or choices this administration has and continues to make .
... just being an american who agrees with the constitution and bill of rights ..... hmmm .
the border is no more secure now than it was 27 years ago , even though the 1986 law promised border security .
let &apos;s hold the house accountable for the spending
doj is out of control and needs to be shut down cleaned out and brought back to law .
vern buchanan totals : 993,976.07
well said rand paul
obama says go forward then we will talk ..... don &apos;t believe it !
i &apos;ve been praying with pastor saeed &apos;s wife for his release .
rand , stand you ground for us !
as long as the two castro brothers are alive , nothing will change for the cuban people ..
sen crapp has done enough against our constitutional liberties to justify stepping down after this term .
very sorry for your loss , ms. blackburn .
thank senator tim scott for protecting the unborn .
need support : delia lopez ( a ron paul republican ) republican nominee , 3rd district oregon , has 44 % of the vote and is near to toppling the long standing democrat encumbant .
ellen lambert , rand did not vote yes to that !
contrary to what mr. franks said , i suspect people are quickly outgrowing his beliefs ( and their bizarre priorities ) , but i figure most of the people who share them are misguided , not malicious .
i am a tn republican with children in tn public schools .
i agree with you , rep. lou
congress holds the purse .
do your job mitch , pass the 9 / 11 responders bill now ! ! ! !
i hope you know we demand you gop keep your word !
folks - if you disapprove of representative martha roby &apos;s voting record , she is challenged by a true conservative named becky gerritson next year .
trey gowdy &apos;s been my # 1 choice for a long time ... allen west would be fabulous .
rand thinks like obama .
i love the sound of martha roby too .... keep up the good work
2016 president paul
jennifer : apple computer &apos;s effective tax rate is less than 10 % .
say hi to hagan for me .
so proud you represent us tim scott
nothing close to &quot; tens of thousands of american jobs &quot; as stated by tim scott .
but the fact is , conservatives never approved of the debt growth under bush , especially when the dem congress of 2007-8 exploded the debt level , and bush apparently lost his veto pen .
what are you and the republican majority going to do about it ?
this plan : absolutely not !
they should just resign so we can purify the party and see who is really on our side , and who hates america .
congrats again bruce , hope to see yo soon at a kennebec county republican committee meeting .
go mia shake the bushes and make these people accountable
devos is unqualified and incompetent .
levin didn &apos;t &quot; trash &quot; ron paul as some of you here are stating , he disagreed with ron paul on certain ideas .
no of course not .
i just love the constitution .
good luck mr. tillis
mccain obviously did not read the executive order .
mccain is an rino who long ago failed to defend and uphold the constitution .
devos does not come close to qualifying for this position .
do not stray from it , you may because you are for romney , rather than your own father .
i &apos;d like to see all that have voted for their gain &amp; against our conservative views stand out side of capitol hill with a sign reading &quot; i am a liar , thief &amp; traitor &quot; .
mia no love for equal protection under the law .
well then james langford , get busy starting some impeachment movements against him .
very disappointed you endorsed marco rubio .
i am a teacher and am ashamed you and lankford represent oklahoma .
the &apos; blame game &apos; continues ... average americans are held to the laws of this nation , but our leaders &amp; even illegals are above the law ... sickening .
your republican party is ruining our country just to make sure our president can &apos;t do anything to help our economy and jobs , its despicable and you should be ashamed
tell your buddy john mccain , not to vote for this traitor .
don &apos;t sell the us out but yet again to big oil mike crapo .
elise , please stay focused on the north country issues and dump trump !
i &apos;m sure there were more honorable men than mccain who never made it home from vietnamese prison camps ... is it too late to trade ?
that the message i get mia love
prayers keep fighting trey !
if the gop expects to do anything in 2016 they better start listening to the people !
will the trump administration please listen to senators such as lindsey graham and john mccain in the future and please work with professionals before coming up with these hair-brained schemes designed to stoke fear ?
wasn &apos;t the sequester which was obama and jack lew &apos;s idea , written up by carl levin ( d ) approved by reid , and agreed too by john mccain just another set up by the democrats to foil republicans ?
these past 7 years obama has gotten away with things that should not have happened .
elise , you are suppose to be our area voice , it`s time that you start voicing what we the tax payers , put you in there for .
does anyone in our goverment care ?
obama is too uppity for your taste .
i also believe snowden did a good thing by letting the world yes the world no how dishonest the nsa has been .
i so do not agree , sir !
please stand firm for our freedoms in washington .
this is never going to stop all government does is take and take
stop this unconstitutional assault on america by refusing to fund executive amnesty and by making it clear to this president that the rule of law still exists in these united states .
lets eliminate welfare and put the poor in soup kitchens and flop houses !
then give our country a good tax plan without all the extras .
we need a 3rd party ! !
i strongly hope you reconsider this support for someone so clearly unqualified and wrong for this position .
tell me sir how are you going to look into your children &apos;s eyes and tell them that we are leaving them in trillions of debt , that we are weaker as a country , that with hillary &apos;s supreme court picks our constitution will be forever altered .
for the lord loves justice ; he will not forsake his saints .
maybe it is better if she is not on the job voting for all of that paul ryan / ayn rand nonsense .
arming groups of people and insisting they need our support during one time and in one region then selling them as our enemy at another time or in another region does not help the credibility of your cause .
hey , gary monson , who wrote the budget that reagan signed in 1981 ?
don &apos;t replace it .
border security should be enforced before we legalize the illegals .
charlie dent you need to stand up to these idiots that are ruining the gop .
repeal obamacare and leave it to the free market !
rand , about time to raise hell with boehner who is a wossy .
maybe we should close the border until we get answers .
you guys in congress better start taking him to task for the insane , illegal moves he is making .
glad this isn &apos;t about the kids best interests ... please reconsider .
because he doesn &apos;t know what &apos;s in the bill anymore than obama does .
there is a immigration reform bill that the senate passed 3 yrs age n sitting on congress desk .
same old tired junk he &apos;s been serving up for 5 years now .
isakson is only bested in sitting on the fence by his departing &quot; colleague &quot; saxby chambliss .
the hell with you paul ryan ! !
do what the founding fathers did-work and compromise-they had 4 months to get their part done before handing it over to the states
impeach hem lindsey graham , keep working on it please .
no more taxes , no more wasteful spending , fix ahca , approve the keystone pipeline , and stop the partisan politics ! ! !
at least our kentucky representative got it right .
impeachment is in order
mitch for sure
dream team ... trump / cruz 2016
i would like the congress and senate to stand up and do what they were elected to do .
is this grounds for impeachment ?
this is the most massively unqualified nominee in history .
it is unconstitutional and john roberts should be impeached and replaced with a judge that can read !
it is a simple question and i think an obvious question .
send mia to washington ! !
republicans now stand for nothing
you have to stand your ground and force a conference between the house and the senate .
don &apos;t stop now with debt ceiling , benghazi and guns and furious .
many thanks for at least one lawmaker in sc with good sense .
lindsey , says he uses principled compromise .
bring our troops home and we will have better defense against this crap at home !
both sides are our enemy !
when , exactly , do you establishment republicans plan on actually doing what we , the people want you to do instead of what big business wants - they only fill pockets , we actually have the stupidity to vote for you thinking you might just finally get the message .
good luck mia i &apos;m confident for you !
you tell them rand
tim , please read your mail , or at least have your staff pay attention to your constituents .
&quot; absurd &quot; would be to consider raising the debt ceiling when we &apos;re broke !
we &apos;re tired of you voting your views , and not listening to your constituents .
if you vote for this congressman , you will be creating more government .
oklahomans can see that he &apos;s taking this country as close to communism as he can before he is hopefully voted out of office .
i would not raise the debt ceiling .
mr. obama bellows it in every speech .
keep fighting for us , mr. gowdy !
be outspoken and condemn what obama &apos;s regime is doing and quit getting on social media with it .
this man has no regard for the american people , becaausr he is not qan american
congresman , the only reason i know about you is because of mike church .
wyoming has an amazing and high quality public school system .
in 2012 , house republicans tried to cut benefits while privatizing healthcare .
nothing is being done to close the borders and obama is allowing them to come in and take over ! ! ! !
i &apos;m sure he will love it shutting the government down ! !
this first vote is a sham and the provision to defund obamacare will likely be pulled out .
i thought trey was against corruption in washington and i had high hopes for him – well he just blew it for most of american patriots who want to take america back from the corruption of the liberals and the establishment .
the supreme court has over-stepped it &apos;s authority and has become lawmaker .
they also knew the president would veto it .
this may be obama &apos;s straw that does us in .
my sources are telling me rand paul voted &quot; yes &quot; on the ndaa like everyone else this year .
john , the military spending is just not a large part of the budget .
now why don &apos;t you hold their feet over the fire on spending ?
i am for safe guards that will keep congress form simply raising the tax or going around it .
is anybody ever going to push for elimination if individual income tax and look at a federal sales tax so that all of these illegals ( who typically get paid in cash ) help us get this deficit under control ?
if you do then i do not believe you have the best interest of georgia in your thoughts .
no chris christie -- marco rubio for sure !
so silly vern .
dhs is unconstitutional anyway .
you do not represent the people of this country let alone the 7th district of tn .
he would have come up with the healthcare called obamacare .
praying for mercy for our country from the lord .
how can we celebrate when we have the enemy in the white house and the cowardly congress who is afraid to impeach and jail him for high crimes and misdemeanors ?
obamacare is expected to cut that number down to 10 % - 12 % and i like that .
liberty meetings .
congratulations from jones creek texas
plus obamacare needs to be repealed .
people who purchase on line do pay tax to the vendors they buy from .
i think that this president has given the obstructionists in the house and senate enough time to do what it right .
johnny and the other senators need to get back in touch with the american people .
the party has become democrat lite and i am hoping conservatives like mr. rubio can turn it around .
mccain rambling about rand ... on cnn ... wtf is he talking about ?
i agree , trey would lead our country as it should be !
dont hesitate to take on the establishment when you know you are right .
you may think you have nothing to hide but do you really want some 3rd party examining a conversation you have with a relative or a doctor about a medical condition ?
the congressman doesn &apos;t favor amnesty or a pathway to citizenship for people who willingly came to this country illegally .
mitch is not working towards or helping increase coal mining jobs .
&amp; now , look @ mccain &amp; graham showing their truest republocrat rino colors ... ( 2 dipshiz exposing themselves again )
it took oklahoma sound guys years to figure out how to help us understand that low voice of yours at events , that was just mean !
don &apos;t let the rino &apos;s bully you into pc submission .
go to ted cruz or trey gowdy , and tell them you &apos;re ready to come in .
good idea only walmart put them all out of business , so congress votes more big tax cuts for billionaires
emily hurts her own campaign just by the d after her name .
why did u quit running ?
i &apos;d like to encourage the good people of north carolina to schedule a hemorrhoid-ectomy to remove lindsey graham from that sensitive area of the tar heel state .
nixon did watergate and was going to be impeached !
i am sorry senator mccain but name calling isnt a conservative attrbute ... you old timers could have and should have done this months ago over numerous subjects put before the floor .... shame on you and others for letting things get this far ...
be open minded to people like fiorina , rubio and kasich
an astonishing act of obstruction for senate republicans to deny a hearing on a presidential nominee to succeed justice antonin scalia .
that oligarchy that runs this nation is above all that .
stay locked down and get this government funded now .
take your purist conservatism and shove it , trump is the most conservative candidate we have had since goldwater .
our freedom
break party lines and have a backbone for what is right !
definitely no ! !
end the income tax , instead go to a national sales tax , that way , everyone would pay and the workers would not be punished for working .
he wants to do as much damage to the american way of life as he can before he is out .
as long as mr. obama doesn &apos;t create new laws he has every right to take executive action it &apos;s not the president that &apos;s making trouble for this country it &apos;s the congress which is conservative lead i might add
vote rand paul !
everybody is talking about cutting spending , but nobody is talking about the economic impact on a recovery that is about to turn into a double-dip recession .
paul wants to save are constitution and mccain / graham want to destroy it
no americans at this point have been killed by the syrian government .
he is the man we must elect as our next president of these united states of america ! ! !
he is going to do whatever keeps israel safe .
unfortunately the obama zombies don &apos;t have brains .
after the pep rally are y &apos;all gonna go get pizza and lollipops together ?
paul ryan was thinking about the future , and future elections .
so what are you going to do about it mr. lankford ?
praying for our leaders to get this resolved and put our country back on the right track .
when are they going to get rid of him .
t saw where the republicon tea partiers ( your people blackburn ) have spent millions of dollars trying to tie up the phone banks where people are trying to get thru to the govt / health care site .
with half of american &apos;s paying no taxes i would like to see a flat tax so people could understand what paying taxes feels like .
he needs to be impeached for so many things , but most of all for being a lawless president , only enforcing the laws he wants to and ignoring the ones he doesn &apos;t .
stand firm against this disaster tyranny = obamacare
praying for our christian to stand for christ !
you to sir god bless you and your family
coming from the guy who voted yes to let a bunch of &quot; illegal &quot; key word being illegal , get amnesty .
john amen ! ! !
it is too simple for them to understand mr. gowdy .
now it &apos;s your turn bruce ... no new gas tax , and no internet take overs !
we &apos;re going to go to war and you &apos;re playing poker during the hearing .
maybe he should have talked more about how to reduce out of control spending .
impeach obama .. get a new start for america .. please !
rand don &apos;t forget all the children and families murdered in his drone attack foreign policy .
of course obamacare won &apos;t work ... we &apos;ve been saying that for years now .
listen to kurt gowdy
time to relegate the gop to third party status , replaced by the conservative party .
it starts by voting out senators and congressmen that have been in there too long .
little late to the party
this is why i like and support mia love !
shame on you for voting for the supremely unqualified betsy devos .
i hear the congressman is now deleting comments that he considers outside his mainstream message .
fixing things like the budget would be a whole lot easier if common sense ruled the day .
thanks to obama and his ilk .
i voted for trump to get rid of the spineless politicians that have left our country weak and vulnerable on the global stage .
you make me proud to say i am from sc .
you need to impeach the idiot an let &apos;s send in the marines
they same to you sir !
and for those who say donald is not a conservative , you need to read his book .
you are right on the money lee ! ! !
john mccain - if the viagra dosnt help still you dont have to bomb syria you dick ! ! !
i hope mia love is our first female president !
james , it was great to finally get to meet you tonite @ the choctaw town hall meeting .
i like churchill &apos;s comment but don &apos;t know what that has to do with mia love ?
then we can raise the debt ceiling only the amount it &apos;ll take to get us through till october 1 and not a penny more .
israel could turn our nation upside down but we have to have trust in them and we must make them trust us .
obama , is an evil man .
not everyone demonized sec devos and so in the same vein try not to write off her critics by focusing on the extremes which can be found in both parties .
stop raising the debt ceiling and playing us as fools with your bba stance .
georgia voters ask your self what has johnny done .
why does obama and the media think we are not smart enough to figure they are lying ?
why hasn &apos;t congress done something about obama ?
i can say that devos does not empower parents !
thanks for nothing , mr. ryan .
our country needs statesmen to take a stand and declare what is best for america .
this is by design to usher in one world un policies that include replacing our constitution .
if you continue to tax everything the only ones that will have money in the end is the government .
hopefully those aren &apos;t christian prayers you &apos;re praying .
you are a rino and no better than obama .
mia , you have it so right .
republicans caved in , pure and simple
lindsey shares more in common with bush than hillary does with obama .
i say again why they didn &apos;t get with their counterparts and ask the ones to block it if they felt the debt ceiling didn &apos;t mean anything .
maybe you don &apos;t read these , mr. lankford , but i hope you do every now and then .
this senator is 1 of the few reasons i would miss georgia .
i was disappointed when i saw rand quoted as saying all the usual pro-israel , can do no wrong , has the right to defend itself ( by killing 10 + for every one they lose ? ) .
bring home the troops and let them protect the border
please , mr. gowdy , i hope you continue to pursue the truth and hold the people who are responsible accountable .
but she will get it right next time and vote against boehner .
lee zeldin loves led zeppelin !
senator corker - you have lost my vote !
i am so sick of obama and his cronies and their deceit .
a vote for cloture is a vote for obamacare , while you are at it , tell the senate finance committee to vote yes on s1497 - no exemptiion for washington from obamacare .
and look what our government has done to a true american .
i am so disappointed in the republican party !
tell obama to let the border patrol do their job .
the president is sending his plan to congress because today was the deadline that congress gave him to submit a plan to congress .
a cr bill should be just that ... a cr bill .
bush sr said no new taxes , all we got was more war .
two trillion dollars have already been cut from the federal budget vs. $ 680 billion in new tax hikes .
good luck mr rubio .
so , osama bin laden &apos;s son in law is being transported to the u.s. to stand trial for .... &quot; conspiracy to kill americans &quot; would somebody ask rand if he ever reads the news ? ?
reagan once said that he believed that the heart and soul of conservatism is libertarianism .
i like mia love , good luck from washington
ted cruz is correct .
the last time i called the governor &apos;s office and politely and calmy asked for help , not only was my mother contacted but , the fbi went to her job having the hr call her and then they talked to her .
i know johnny , you can`t handle that word bipartisan .
i hope he stays away from the us .
carly for me .............. woman and so smart ! ! ! ! ! !
reid needs to be fired ! ! ! !
sad thing is this list could go on forever ... many people use reagan in comparison to trump .. so wrong !
stick to ron paul &apos;s message
with all due respect , mr. latta , you and your party do * not * honor the legacy of dr. king .
the republican warmongers wanted to send troops , so why not impeach mccain and lindsey graham .
this problem was brought about by the epa rules our country .
get him rand !
president obama has no such power .
rush is a idiot but he is a rich idiot
if he had gone on his own the gop would &apos;ve said he was grand standing or trying to play politics .
senator , it appears that you have not accomplished what you were sent to dc to do .
i actually just got done reading the law and it is quite similar to the one passed in oklahoma .
i am very disappointed that you can not see that she is not qualified for this position .
this corruption goes back to watergate with her but for all these years she emerges scott free .
i have a few questions for mr. upton .
not trump not bush not carson not kasich not christie start eliminatng these too many to look at
run with ryan in 2016 ! !
mr crapo .
why are we not impeaching this president ?
the dc circuit court of appeals upheld the authority in coalition for responsible regulation vs epa , and the supreme court declined to hear the case , so as of now , the epa has the authority and is required to regulate greenhouse gases .
we all worry about our 2nd amendment being taken away , lets worry about all the rights the patriot act has taken away and nobody seems to care about them .
the only foundation of a free constitution is pure virtue . &quot;
i think the real question is why can &apos;t the republicans win more seats .
and still , the debt piles up
good for you for standing your ground and doing what god would want you to do .
numerous violations of the constitution and his oath of office demand he be removed from his self proclaimed throne ... what does it take before congress takes real constitutional action to overthrow the &quot; king &quot; ?
lets see how much you do about it mitch .
intelligent cool headed real south dakotan vs. double talking dc politician = no contest !
but vern voted no on bailing out the big three late last year .
we the american people expect alot more from our elected officials .
your time is coming marco rubio ! !
if that means arresting and impeaching obama , even though is remaining term his short ; so be it .
i am still a big fan of yours , mia love !
the surveillance abuse of this administration is just compounded by all the other actions , but let that distract from the fact bush implemented a fair amount of these programs .
great interview on fox and friends this morning !
he needs to get the hell out of our country !
now that we have a republican president he &apos;s now out spoken ?
he is tearing apart our constitution , our government , and our country !
in an economy as depressed as ours is right now , additional spending will increase gdp and improve the long term deficit situation , regardless of whether it is paid for by taxing , borrowing , or printing money .
keep up the good work imus and thanks for your support senator mccain .
for all the years i &apos;ve been a georgia voter , i &apos;ve never once cast a ballot for you , but going forward , i will be doing more to talk to my neighbors about why : you don &apos;t represent our needs and interests .
perhaps , richard , the president is still the president because there is a lot of hype without substance .
carney also pointed out that the private sector has added 8.1 million jobs since obamacare .
&quot; rand paul fights lindsey graham the crazy bastard dinosaur , warns gop &apos; you &apos;re next ! &apos;
what about all the blacks who fought for their confederate states , this flag is also a memorial to all the men who died defending their states .
i feel you are using the fiscal cliff as a scare tactic to bully us into taking your unlimited debt ceiling .
its time for a new sc senator ! ! ! !
we should stop supporting saudi arabia period .
good riddance to senator nelson who betrayed not only nebraskans but every conservative in the entire country with his 60th vote to pass the monstrosity known as obamacare .
marco rubio i would think that you have the country on your mind more than your state .
stop the president &apos;s frivolous spending plan !
cruz and rubio are one of the same ..... don &apos;t like either of them .... kascik is my choice but i fear he won &apos;t make it .
you are a traitor congressman
what is conservative about being a deadbeat nation ?
i can &apos;t stand obama and my confidence in you has declined and is still declining .
mccain and obama is on the same team ! ! ! !
marsha , do you know what discretionary spending is yet ?
if not , you are not qualified to assert any opinion regarding liberalism .
at first i thought another bush , maybe , then i thought dr. ben carson would be great .
since this a copy of the conservative bill proposed in 1993 most of the conservatives that are now against it are bandwagon politicians .
we should live moral lives , embracing christ and the principles he taught us .
next time talk to rep. trey gowdy first .
don &apos;t be afraid to stand up to the president and his closest advisors .
just hoping o bummer won &apos;t veto it .
you &apos;re a disgrace , cornyn .
if you can then you should be screaming for the congresswoman &apos;s head for not starting impeachment proceedings .
pass a clean cr bill you terrorist ...
was obama qualified to be president of the usa ?
we need take all your pay away for allowing constitution to be broken .
happy thanksgiving trey gowdy and to yours .
a report claimed that an unnamed israeli minister who has good ties with the us administration revealed the attack plan to secretary of state john kerry , and that obama then threatened to shoot down the israeli jets before they could reach their targets in iran .
take lindsey graham with you .
if the flat tax was say 10 % , the poor guy makes $ 10 then he pays $ 1 in taxes , the rich guy who makes $ 1000 would pay $ 100 .
couldn &apos;t you have had this fight over the tsa instead ?
i &apos;m a proud southerner and although i &apos;ve only called sc home for 9 years , i love it here .
i worked on more ranch fence being destroyed by illegal aliens .
haven &apos;t heard anything from south carolina people in washington about the tpp agreement .
john mccain , man up and just say no !
quit standing with them and do something .
if not good enough congress why do we want it .
can we get holder on this ? ?
liberty is an abjectness !
hey marco , i believe it would help the gop if you could get beohner to exchange immigration reform for no tax rate increases .
cutting spending would likely not even drop the deficit to a balanced budget .
secure the borders first !
it gets worse ; the obama administration actually offers illegal alien gang members amnesty .
the media has not been reporting on the turmoil in egypt at all .
i am sick and tired of the establishment gop trying to tell me who i should support or not support .
i already know that i will not vote for anyone but newt as the gop nominee or unless another real conservative like sarah steps up .
i am conservative but when i registered , i wasn &apos;t affilliated with any party .
i completely agree that government spending needs to be reigned in .
hold the line on the debt limit .
the establishment republicans don &apos;t know what republicanism is anymore .
plan b ending a pregnancy before it begins , or a child being brought to the world and then starving to death ?
keep trying to stop the insanity congresswoman ... there are no jubilee &apos;s on debt anymore , that is unless you are greece ... socialism sucks
well that &apos;s disappointing .
yeahhhh sure wish i would have been smart enough to vote for this guy just not that smart i guess .
please reconsider your choice .
trey is my choice for justice of supreme court .
the time is right to question the continued shunning of our founding document .
sadder yet , is that the patriot has literally not stopped even one attack .
if they do not stand with you rand it is only because they are &quot; prostituing &quot; right along with the dictator obama .
come on johnny , do what we put you there to do , listen to us .
what does rhino mean ? ? ?
we need to boycot the mainstream media until they decide to cover all the scandalious activities and back our hard working true american polititians ! !
what debt ceiling plan ?
once again lindsey graham is talking from the wrong orifice ... bush 41 signed the a / s weapons ban ... bush 43 decided not to .
plus , you have done nothing to stop obama &apos;s socialist takeover of this once great country .
obama has set the agenda .
this nation will be judged with the almighty god !
how about praying for the constitution ...
has been even before it started , that is why the irs has it and it still doesn &apos;t work .......
when the big fire hit yellowstone they forest came back better than before which is why the forest service changed their outlook from prevention to containment .
god bless you , mia love .
congressman erik paulsen you should look to justin amash for advice .
carly did good in the first one ....
you &apos;re a idiot , tim .
good interview mr scott !
nahhh .. they aren &apos;t going to listen anyway .
prayers for the hall family
give them a hearing &amp; send them home .
senator scott , please fight this !
our leaders need to quit being blind to obama &apos;s agenda .
target = zero debt , can not do it with increasing spending
playing poker while you simultaneously vote to endanger the lives of your soldier constituents and harm their families is downright disrespectful .
speaker ryan , i wish you had placed your full support behind our nominee a little sooner , if hillary wins today , the american people will hold you at least partially accountable .
we would probably clear out all the birds in south dakota .
god bless america we chose wisely .
i never would have guessed that ..
tom , i think you have been addressing republican crowds or writing phony crap .
what are all the other hired hands doing about it , mr mcclintock ?
notice sam graves puts out facebook posts like this but never responds ?
god bless you lindsey graham
better yet obama now agreed to export us natural gas !
i like john thune if he ran for president i would probably vote for him .
we gave republicans the senate and the house but they are too lily livered to put him out .
and god is allowing him to do what he wants to do .
you joined your leader / paul ryan just another turn coat republican there was 92 republicans you voted against you should not have .
i hope you are the next speaker !
please support and take action on hr 2366. this can limit it to just online poker .
i continually pray for our country because i dont know what our children are going to be left dealing with .
obama has turned american dream into nightmares
you are an american hero rand paul unlike john mcclain who is american looser who should have married jane fonda .
i mean paul ryan ... not my dog .
god bless mr. crawford .
great attitude mr. ryan .
i spoke to the fbi and they said they would talk to them , but it hasn &apos;t stopped .
reagan least fav current chump in charge pos
it all seems counter-intuitive i know , but economists tell us that government should cut spending in good times , never in bad .
question is what are we gonna do about it .
with all the billions obama squandered with green companies like solyndra , which went bankrupt by the way , we could replace some bridges .
he was a deserter and o knew he was and released 5 terrorist to save a traitor .
rand our political watch dog ! ! !
aca should not be coupled with passing a cr and opening the government .
ask rand paul a simple question , after the japanese attacks on hawaii in 1941 , would he have voted as a senator to go to war with germany ?
fistfight : john mccain and stephen speilberg- who would win ?
make up your mind sam .
he has never been a champion of conservative principles .
i think he knows the dictatorship needs to change if cuba is to survive .
well america : your do nothing congress has passed a do nothing budget , and has sent it on to our do nothing president to sign .
let &apos;s face it , neither republican or democrat politicians want to close the borders .
the guy needs to take a course on how to speak .
i just moved here from florida .
love you mia keep up the great fight
consider the source rand .
senator mccain , please have the courage our country needs right now to right this wrong .
i think you would disagree , as would i. please reconsider sir .
they are probably giving him something in return .
which successful terrorists , pray tell , have come from the mexico why is illegal immigration such an issue right now ?
i agree with a republican !
we cannot keep letting him ignore the constitution ! !
no accountability typical federal b / s
all these years later that choice has made history , as mr. gowdy helps to protect this amazing country .
the house needs to stand firm on the payroll tax cut .
as a registered tn voter this will be your last term if you persist on putting party before country .
but good for mr. paul .
yet flat tax us at 10 percent period .
impeachment on what grounds ?
oh , come on , mr. speaker .
it only gives our enemy more reasons to attack us .
mr. gowdy , you have given the appearances of being so very upset because obama is allowing terrorists into america , however you sir have endorsed marco rubio as the next potus .
tonight , obama promised payment , &quot; ... tuesday for a hamburger today &quot; ( creation of jobs that we have no way of paying for other than raising taxes in the future or cutting back on our deficit repayment , either way , returning us to this crisis ) .
no to cloture or no to another one of my supporting votes .
i have moved to north carolina and am working to defeat kay hagen , but i will continue to follow your good work and support your campaign .
shouldn &apos;t we do something about it ?
you are supposed to represent tennessee and it &apos;s children .
we are a joke to russia , china , iran , north korea , and any country that hates us !
make a law that when ever the allow the sale or give away military equipment that 10 % has to be made available to american citizens for collectors
everytime ron paul is on , he agrees with everything he says !
the one candidate who is a true peacemaker ( like yourself ) is dr. ben carson .
it sounds like we lost this battle , but the war to rid america of socialism is still on .
listen to your constituents , bob .
bho assured / promised us that costs would go down if we passed his plan .
i &apos;m tired of hearing the excuses , it &apos;s time to use the power of the purse and turn this thing around .
wish they would arrest obummer and his wife his cabinet , eric holder and harry reid and all his other crooked cronies ! ! ! !
they start calling republican &apos;s names , the republicans run off crying !
what a bunch of losers , go ahead and vote for gary whoever he is and you will be living in an america that totally collapses ..... just as obama has been planning all along .
2014 can &apos;t come soon enough for many of us conservative voters to vote you out .
you so called christians remember what jesus commanded us to do .
it was a great speach and he &apos;s a great speaker !
mine is no mo wars ... feed our kids ... fix our backyards ... fix the debt now not two years later or two more years ... quit spending u.s. into this mess ... and so on ...
senator graham has had his faults , but to try to stand up for a wrong from terrorists is admirable !
well , $ 100 a plate fund raiser was held , it &apos;s a matter of public knowledge , so how many dirty lickers came to eat with marsha then ?
like most everything else , the government has messed it all up .
i love you rubio and i hope one day someone is introducing you !
it shames me that the old guard like senator mccain cannot see to support you , the people and the constitution .
god bless you for the work you are doing for our country .
i certainly hope you are no longer the speaker .
i lost power for a few days , due to the tornado and storms in oklahoma city &amp; moore .
mrs. devos lacks the experience and understanding necessary to lead this department .
america needs 534 more like you , lee .
do what cruz said and go through obamas list of horribles and send one bill at a time all day funding each of those things obama mentioned would lose funding but don &apos;t fund the part of the government that spies on the american people .
i join u in commending sen paul , and i commend u as well ...
and casey goof , if mia is looking to obama for words of leadership and unity , what makes you think she would be any better of a leader ?
for those in the new 9th , tom needs martha for congress to join him to continue the good fight !
senator you will not serve another term with views like this !
congress ought to push to hold our rogue potus to account .
mr. hayes i don &apos;t seem to remember reagan or even fdr blaming the crappier economy they inherited on their predecessors .
start impeachment proceedings please .
the &quot; republicans &quot; sent out 10 + / - &quot; establishment approved &quot; candidates ( carson and fiorina are outsiders , cruz and huckabee are conservatives who the party actually hates ) and they all got their rear ends kicked by trump .
so , mr ryan , you think grabbing women by the genitals just &quot; boys being boys ?
remember , mo is tea party , they don &apos;t like government or people who work for the government
if bp refused to do so , i bet rand paul would be criticizing bp for not paying for the oil spill .
: obamacare is not just a mess , it is a disaster that is just beginning to transform our country into a socialist state run by baboons .
sen graham , i won &apos;t throw any insults .
perhaps a miracle will occur in this thread and senator rand paul will actually interact with the people who have shared , liked , and have responded to this thread ?
no devos - she is not qualified.time to find a new senator from tennessee .
besides , where in the constitution does it mention jobs ?
rand can be supported in other ways from outside the state .
time for god and god bless america to come back .
a vote yes for devos is a slap in the face to ga students .
obama just seems to be telling us what romney is going to do or not do ( and is usually wrong ) then romney tells him he is wrong .
you are so absolutely wrong ! !
no filing tax returns .
you lied , that you are not going to run for senate when you couldn &apos;t even win in the florida primary .
thank god for the stand taken by ted cruz &amp; mike lee .
god bless america and god bless ron paul !
he got schooled by ron paul
just the washington game and senator thune is a dc &apos;ver like the rest if them .
you can &apos;t buy enough votes to elect a socialist without borrowing .
can you and vitter re-introduce doing away with obama phones .
pat , please tell us what this bill would have done versus say enforce the existing law we already have on the books .
for 7 years congress and the senate has allowed obama to trample our constitution and our country .
marco rubio was my guy .
so i have to wonder is the gover \ nor going to send his chihuhua tyson to close down the heinous breach of the alabama law .
in fact , devos is open about her support of pay-for-play , once stating that &quot; i have decided to stop taking offense at the suggestion that we are buying influence .
put gowdy in charge remove boehner ...... we need someone with testicular fortitude !
there is enough fertilizer in washington , d.c. for a nuke blast
excellent news that harry reid agree to hold a separte vote in the senate on defunding obamacare and defunding of planned parenthood .
boehner is a fool , time will tell but i think it was a big mistake keeping him as speaker .
impeach now , before millions more come to our once great nation .
your awsome rand ! !
lisa , that will not happen and there is nothing in the bill to date that ever instructs any action by the irs or anyone else should someone not pay the fine .
online poker = jobs , tax revenue and personal freedom .. please support hr2366
will you help enforce immigration laws , and deport the illegals , so the florida citizens can get their jobs back ?
impeach this traitor and the people will stand with you ... ! !
you didn &apos;t call his bluff ; you wrote a stupid bill and the president denied it in accorcdance with his oath of office .
congratulaions james way to go
trey run for president now ... our country needs your leadership !
shut the government down ! !
the only one who follows through on his promise to uphold his oath of office is ron paul .
guess obama believes that since he &apos;s planning on taxing those in the $ 250,000 + income bracket , the reps in dc who fall in this category need a pay increase to cover the tax increase .
obey him because he is god
we need to get d.c. out of it !
congressman lankford , i support your point of view and your vote .
an obama lap dog--you trashed the confederate flag was part of history you moron
happy easter and god bless you and your family ...
trey you are one that i trust and respect .
all recent presidents have admitted to smoking cannabis , and george washington grew this crop .
he is using our own troops against us &amp; arming the enemy ... has been since he took office !
thanks tim , you are always a loving voice for our community .. proud of you ... a fellow seacoaster and charlestonian ... ruth mooneyham
this proves that republicans will drop all of their beliefs at the drop of a hat if obama supports them .
where will the nations debt be in ten years under the ryan budget ?
the senate or congress can write and pass the budget without the pres get your butt to work
as for tom , he is obviously a chuck pergason supporter .
our prayers are with you , dr. paul , and every other true patriot in d.c. that is having to endure this aural gauntlet .
states are rquired to call for fed help during catastrophies , but the feds are only here for national defense , but due to entitlements people expect more
rand , punch john mccain in the nose please : )
i read this week about tsa folks in wichita screaming at and terrorizing a three year old for hugging her grandmother who had been pulled aside for a pat down .
half of your party even acknowledges that a government shutdown only hurts republicans in the eyes of the voters .
shouldn &apos;t be too surprised a georgia senator would be in favor of a discriminatory and unconstitutional executive order ... shawn robert cuninathan linkouslia kramersarah levineadam footezach rivers
i have been praying for him and his family since i heard early this am ...
marsha american people looking for big change next year !
then why did you vote for the omnibus bill !
no experience in public education ?
i will be surprised if you keep your position as speaker .
he should be impeached right now .
i spent a year doing wc cases in okc , and i worked in the oklahoma house this year when wc reform passed .
there is no reason that south dakota should be by-passed by high speed or higher speed rail .
so when is he going to be impeached and made to answer for the crimes against our country he has been committing ?
- by my math i get a 5 % rise in income tax rates coming soon , in all 7 tax brackets , to balance the deficit alone ... ... it gets worse the longer we wait .
re reagan .
james lankford you &apos;re an awesome guy !
they should let the american people know that they are willing to let go of their scared cow ; now it &apos;s time for obama to man up and accept his own spending cuts , which are smaller than the defense cuts .
without first becoming educated in our true republic system of government , the constitution , and american history one has no valid opinion !
only white conservatives can pull the christ card ?
we would allow god to be the author of our son &apos;s life .
carter begot ragan obama begot paul
the people in va are praying for the people in az .
i think mr. romney is unraveling at the seams .
the plain fact is that if obama did away with these programs , and we were attacked again as on 9 / 11 , you all would be blaming obama for not keeping us safe and being &quot; soft on national security &quot; , and you know that this is true !
uh mia what about all the hard working americans that are benefiting from obamacare ?
you guys must have thought we were talking about a budget .
did you give up on defunding it ?
he shows no ability to work for the conservative base in dc or do what it takes as speaker gingrich did back in 94-96 to force spending reductions and reform .
he has now lost my vote .
u sir have done a great job ! !
ms. cain is all fluff and no stuff .
we can overturn a veto .
you sir are just like the repubtards .
it doesn &apos;t ensure the fence will ever be built , or that 20k more border agents will be hired .
when are you and our impotent congress going to do something about it ?
of course he went to virgina and north carolina to fob his plans the week before .
teryima adi you &apos;re exactly right barry is trying to &quot; control &quot; things and he has neither the right or authority to enforce the kind of control he really wants to inflict .
tom , you forgot to add another aspect of &quot; democratic leadership &quot; in the offing , with their support of the further encroachment of un agenda 21 , which is coming to your &quot; region &quot; , california .
obamacare is one of the worst things that has ever been enforced .
zadroga act - you high and mighty senators will do anything for big old wall street and lobbyists and the koch brothers , but nothing for our first line defenders of 9 / 11 ?
i am a failure i resign
while you waste time - the rest of the world is progressing on infrastructure , we have no jobs and the gop keeps cutting taxes for corporations ; we are going down the tubes .
the problem is those stupid democrats don`t have the guts to stand up to obama
rep. wenstrup - quit complaining and do something constructive to make the federal gov &apos;t better .
do not agree that devos , a person w no experience in public education , is qualified .
well thanks to obama care i lost my health insurence bc i lost my job !
senator paul , congratulations !
you have lost my respect , sir .
when are you having a town hall so we can talk about your anti-choice stance ?
now , james lankford , please please for the sake of the american people suffering because of this law , see to it that when obama vetoes this bill , you find the votes to override the veto ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i guess the founding fathers were wacko birds too .
conservatives are the true rinos ; loyal to country , not party ; acting on their beliefs , not on orders from washington ; faith in god , no government .
with obamas dictatorship and cuban communism .
you were elected as a fiscal conservative - to protect our tax money , bloated budget , as government spending .
by the way , $ 161k in total family debt is not all that outrageous if one combines a mortgage and cr card debt .
out of touch , tom tillis .
the reason he is , is because he isn &apos;t a conservative and doesn &apos;t understand the first this about conservatism .
no need to wear the hood now you piece of crap .
can we do nothing tom ?
didn &apos;t rubio say he wasn &apos;t going to run for his senate seat ?
if you are confused , remember what neil bortz advised : always default to freedom
senator mccain i agree with you on this .
you , mr. mcconnell , haven &apos;t served us nearly as well .
mr gowdy it was a pleasure protecting you when you came to the central valley of california .
i pray that more of our elected representatives will recognize the duty they have to our nation and the truth .
senator isakson , support and stand with cruz and lee !
# 2. i do not blame the illegals for trying to have a better way of life .
the good lord is in full control .
tim , your comments are well stated .
get back yee satan ... all of you in dc
when are the repb &apos;s going to stand up to that jerk and say &quot; no more &quot; .
you better do something about obama &apos;s race database collecting this constitutional overreach is bigger than the nsa
releasing the enemy from gitmo .
how about something for maine &apos;s paper industry bruce we are being destroyed by foreign competition from europe , asia and canada level the playing field
obama resign .
talk about repealling at least most of the patriot act , ending the iraq war , be critical of the federal reserve , and wasteful government departments like the department of education ... talk about real change .
we the people do not want oboma care !
paul ryan , james comey , and mitch mcconnell knew russia was illegally trying to influence our election .
rand let &apos;s get the impeachment started on obama now as we the people will back you on this
lindsay i hope you stay in office for a long time , you are a representative of america first , the state of south carolina second , and the republican party third .
he had a constitutional fire storm and handled it well .
i see brad lee you are not very educated on ethanol thay are taking away the subsidy and i wish thay would take away the subsidy on big oil ethanol cleans up the crap regular gas leaves behind
no apology is necessary and i think that you do know that cruz was talking about the candidates and the poor campaigns , not the moral merits of the men in question .
i wanted to support tom but he looks like another mccain or boozman in the making .
to talk about cuba in regards to the muslim ban is like chocolate and vanilla .
scott desjarlais is it true that military has been cut down to 2 meals a day ?
matt was responding to a comment cindy made that included paul ryan .
there &apos;s a reason anal-ist is spelled the way it is lindsey .
however , our congress is filled with spineless sniveling weenies .... full of hot air !
the irs scandal , along with all the other scandals our president learns about from &quot; reading the news &quot; .
the rino republicans want this albatross for the control of you it gives them , ( exempting themselves of course ) .
and sen. mitch mcconnell , whose main goal was to find anyway possible to destroy obama &apos;s presidency and make him a one-term president .
someone that has no business with this property wants it .
you &apos;re a little late to the party mr .
there is a way thur article 5 of the constitution .
you are a traitor to georgia and the military , i guess you &apos;ll have to get out of politics now because you just lost all you votes .
as a primary care doctor , i &apos;d really prefer you offer an alternative to obamacare prior to repealing it .
obama will never stand up for anyone except his fellow moslems .
betsy devos isn &apos;t the answer to help the public school system .
how &apos;s bout obama and his whole cabnet ... work for free and get on welfare themselves , stand in the long lines , spend hours waiting to see they &apos;re ( if they r lucky ) , caseworker , ... and see how they like it ? ?
since 9 / 11 / 2001 all of the american people have had to go through extreme vetting at all american airports just to fly from point a to point b anywhere in our country .
carly
my question is why nothing is being done to stop it .
why have we not started impeachment of this traitor ?
cut the defence budget in half now !
sue pardi muslims are exempt from obama care also .
is the epa a non american jobs loving communists group ? ? ?
best of luck rand .
shame on you ted !
oh that &apos;s right you just want your base to re-elect you so talking impeachment fills that bill .
sir , please vote no for cloture !
justice scalia was a strict constitutionalist and will be missed by many conservatives and non-conservatives .
2016 , sir .
the confederate battle flag ( despite its name ) was not a flag that confederate troops fought under .
will the law breakers like holder and possibly obama be held accountable if the there is a change in the presidency .
any official who disagrees needs to be voted out of office obama needs to be impeached &amp; then maybe can get our country straightened out &amp; all our officials straightened out .
he should have stood firm and voted &quot; no &quot; on the debt deal .
i guess some of them may have read the constitution .
there is no way i would pull reid out of a burning car .
well where does the bill say that our taxes and premiums will go down with this ?
lord knows you are trying your best .
i thought carson , cruz an d rubio shone .
i &apos;ve had enough of all of the ultra conservative republicans and the leftist democrats .
sir , cars are not mentioned in the constitution .
praying for you as you serve us ! ! !
no backbone here , just a far-right republican lying to his constituents and siding with the nihilist faction of the gop .
in two years , the gop will nominate yet another moderate , probably jeb bush , and nothing will change .
i am in the 2 / 3rds that want this administration gone .
so sorry james !
common core is a states initiative that is not funded by the federal govt .
he is going to talk in circles until your time with him is up .
that &apos;s fine lee .
not only no , but he &apos;ll no !
yes ... a flat tax would be nice !
hat &apos;s of to our military our president was just worried about his next vacation plan &apos;s
- dwight eisenhower ) rand paul , you should say that to the folk that are the victims of rape and violent assaults in prison .
mccain should have died in the hilton hotel .
a lot of patriots have you back brother
and if i were a florida resident i would vote for you in the senate .
pass the zadroga act now # worstresponders
nikki haley called monday for the removal of the confederate flag from the statehouse grounds .
obama doesn &apos;t care , sequester is all about hurting the people who pay the freight !
pray for truth to prevail !
look at this administration bob it is 10x &apos;s worse then nixon and watergate
for crying out loud , what does someone have to do to get impeached in this country ? ! ?
has it ever happened while drones are spying on the american people ?
this administration doesn &apos;t tell any truths -- impeachment should be first priority !
sorry mr. paul .
the spending has got to stop .
before he totally destroys our country !
hypocrite - first responders should get all the support we can give them &amp; the 9 / 11 responders shouldn &apos;t even have to ask for renewal of their healthcare .
well done trey and god bless you !
beautiful message from you senator rubio -- i know you are a future president .
stay strong mia love
time for you to retire along with the other rino
the real question is when is congress going to put a stop to this ?
yet more proof that conservatives care about you , until you &apos;re actually born ... after that , you &apos;re on your own , you freeloading piece of crap infant .
if you still haven &apos;t impeached obama ; you &apos;re still not doing your job .
kill the internet tax
tom , you have this one right !
states that by the end of the next 4 years the national debt is likely to be more then 22.5 trillion .
obama has increased our national debt by more than 6 trillion .
what was the reason for not allowing it to return to committee , thus not amending the bill ?
how about following sc lead http : / / gopthedailydose.com / 2013 / 05 / 02 / obamacare-null-and-void / &#91; &#91; share &#93; &#93;
god bless you , scott .
vote to repeal , it looks like more government red tape and bureaucracy .
we are praying for you as you stand for freedom .
there is no god .
quit bitching and do something about it
and you , sir , are part of the problem in washington .
agree , stand your ground , james .
we the people should have better , from our gov .
i want to see your statement on blocking obama &apos;s supreme court nomination .
health care and education costs will continue to go up as now the government mandate will flood the insurance companies will boatloads of money .
first off i have meet bruce many times as he visits aroostook county , but have yet to see emily cain , i have seen bruse work hard for veterans , the elderly and jobs in maine .
impeach him , then try him for treason , and subversion
secured -yeah , gop is helpless to act on immigration reform until borders are secured .
@ barry jenkins- oh no--the biggest bunch of idiots are not in washington , they have a great career and retirement coverage .
lets bring our soldiers home and allow them to defend us for a change .
support senator cruz and show the american people that the senate can be courageous , rather than cave to the democrats and the republicans who are afraid of the elitists !
thad the dirtbag ..... supports obama the lying scumbag
betsy devos is not qualified to serve our nation as secretary of education .
but in the end , the american people need actions , not words .
i admire trey and he really made my day ..
... same question to senator scott .
then have speaker b conduct a vote on a clean cr .
hey lindsey , why don &apos;t you shut up and let the president do his job ! ! !
why can &apos;t we be involved in the world without providing economic aid to half of it .
he always insisted while selling it based on the commerce clause ( which was ruled unconstitutional today ) that it was not a tax .
you have my support , sir .
let &apos;s see how bad all the rino &apos;s and conservatives try to destroy each other .
yes but obama want &apos;s to spend without limit until we go broke and he may still wanna borrow , course if we go bankrupt he &apos;ll blame the gop
vote no on this monster of an amnesty bill .
i &apos;m praying you will be our attorney general next year ! ! ! !
politico came out this week and noted that the mitt romney anti-trump crowd had , as i predicted , tried to recruit sasse in a third-party candidate run to block trump and split the republican vote ( and ultimately give the election in november to clinton ) .
3 jury notices - 1 trial as foreman , 1 as alternate juror and 1 not required due to case settling late .
you are a great person and a wonderful senator for wyoming mr. enzi !
a little late paul , don &apos;t you think ? ? ? ?
wait , o does not have to follow the law .
used to like rubio until he admitted his support for more of this mindless flood of immigration .
seems much of that foriegn soil is in the states carried in by illegals crossing the border .
enzi doesn &apos;t care .
it &apos;s pretty clear that for the establishment republican party , beating the democrat is job 2. beating the conservative is job 1. thanks for doing your part in making this crystal clear .
barock hussain obama has just punked congress again he has no respect for anybody but his inner circle .
flat tax rate is the only way to simplify and the most fair tax system , no deductions and no loopholes
you should be fighting to continue the shutdown until the president decides to stop being a dictator .
what good is voting for a republican majority in the house and hoping for the senate if the speaker doesn &apos;t get the message out and fight back ?
bz sir !
he served the presidential administrations of gerald ford , jimmy carter , ronald reagan and george h.w.
make it happen rand paul .
it wasn &apos;t the republican party .
take obama to court over the misuse of executive power .
the us constitution already allows for voting rights , find something else to waste our tax dollars on .
it is time for them to be held accountable for waste in government .
congressman buchanan , please do what the founding fathers of this great nation would have done and fight against this intrusive legislation .
no taxation without representation !
im getting kinda sour on obama to be honest ( im left ) , but if you conservatives would nominate a real candidate ( romney ?
the gop house needs to force obama to open up drilling here .
please know that in revealing yourself as a partisan rather than a principled patriot has lost that respect .
paul you are fired ! ! !
its time to stand and fight for our rights , not cave into the liberal agenda to disarm its people .
congressman , vote no and listen to the voice of your district .
trey gowdy , wishing you a blessed and happy easter !
be a patriot and protect our nation from foreign interference and the ability to put the president of their choice in office .
come on ted cruz !
repeal obamacare , audit the fed , repeal section of ndaa that authorizes indefinite detention of us citizens .
if you are wrong admit your mistakes and even apologize for them if an apology is necessary .
no budget no pay for congress
if any of you don &apos;t vote for donald j. trump , and listening to ben sasse , you will be voting for hillary clinton .
mia love ... i would love to see you on the ticket with donald trump .
boehner decided to take the whole country down by picking this moment to stubbornly fight a law passed by both houses of government already ... risking our economy in the process .
we need for you to stand firm .
it is illegal and unconstitutional , i don &apos;t care how a judge was blackmailed into allowing it to pass as a tax !
start with repealing obamacare .
there will never be another reagan .
it is absolutely horrifying that you would choose to support this incompetent and unqualified nominee .
carly nailed it !
i can call marsha an idiot and not be sexist in doing so until i call her a &quot; stupid broad &quot; .
mr. palazzo i agree .
&quot; colin powell , interestingly enough , said that obama got us out of iraq , &quot; mccain told the national review .
count on mccain to be the first traitor out of the gate .
get rid of earned income tax due to young people having children just for the tax refund !
have they ever held anyone accountable for anything ?
i hear about it alot from my conservative friends .
yes he is such an honorable man and king in the 5th republican district of kentucky and let &apos;s not forget this .
your stance makes me excited about midterm elections , when your constituents have the opportunity to exercise the moral authority you clearly lack by voting you out of office .
reagan was very clear that the problem we have is big government .
even if mccain / palin were in office , and the paul ryan budget had passed , we would still have to raise the debt ceiling .
agencies such as the irs and epa and programs such as obamacare demonstrate that the framers &apos; fear was prescient .
president obama is an excellent speaker and i believe that he will work hard to bring oppositional parties to unite with the rest of the country .
it is clear that he has an agenda for this country that does not take into account the wants and desires of the people .
stop the government shutdown and bring a clean continuing resolution to the floor for a vote ! !
things work so much better when obama refuses to meet with congressional gops and simply issues executive orders to get what he wants .
no war without abiding by the constitution .
gop cannot win appealing only to narrow base concerned with the irs , abortion , epa , etc .
vote no for cloture
we &apos;re wasting our money on these illegals while those who give us the freedom we have gets treated like crap .. bus them up n send them to the white house n polosi house ... let them take care of them with their own money ...
neither does the fact that we are funding the enemies of israel !
you have been hanging with the judge too much ! !
the b &amp; m stores think the shipping costs plus the tax could make them more competitive .
we need these rinos out &amp; put in tea party like paul &amp; cruz &amp; scott .
you did not get rid of obamacare which supposedly you are so against .
based on all that you &apos;ve said in the past , i expect nothing less than for you to oppose the cloture and to defund 0bamacare .
the debt payment account for about 10 % of current revenues .
obama is bypassing the laws of the land .
bush was a fiscal liberal , and the policies of the obama administration mirror his .
please do not let the castros continue their atrocities against the cuban people with us complicity now !
thank yo so much rand !
obama can &apos;t raise taxes when the house and senate majority are republican !
eric holder sent paul rand a letter ... answering &quot; no &quot; the potus cannot target americans sitting in a coffee shop .
lindsey who ?
seal the border like we do south korea !
they should be challenging this administration at every turn for all the unconstitutional acts committed .
hopefully , it is not too late !
obamacare has got to go .. how could that have been passed ?
marco i think your children and my children and grandchildren deserve better ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
if i was to do my job as he does his i would have already been fired !
marsha is for america .
try and get your co senator form ky to vote with you ...... i &apos;ve called him .
prayers are going up god bless
i was very impressed with mr. rubio &apos;s explanation of the bill yesterday on the chamber &apos;s floor .
tell them they need to stand firm against king o .
support senator cruz in his fight to defend our liberty .
i &apos;m with team mitch here in se kentucky !
betsy devos is a completely unqualified candidate for sec ed .
also agree with charles above ..... time to enforce the laws of the land and stop giving &quot; amnesty &quot; to the government bureaucrats .
eliminate the irs however it must be done so if it must be the fair tax then so be it
will be praying for your wisdom , confidence in the lord , strength and courage .
and if he tries to overstep congress , will you push for impeachment ?
given that not one administration or congress has done anything to enforce the existing laws indicates there is no intention by government to secure our borders .
i do like the provision that you cannot be denied coverage with a pre-existing condition .
you did great on wamu today sir !
so what are you and your republican peers elected in dc going to do about it ?
so lamborn , quit touting the patriot rhetoric .
obama doesn &apos;t want kill his friends
look at the scientific pole data and you will see that the majority of americans want obama care repealed .
i am so sorry for your lose will be praying for you and you family god will take care of her
darrel , i hope you can be the next speaker .
i totally agree that we should never being sending any kind of aid to egypt ! !
trey gowdy doid not want to do this .
keep pushing on rand paul .
of course he will &apos; say &apos; what obama wants to hear .
we &apos;re with you marco .
american soldier turned constitutional traitor !
the democrats have the senate and the presidency and at one time controlled all three during this administration ... bill after bill has been sent to the senate and harry reid will not let them see the light of day ... so just who is obstructing ? ? ?
praying for a miracle for your little one !
you and trey gowdy can get to the bottom of everything .
senator mccain , you need to listen to your people .
major spending cuts !
shame on you lankford you give the university of texas a bad rap .
i can think of no better way to undermine our national security than to attack our public schools , which is exactly what betsy devos wants to do .
conservatives teach people what it took to be free .
we therefore do not need a federal government either .
what about the presidents who arm our enemies , while trying to disarm us ? ? ?
i agree , he should stay in washington and work but i don &apos;t think he knows how !
repealing the aca without a new and better plan is not in the best interest of americans .
why run as a republican and then vote with the progressive socialists harry reid and the democrats !
say yes to legals in this country but no to illegals in the amnesty bill ... please ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
senator graham , you stripped away our right to a trial .
keep fighting sir we will !
betsy devos is totally unqualified to head the department of education .
boehner is just pelosi in a suit and your vote for the obama-backed budget .
we have been running a deficit both financially and morally rand paul .
i dont believe that obama is the antichrist but he sure is laying the ground work , so maybe he is the forerunner , that is possible .
you ned to run from washington john you are nothing but a ush boy .
we all need to remember that it was the republicans that caused the government shutdown all so they can discredit the affordable care act at all costs !
signed , a lifelong republican who is tired of this mess
lynn shue for county commissioner cabarrus county .
if you think he &apos;s saying that he will stand with sen. cruz and the republicans , read again .
did you teach him about what small government and increased liberty actually means ?
i am proud of our military veterans and i can &apos;t thank them enough for protecting me and this country , the land that i love !
semper fi to you , keep s.c. strong !
thank-you mr sasse for bringing this up .
of course i agree
obama &apos;s people calling it a day of reason , i guess cause they have no reason to pray .
so &quot; o &quot; can veto it ..
ms. francis , have you been in wyoming long or just here because our taxes are not as bad as calfornia ?
this guy went toe to toe with nixon and is scared * * * * * * * * by the obama administration ! ! !
hell yes , from charloote , nc to greenville / spartanburg , sc .
please don &apos;t choose paul ryan .
just hope things change in 2014 for s.c.
don &apos;t get sucked in to the washington , d.c. way .
good we do not need to send any more of our armed force to foreign lands , let syria work it out .
i &apos;ve already called your office , mr. moran , but i &apos;ll say it again .
@ kathleen kasul ... do you ever listen to the full story before you blast a congressman that &apos;s not only doing what he should be doing , but going a step further and letting everyone know what congress is up to ?
not expecting you , an establishment rino , to do what &apos;s right , but had to ask anyway .
mitch is sellout
say no to common core and the selling out of america &apos;s school children .
keep doing what you do , rand !
let &apos;s start the rubio 2016 campaign ! !
we do not need government in control of one-fifth of the economy .
the tide is turning .. they were able to get away with calling dr. ron paul a wacko ... no more he has set the seed .
if our congress could stand firm on no tax increases , the government would have to cut spending .
yes - vote boehner out !
you have had over sixty attempts to repeal it , and nearly eight years to come up with a plan that works better , and you have nothing .
reagan spent and taxed to get us out of our recession back in the day .
i &apos;m all for lindsey and he will do and say the right thing .
stop sending aid to countries that wish us harm .
we should all mail this to obama .
just get us back to the constitution and let the individuals work it out .
the president is now saying the any attack will be short and limit in scope .
there are numerous representatives even within the republican party who are fed up with the extreme partisanship and ideologues who are bringing this country to its knees ! !
reid has not done it yet and will not again .
re : scotus scare : why not gather your fellow republicans and pass legislation eliminating the &quot; taxes &quot; , fees , &amp; &quot; penalties &quot; in obama care ?
lmao you truly are pathetic , rand paul .... congrats !
better late than never , but worried about your job instead of the party !
so do something about it tom , you control the house .
are you unaware that you have violated your oath of office to uphold the constitution you now vote to infringe upon ?
if you so-called conservatives don &apos;t support him , you will get hillary clinton and another 4 years of the second-verse , same as the first after o &apos;bummer .
america has had enough of rubio !
i wasn &apos;t sure when we were supposed to put them back out again .
same to you rep. buchanan
didn &apos;t think he was emancipated , just torn the chains off and headed west .
very well said marco !
i &apos;m real sick of this president and his arrogant misrepresentation of our constitution and laws and how he says he has to do things because republicans won &apos;t &apos; do their job &apos; and agree with him .
.... and doing nothing about it shows there is no spine left to our elected representatives
senator thune , you are proof that the cnn poll is correct .
there &apos;s not a budget surplus in site , and you cheering on like a real default is never going to happen as we ... no obama plows through 17 trillon in debt which is going to destroy this country one day .
senator tom coburn m.d.
romney , mccain , kasich , the bushes and you have sold us out .
you did a good job of presenting it with your limited time .
yes get rid of this idiot ! ! !
so what are you doing about it ... saying we do not have the vote ... take the vote and see who does not ... priority : normal date : thursday , september 19 , 2013 1 : 22 am size : 6 kb lets impeach or indict any us congressman or senator who does not follow the law ... immediately .
it is rino hunting season and marco rubio is holding the weapon .
while graham is eating dinner with obama real representatives like rand paul are filibustering for our rights .
senator thune , did you not see the long list of your constituents saying please do not vote for cloture because that was a vote for obamacare ?
obama smells blood , and if there is weakness on the conservative side , blood bath to come .
the republican party is so far gone , i don &apos;t think there is any coming back .
rand paul you need to get on this bundy ranch thing and now
i agree with greg smith ! ! !
praying for you ..........
&quot; reasonable effort to limit the impact &quot; assumes the government is reasonable !
christie is just one of the temps from rent-a-idiot !
remember , it was boehner , who denounced the conservative grassroots americans .. you know those christian right wingers .
uphold the principles and beliefs of the conservatives who supported you - defend the second amendment and work to bring sanity back to our federal government .
obamacare is an example of a dirty lie .
a whole lot is going to go wrong if irs is down too long .
trey gowdy for united states attorney general , 2016 … .
– paul ryan aligned himself with la raza operative luis gutierrez .
gave , am praying and will give more !
today &apos;s affordable care act is very similar to the privatized mandate plan the republicans pushed for 40 years .
that &apos;s because christie is a schmuck .
stand your ground and let &apos;s get the u.s. back on solid ground ! !
i knew i couldn &apos;t listen to his gas bag ... utah is blessed to have you !
taking the flag down will not change anything .
instead , we &apos;re going to see a bunch of twenty and thirty-something southerners go out and buy fresh flags as a middle finger to the northern white liberals who did not like them without the flag .
go go rand
if trump does by chance become the next president he will fall right behind obama as the 2nd worst president of the us .
rand i agree with you on everything but the immigration issue
no money will be given .
over the line on the majority of everything he does and the &quot; establishment &quot; has let him do it !
thanks for standing up against the democrats and the neo-cons and rinos in your own party who continously trample the constitution .
give it up , rand .
gene ... ollie was ordered by president reagan to trade the arms .
mia your words are beautiful !
i don &apos;t believe this administration has any intention of cutting the spending .
bin laden wins by bankrupting us , and i wish people that were otherwise conservatives would understand that .
boehner understood that .
tell everyone you know to vote for james on august 24th .
it is time to replace senator mitch mcconnell as majority leader with a principled conservative !
make the proposal on the sunday shows for free advertisement tim !
so why do we need to raise the debt ceiling .
you won &apos;t listen , i have no money to give you .
my wife supported mia but she should have voted against john boehner back in january .
george mason remarked : &quot; no point is of more importance than that the right of impeachment should be continued .
for now , bring to vote the last president &apos;s nominee .
why not arrest obama for treason , and take care of the problem !
have you lost your freaking mind senator rand paul !
have fun mia , you deserve it !
whether edward snowden is a hero or a traitor hinges on the answer to that question .
even if some such as ryan plan only starts addressing the issues .
american &apos;s are sick obama muslim behind .
tim , we need to completely stop ( defund ) that piece of crap .
conservatism ( and one has to be careful with this since conservatism of today is not monolithic and includes social conservatism as well ) is about limited government , and as such it is anathema to socialism .
i have never taken your bumper stick off of my car .
impeach the idiot
behind you all the way , rand !
just go away johnny !
please help us lindsey your last hope and putting boehner back in there as speaker there &apos;s a big mistake
i wish these gutless congressmen would go home !
nikki haley &apos;s statement said something to the effect of &quot; if you want to continue to honor your heritage by flying the flag on your property , no one is going to stop you &quot; .
james lankford , that is just not true .
she will be impeached and it is absurd to blindly waltz into the process .
i am convinced that obama is out to destroy our country .
you must oppose cloture to stop harry reid &apos;s plan to fund obamacare .
why for the love of god , are we giving money to countries who hate us ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
praying obumercare never comes to pass lord have mercy
cut cut cut cut
no listen to us , your constituents , and oppose the nomination of betsy devos .
it is crazy how long it can take to mail a pkg or env at a post office window in sw oklahoma .
save education and vote no for devos !
what delivering you are caving in as usual ... no amnesty
dr. ben carson president , mia love vice president !
i like rubio but am unsure what he would really do for the border .
happy thanksgiving pat
work with conservatives only to reduce spending and lower taxes ! !
the thing to remember is that god is the one in control ... obama has no power not allowed him by god .
maybe you and your counterparts should be paying attention and listening to the voting voice of the american people before you give this nation away to china and illegal immigrants .
with boehner as speaker obama will do whatever he wants to the gop is a joke too many rinos
sc for mitt !
only way is to impeach that sob first .
am proud of u sir and being one of ur same surname rubio
praying for you and the others vicky !
praying this guy resigns this term , he &apos;s a joke and living in the 1800 &apos;s .
impeach ! ! ! ! ! ! !
for many terms yet , if he wants too .
scott , are you supporting the tea party congressman ? ? ? ?
trey i wish you were in the cabinet picks !
i do not support anything the general government does any longer .
we can send troops in to a farmers land to try to kill his cattle and surround them ready to shoot to kill i believe it was bundy but we can &apos;t do anything about the border really
reagan or bush
agreement here with others that said a bit to late
that is , bring in americans who have no jobs because illegal aliens are taking them .
the reason the clinton administration had balanced budgets , which were actually only four out of eight , is the republican controlled congress demanded it and approved it by changing the clinton budget all four years to a balanced budget .
obama impeachment for executive orders on guns ?
thanks for all that you do marsha .
you have chosen the higher path and the citizens of florida have a hero in you .
totally agree bruce !
he has turned his back on arizona he is a disgrace to the american people
love ron paul , like rand paul , hate mark levin
no on syria and refuse funding on obama care .
if there were more teachers like mrs. ezell , our country might have more trey gowdy &apos;s fighting in congress to preserve our country .
the first vote needs to be a no for devos .
the present administration is also a threat to this nation .
get your story and facts straight , rand !
how about starting to get government out of ppls lifes , holding elected officials accountable when they go against their sworn oaths to the constitution and getting back to what is truely american .
we are being granted some liberties by government but we are to have liberty .
hey trey we american citizens do not buy into this diatribe you just handed us .
james , it hasn &apos;t changed my vote for change .
good try but no drones will be bombing a cafe in sf any time soon .
the campagn promises meant nothing it was just ear tickling to ease the itching ears of the liberals and the welfare moochers , the united states needs good leaders , not the socialist morons we have now .
as i said before , all they want to do is help obama destroy our countries values , he has no morals and neither does congress and senate.simple morons.do not vote for them anymore.put some new faces in charge , dam weazels .
reagan tripled the national debt .
i can only hope and pray that true patriots will remember how democrats and liberals ( including graham ) behaved when the next election rolls around .
i will speak as and for nc educators , you have let us down , yet again .
finish the fence first then talk about the next stage .
i wish john mccain would visit a boys and girls club on the navajo nation .
prayers from virginia are with you and family , senator scott !
you really think he will stick to budget .
senator mcconnell , you are such a liar
the also call themselves conservatives .
all they need now is saudi arabia and that is next .
where is this massive tax revenues going to come from ! ! ? ?
this is the reason i am not voting for scott angelle .
but instead , they make a bill they want defeated and use the unborn just to rally conservatives for political reasons .
keep fighting dr. paul !
we the people did that on our own without politicians .
tom , where did you get this information ... ?
i know you are a brave , honorable american patriot .
yes , we need to secure of border .
pull your head out vern and start handling the real issues .
while this current bill would not have stopped it this time , there will be a next time .
make them hear you rand
obama is just being a spiteful , spoiled brat .
the american people did have a voice by electing our current president twice .
hope the senate will pass it also .
conservatives nation wide know you &apos;re a sheep in wolf &apos;s clothing .
we must stop obama move to destroy the usa .
have lost confidence in mccain .
kansas has not embraced it like other states so we really can &apos;t say .
a conservative or libertarian would never abandon principals and support these rinos !
no money , no power .
and are you going to stand by and let obama do this to american
marco is our future !
why won &apos;t the fbi arrest george soros or deport him .
n inporte quit
congress is still not exempt from obamacare .
this crap is outta hand lee , do something .
i live in georgia and know history and none of you sound like you graduated from high school with your posts ....
from columbia sc you have my vote
we need to get the commies out of america .
that is why we sent you to congress .
media research center inc . ( mrc ) is a conservative media watchdog group run by president and founder brent bozell .
otherwise it &apos;s a poll tax .
i will only support true conservatives from now on .
destroying this country is osama &apos;s goal &amp; boner will help him !
later is not the time to say &quot; but ... &quot; later is not the time to fight obamacare .
no one will be exempt except washington .
we all know this so why isn &apos;t congress do anything about it ! !
( y ) we stand with rand !
your a rino - i didn &apos;t even vote for you this past november - you were actually the only republican i didn &apos;t vote for !
then the rebellion will be on and we can restore this nation to those founding principles .
sorry to hear about your dad
anybody but obummer
there &apos;s no getting around the fact that obama acts too slowly .... from syria to ebola .
would you say that by , purposefully , not using america &apos;s natural resources that he is weakening us and making us vulnerable and dependent on our enemy countries ?
yep ... it is a bad deal inasmuch as it doesn &apos;t require israel to submit to inspections or sign onto the non-proliferation treaty !
may god bless you , tim !
however no data points are exactly the same , and no conditions are exactly the same .
keep 2 troops in tower every 200 meters for entire southern border and repel anyone who wants to come north
love the color red congrats thom tillis ..... red did some kicking butt tonite across the board !
she is the most unqualified candidate for secretary of education .
in short , erica , republicans run for office because they believe that &quot; the people &quot; should be in charge of government , not the other way around .
repeal it &amp; shread &amp; trash it .
these are characteristics charleston is showing us and now we need to follow their example nationwide and worldwide .
god bless and keep you all !
get over it james it happened 11 years ago .
obama and his army !
yes he did but let me ask this does any of the politicians not know of his ammunition ban but he is fixing to do by executive order we &apos;re not going to take thatthe only good thing obama is doing is sealing the deal for republican president next time
happy easter and happy passover to you and your family sen. rubio .
may god bless you my friend .
by god &apos;s grace , i will not surrender my constitutional convictions .
news flash : if they squander what we give them , they &apos;re not allowed to look surprised when we say &quot; no more . &quot;
james i trust you will vote yes on auditing the fed ..... we shouldve done this decades ago ... they continue to destroy the middle class by transfering wealth to the elite .. they need to stop printing money now ! ...
why hasn &apos;t this man been impeached ?
anderson is a weasel and you pointed out something that has been going on behind this country &apos;s back , either that or the country turn its back on this .
to bad you could not have helped your party months ago , very disappointed .
republicans continue to stand your ground . , you are listening to the american people !
i am donating my status , marco .
he should be in prison along with obama .
if we give obama a inch he &apos;ll take a mile !
therefore obamacare is illegal !
i am a constituent from middle tennessee and i do not support her nomination .
oh paul ryan , i had slightly high hopes that you would do the right thing and denounce trump .
that &apos;s why the debt ceiling has to be raised every few months .
impeachment is the only answer to this treasonous dictator
yeah , but you &apos;re my kind of wacko bird ... chin up and keep going .
mike , the problem is not the search it is the government involvement .
don &apos;t let boehner bribe you .
keep on putting it out there mr buchanan .
is that fat boy stupid or a traitor too
either you didn &apos;t watch what the rest of us did or as said above you are a bought spineless turd , either way you aren &apos;t doing you &apos;re what you were elected to do .
just as then and now there is 1,000,000 miles of citizen video and photo evidence.senator graham .
this president doesn &apos;t care about the american people , he is out to make this country impossible to fix .
might as well have osama instead of obama !
ban all flights out of those countrys and send medical personnel not our military !
a year ago president obama fired off his mouth and now he wants to fire off missiles .
this could be the end of the republican party and i don &apos;t want it to happen .
evidently our brilliant government can &apos;t figure it out though !
i am not interested in those unsecured obama exchanges .
trey gowdy , i want to continue to trust you but unless something is actually done its just words .
time to impeach he got to go
no i just saw where it is close so no hagan isn &apos;t ahead .
he has pulled it out and is ahead right now , way to go james !
we will be run over by cuban illegals as well as mexican and our stupid president will have one more way to kill america
ahh i see , so he should forget all the people that voted for him , and just listen to you .
christie should be out .
his whole administration has been this way to eliminate any hard questions or possible confrontations .
get out like ted did and call out leadership by name ! !
god bless you for your courage and persistence in giving us the truth , because we the people can handle the truth , its the lies that we can &apos;t handle .
good to hear it justin ... the gop leadership is full of nutty rhinos ... they just don &apos;t realize the actual party knows it yes .
with the somewhat confusing language of cloture to hide behind , they were weak and stabbed us in the back .
no he doesn &apos;t , the president has the authority to suspend immigration from any country he wants .
thanks for the help israel !
he is a disgraced rino .
when will the repubs starts hammering harry reid and senate dems for no budget in over 1000 days ?
coward in a uniform , traitor to his nation !
if gowdy says it ----i believe it !
no one has answered what part of the constitution was violated .
why when the constitution enforces our borders and other laws enforce them are you not putting obama in contempt and treason ?
i hope you all pass all the bills reid would not put up for vote and then over ride obamas vetoes
i understand that , ... but the constitutional principal is what i have been discussing .
if we don &apos;t try , then they absolutely get their way .
stop being a globalist and preserve the godly principles this country was founded on ! !
mr lankford would you help me with a multi billion dollar idea it will save actually millions of lives and pay off us debt , and more 22centry law enforcement badge and more
you voted against the education of our children and against the preservation of our liberty .
you may be a lil late on doing what is right , but i commend you for it nonetheless .
washed up rino
i &apos;m sure he &apos;s getting out that trusty executive pen of his , if there is any ink left !
freedom of religions , christianity is here to stay , dont ever put muslim only here is usa
congress thought they were smart when they prohibited ex congressmen from being lobbyists but its the other way around that is the dam problem ... &quot; but its not a simple solution is it ben ! ! !
bravo marco .
you were one of 16 republicans to vote the wrong way today , you are a traitor and you need to be voted out .
the proper response to 9-11 would have been to start drilling for oil here in the us and cut off all trade and diplomatic relations with the middle east while trying these criminals who practice terrorism in a court of law .
sam johnson has done more for our state and our veterans than any of you !
rubio got my vote .
and when the debt ceiling hit tell the rothschild &apos;s to get bent .
presidential vacations you say ?
no one in healthcare wants obama care .
he needs to be put on a short rope to a snubbing post .
she &apos;s possibly the least qualified nominee i &apos;ve ever seen .
your &quot; job &quot; is to represent the people of georgia and i believe we have made our position clear .
it does no good to pray if you refuse to pay attention to the signs of warning that are sent to you
it &apos;s because it &apos;s much easier to look like the government is doing something than to actually do something .
mike , please do not leave washington now .
may god bless you and your &apos;s .
i &apos;m not from kentucky but rand is by far my favorite politician .
cuba still harboring convicted killers and terrorists .
if what we thought was important to you steve you would not have voted to reelect boehner as speaker .
iam not a big fan of the speaker of the house john b. i hope and pray others will speak their mind to him and guide him to do the right thing for america
we wanted a balanced budget .
sending arms to our enemies , shows how incompetent our congress is .
they are wanting socialism all the way .. communism .
i &apos;m sick of the lies from the left and hope the messiah will use the 14th ammendment to raise the debt ceiling .
good luck , marco rubio .
dear rep. elise stefanik , please cosponsor the safe act bill hr 113 to end horse slaughter .
mr. amish , washington d.c. is not full of principled people .
mr. rubio was the one true hope conservatives had to beat the machine .
yeah i know obama is going to give you hope and change .
please represent the people of tennessee and vote to reject this supremely unqualified nominee .
you must vote to defund obamacare ( affordable care act ) it is costing our country and each individual far too much and it will be the death of our country as we know it .
do you think american principles are not better than this ?
if you wanna save the gop , get rid of neocons like mccain and graham .
he &apos;s one of the few that does not follow like the rest ! saw him on fox this am.he may not be perfect , but he sure is a lot better than most of the crooks and liars we have serving now !
b ) a huge conservative sweep of primary and general elections for both the house and senate !
she will not curb late term abortions .
you didn &apos;t embarrass the republican party , nor the democrats .
no problem all is well ----haha .
i will not falter in my support for marco rubio .. i can &apos;t believe that trump has gotten so far with his rude , insulting and very unpresidential personality .
good man , may god bless and keep him .
kick their face in rand !
stop government spending .
you are obviously not listening to the people of nc who you represent and work for .
we do not want obamacare under any circumstance !
strap on your seatbelt , marsha , it is going to be a bumpy ride ....
reagan made 30 ! ! !
hey tom how do we get rid of obama !
to our allies in america and around the world , we remember your sacrifices and ours , for liberty .
prayers for the family .. how awful .. we need to ask for forgiveness from the lord god and ask him to return to our country .
trey gowdy i hope you will accept the nomination appointment for you to be the next ag with donald j. trump as the next president .
then hang him !
why hasn &apos;t anyone filed a lawsuit that the changes to obamacare are illegal and unconstitutional
too many have changed their party affiliation to democrat or libertarian or no party at all .
2016 marco rubio for president
how about total tax reform , with flat taxes .
he wasn &apos;t elected king and he has no ability to lead .
on point , but i &apos;m sure many trump voters won &apos;t even read or will now discredit john mccain as a wacko liberal .
he needs to be removed from office before he can do more damage to our country .
mr rubio , you should be receiving a jail sentence for your support of patriot act and ndaa .
as far as charleston is concerned .
there is no exemption or special treatment from obamacare for congress &amp; the president .
it makes better sense for the government to safe guard our borders from every country and enforce the very laws it passes equally amongst all including themselves .
tyler &apos;s paradise , obama isn &apos;t american either .
this should be the wake up call for republicans to unite and totally support the republican nominee .
if you can &apos;t work with him it would only be because you don &apos;t want fellow americans to keep their constitutional rights .
it &apos;s ridiculous to talk about repeal until you lay out your replacement plan .
please step away from partisan politics for a moment and listen to the millions of qualified educators who are reaching out and asking you to vote no on betsy devos .
absolutely scott , all that senator rand paul has been talking about , an indisputably flat and fair tax rate .
by getting this morsel , you voted to fund planned parenthood , allow un-vetted immigrants in and any other thing the president wanted .
love rand paul ! ! !
we need to consider god &apos;s definition of personhood rather than your definition !
ronald reagan would kick your butt if he was alive today to hear that you sided with russian interests over american national security .
i &apos;m glad rep. blackburn is attempting to bring heightened public awareness to the potential dangers of compiling so much personal information into a centralized data center .
you shouldn &apos;t have voted for boehner johnny .
aid to israel comprises more than 50 % of the foreign aid budget .
what have you won ? so far i haven &apos;t seen anything yet you republicans have cut our medicare &amp; you keep raising the debt ceiling you keep getting all this money from ss .
bring them home to defend our borders !
congressman ryan , where were you sir ?
you sold your soul to the radical left wing , just let them have their way since you &apos;ve been in office .
pass : meaningful campaign reform legislation , immigration reform , a balanced budget mandate , and perhaps more important , eliminate the political shenanigans that govern conduct in the house and the senate and once and for all get rid of the pork barrel mind set .
we need to cut spending sir , and we need to do it now .
please restore the freedom to play american based online poker .
time to come up with the payment plan before spending money ... you know , like the rest of us !
mr thune , i ask you as an american .
if gitmo is , as so many obviously believe , something evil , than it &apos;s an absolutely &apos; necessary &apos; evil and turning out its inhabitants or bringing them to us would be quite foolish .
amen uncle james we all so need to pray for schoolin the united states to stop .
do not fund any part of obamacare .
repeal obamacare ( tax ) and reduce spending to where we are spending less than we earn ( a true balanced / healthy budget ) .
good 4 u &amp; rand
you seem to have forgotten what you did ...... you &apos;ve lost my vote mr. crapobama .
he needs to get out of the caboose and move to the front of the war on terror !
then get all of your fellow politicians together and stand up to this administration sir.before it &apos;s to late.god bless america !
no sovereign nation can or will withstand unchecked immigration with no rules , limits or policies .
paul , i think you may be engaging in a little hyperbole .
and , jail him until he pays his back taxes .
when are ya gonna get a special prosecuter , and go after obama , and biden ? ? ?
team carson and fiorina ! .. what power , intelligence , patriotism makes me feel their is hope for america once again ... and neither one of them said the word &quot; stupid &quot; once ! ... loved dr. carson &apos;s final remarks ... humor is a great communicator , reminds me of the days of president reagan !
so , in my opinion if paul ryan is on board , let us welcome him and stand together as a party to fight united .
he said the illegals will work for $ 7 an hour but you take your chances on their experience and honesty .
it seems that the libs can violate our constitution with impunity , why is that ?
you are in congress do something about it ...
its one of the few things he has done right ! ! !
so , no , he is profiting off of and using the american people .
praying and voting for you scott !
we must pray for each other .
shame on you , lamar alexander .
we have had 3 amnesty programs that i can remember .
principals sir , sometimes you have to be a whacko bird .
like &quot; no &quot; immigration reform ?
then why do we the people have credit agencies our scores get reported to when were late on a payment because we don &apos;t have the funds to make because we overspent on our budget just trying to survive
your a true patriot sir .
if they were , our whole government would be much smaller and much more efficient .
boehner is not well equipped for the task ! ! !
&quot; more authority is fine with me . &quot;
obuma needs to go .
where &apos;s the stance for freedom and security .
he wants to close gitmo and put troops in syria ? ? ? ? ?
typical harry reid fashion .
time to go away rand .
emily is so desperate , i am not a registered democrat however i continue to receive fliers calling me a fellow democrat and asking me to help stop bruce polaquin .
you are making conservatives proud !
keep up the fight we are praying for you and your family god bless you &amp; god bless america ! !
let the highly trained marines that are sitting on bases go to the border and secure it .
the people that voted you into office do not want immigration reforms .
it has no real replacement plan because the aca is essentially the privatized mandate it has pursued for so many years .
i wish more politicians had the backbone to stand up to the president and his cult followers .
this was not amnesty by any stretch of the imagination .
we are restricted by our politicians as they are lacking the ability and guts to protect us and our nation from obama .
mcmorris is no conservative -- she routinely votes for continuing resolutions that fully fund obamacare .
please show them that tennessee has drawn a line in the sand !
rand is a sellout to the republican elite !
b o is doing exactly as he has planed and we the american people will have to pay the price .
praying for you to seek and receive wisdom from god !
i have one thing to ask you sir , when can the country expect an apology from you for sarah palin ?
only fund it to what o said it would cost ... he can &apos;t claim you defunded him that way , only did what he said to do , according to costs that he gave us .
repeal the 16th and 17th amendments .
i would like to revise my asessement ; national guard is good , but i would prefer regular military .
they are elected to uphold the constitution and represent the people .
something else to think about is our leaders are trying to put your sons and daughter in milkitary vehicles to the lowest bidder in the private sector , we need all work going to our federal bases with federal civilian employees ( former and current military workers ) hands are doing the work !
mike huckabee was my guy and he did not make it , then ben carson and he did not .
rand , ( doubt you actually read this page but anyway ) i am a conservative , and i want to believe in republicans , but what is a the party &apos;s vision ?
you all get paid , you all have healthcare , and your gym stays open while babies are starving because they can &apos;t get formula and a private foundation is taking care of our military families .
for all of us , god bless you .
i hope a 3rd party puts up a slate in 16 and takes it all !
if you fail to support the debt ceiling increase , you and your associates will be in violation of article vi of the constitution .
and when did obama start reading the constitution .
if it were truly a good thing , the president and congress would not have exempted themselves and their families from it !
the thanks go to you rand .
how we to know programs are illegal if congressmen can &apos;t do their job !
if all payed their biblical share of taxes , we would have enough revenue to balance the fed .
for once i agree with you sir .
shame on the state of georgia for not caring about our children enough to pass a bill to legalize it for our babies .
being a dad is the best job you will ever have !
5 shelbyville , tn .
i pray that james will continue to act with all wisdom and integrity in seeking a reasonable compromise to serve the interests of this constituency and that many will join him in that quest .
the dream act has nothing to do with kids it is for people up to 30 years old and , it is plain and simple open border legislation and amnesty with no end in sight !
it &apos;s your constitutional duty to advise and consent .
manny do some research the huge obama bill that none of you have read has loopholes for abortion funding that needs to be eliminated .
as long as the house stand together and don &apos;t give in it will be defunded .
send the illegals home !
even though the money has already been funded to them , obama ordered the check be held , therefore shutting them down .
keep the irs out of our health care .
those who are responsible for benghazi need to be held accountable ! !
sales tax is already 9 % in myrtle beach sc and up to 16.5 % on prepared food and alcohol !
i am sorry i have to disagree with the line item veto authority for the president .
there has to be a better way to solve this problem then to consider more out of control spending and putting us further in debt .
i don &apos;t know what the solution is , but obama care is not it .
no confidence in current government .
with that , and in addition to everything else you already do , i believe you are the only representative in washington that can help the american people rid the nation of the corruption and dishonesty of the irs .
say no to any obama nominee ! !
mr senator , if you won &apos;t represent the people of georgia out of principle , at least do so out of self-preservation .
putting them on our church prayer list !
i must have missed fox news filtered and polished portrayal of obama .
maybe ya &apos;ll should of voted for him when he ran for president .
i am very disappointed that you are not holding a town meeting .
and if the feds aren &apos;t going to do their job , that delegates the right to the states to do it , so that is great form .
it costs too much and it &apos;s not good enough for obama !
so it seems i found the answer on your yea to betsy devos .
ms. davos is the most unqualified individual for this position .
oh rand rand rand you are a nut for sure , your right grant , but no one even rand bothers to find this out .
seriously , that he will stop spending , repeal obamacare , secure the borders and leave foreign policy to someone who knows what they are doing , plus repeal roe v. wade .
and yes tim , we know the policies of the past 40 years have worked out so well for the cuban people , right ?
how about we just abolish the irs and institute a consumption tax .
looking forward to see what he does for our military .
it &apos;s his third veto .
we need to unite and get him out of office before its too late .
i have such deep concerns for our country and i for one do not believe obama is doing what he should be .
as a nc constituent , i want you to reconsider your approval of her appointment .
sick of spineless politicians ! !
it is about time to run him and his buddies out of d.c. and start over again with people with common sense .
praying that together the administration can protect and heal our great nation .
... &#91; ...... &#93; &quot; tornado alley &quot; generally refers to the region centered in texas , oklahoma , kansas and points north , where tornadoes are most frequent — but multiple studies indicate that the deadliest twisters occur to the east , in a region that &apos;s come to be known as &quot; dixie alley . &quot;
obamacare is the law of the land and will go into full affect in six months .
well no wonder ... look at all the stuff we pay taxes on !
why don &apos;t you listen to the people and defund obamacare today !
not this hopey changed stuff cause it ain &apos;t working a third party is needed for most americans who are really middle of the road !
we don &apos;t need to support unfriendly countries at the expense of our fiscal crisis .
one of obama &apos;s campaign promises in 2008 was to close gitmo and he never did , so he &apos;s just trying to keep that promise before he leaves office .
then you are circumventing the constitution .
agree with you tim .
i hope the republicans don &apos;t give in on immigration until we enforce the laws !
when a bill is being written , the individual or individuals writing it must put something ( a compromise ) in the bill or they would all continually get shot down and nothing would ever get done .
lol just like thom said himself and his children are laughing at the haters !
nothing- can &apos;t believe anything he says !
stand aside mr. what ever your name is !
the fbi is talking about three emails that were on the server .
yates was standing up for the constitution .
now you need to override obama &apos;s internet give away on oct .
there &apos;s rubio wanting to keep getting the lobby money and soros money !
you and john mccain are jackasses
obama has overstepped his power over and over and it &apos;s time congress did something about his arrogance .
please continue to support our constitution !
&quot; the votes are not in the house to pass a clean debt limit . &quot;
rand ... i will work for your mission ... just contact me ... louisville ky
even you neighbors to the west stand with you mia ! !
keep up the good work cathy god bless
does this surprize you they need the vote that is why it is being done that way
it has also helped those that had lousy for profit health insurance get better insurance as they no longer have to worry about getting cut off from their insurance company .
ben sasse , so you will have no respect for the majority of what the american people want , if it is trump ?
he wont answer any of your questions nothing will ever be done until the people take back there goverment
no sorry that is the last thing we need , more government , , ,
praise be to god !
vote no on the next cloture and please explain to your undecided senators in the republican party that those of us out here supporting cruz are loyal republicans who fund generously .
the illegals make up a huge voting block that you and sen mccain want a part of .
we need marco rubio , michelle bachman , ron paul and other senators and congressman to stay in the legislative branch where the bills are hammered out .
thank-you trey gowdy for helping up keep safe and congress too .
i am an obama follower , run my own company , graduated from a top university , and my taxes probably support you .
obama will not use drones against those willing to lay down and let their rights slip away , he will use them against the &quot; terrorist &quot; who will stand against him to fight for theirs .
maybe obama wants to take more expensive vacations with the extra tax money .
repeal the new deal and all the socialist changes since ... decrease the federal government by 75 % !
you lost my support with amnesty .
oh yes ... next you &apos;ll be quoting wikileaks like your wonderful candidate mr. ryan .
i am preeetyyy disgusted with you right now , i will remember this and make sure everyone i know that is conservative knows what you have done to help bring down our nation .
term limits and get rid of all lobbyists .
i must agree mr. flake , that i will not be voting for you ever again .
yah yah yah .... you talk about the issues all the time ( lip service ) if you were actually doing something you would be in the news like ted cruiz or a plethora of other solid conservatives .
just repeal it please not replace .. thanks
trey gowdy : &quot; huge gaps &quot; in clinton &apos;s libya-related emails ?
i would rather see america go over the fiscal cliff than to give into obama and all of his liberal / democratic buddies and soros ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
move to impeach the creature inhabiting the white house .
it &apos;s why we love you , sir ted !
at the same time the president was telling us that he wold not increase the defense budget unless there was a similar increase in the non defense budget .
however should mr. trump win the delegates he needs , i will vote for him over hillary clinton , because 8 more years of president obama &apos;s policies are worse than any candidate running on the republican side with the exception of senator rubio , the establishment &apos;s choice .
marco needs to do the jb he was elected to do
james you &apos;re in our prayers
absolute morons with no intestinal fortitude !
atlanta office phone : ( 770 ) 661-0999 washington d.c. office phone : ( 202 ) 224-3643
team mitch on november 4th ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
impeachment / jail ! !
no no no no to all of this mess
i hope moran actually gets it now instead of just taking the time for photo ops and saying it is not my fault &gt; what a disgrace . ,
do you really think castro n his regime will let the people go ?
obama and kerry are pretending that they have negotiated a good deal for america , but these losers have just given iran the bomb .
shame on you , sen. thune !
hope and pray it &apos;s not to late .
if you and the rest of the rino &apos;s had been behind him like the dems support their candidate we wouldn &apos;t even be in a close race .
plase help stop sending aide to other countries and start helping americans at home
i do not support obamacare , but how could you let a big government bill pass ?
will cost a lot thanks to george bush .
that was not the intent of the constitution .
not so sure about bruce .
enjoy the beauty of aspen , mia !
ray hit jerry up he believes in wealth spreading .
love you mia love !
godspeed from north carolina and congrats
maybe we need to clean house with both our senators from north carolina .
o lord help our children
people our goverment cannot disarm us .
democrats would have already gotten rid of ( holder and obama if they were republican &apos;s ) doing what holder and obama has done ! ! ! ! ! !
you just took a trip to libya with liberal john mc cain in order to congratulate the muslim brotherhood .
carly seagren
if they want to continue to overtax , they can do that or if they want to give every american a tax cut , they can do that .
just pass a clean cr .
it seems like the first place to cut spending should be these useless wars .
no marion we are fighting for liberty .
good going mr &quot; i should take this seriously ! &quot;
praying for you because you are the best chance we have .
however - the republican party wants no responsibility for the actions taken by republican leadership .
i again say no sir !
i know you live in an alternate reality of conservative talking points but continuing to blame the president and the democrats for your own intransigence is harming the country .
24 ) all military people get a 10 % raise all other govt workers take a 10 % cut , it can be cut per dept or everyone wages are cut 10 % i dont care .
i agree replace it , not because its a government take over .
make him veto and own it
it does not matter what he says he is a liar and a deceiver .
i &apos;m only sorry that seven years wasn &apos;t sufficient time for republicans to create a worthy replacement .
there is certainly nothing affordable about obamacare .
sounds good sir , you have our full support .
i am conservative to the core , even when i was a registered democrat &#91; before i knew what the differences were as a youth &#93; .
every one needs to open carry let the bad guys ... who ever they are know we are not going to put up any longer with them ... obey the laws of god and man ...
keep up the good work mr gowdy
betsy devos is so obviously unqualified as education secretary .
pres obama is a two term president therefore it &apos;s his duty to appoint someone .
how bout get with our &quot; senior senator &quot; graham and our other senator thats confused about which stance he should take , scott and educate them on the fifth and sixth amendments and how subverting either to infringe on the second won &apos;t make us safer when dealing with &quot; devout &quot; muslims .
i think it was ben franklin that said something to the effect of &quot; the best way to get rid of an unjust law is to enforce it strictly &quot; .
i will be searching for a new party in the next few years , as i have lost faith in the republican party .
you blew it , paul ! ! !
jeff w- flawed thinking.if we didn &apos;t spend any money on defense all this free stuff should never had been started and shouldn &apos;t be happening .
why wait until it is too late !
i used to be a democrat until some life-lessons changed my mind about certain things and moved me through some stages to being a republican with libertarian leanings .
they are absolutely worthless .
i have listened to him on talk radio and he answers questions directly , no bull , no running around the bush .
enforce the existing laws and leave the constitution alone .
then stop him !
prosperity is not built on tax cuts for the rich and excessive military spending .
mrs. rubio he is a wonderful congressman and would have made a wonderful president .
venice too vern !
he won &apos;t get my vote if he did .
she is way over her head but apparently has bought her position with her $ $ to the republican party .
you can overturn his veto .
i sure wish we had more representatives like you sir ! ! !
ho are they going to blame when they get notified their insurance premiums in alaska have increased 35 % or more !
a call to congress to enforce this law !
potus is in charge of foreign affairs until it comes time to ratify treaties .
i wont support this party until poker plying morons like you go away , we are broke !
for starters we will defund planned parenthood and enforce doma . &quot;
no federal employee is going to be required .
it only takes 20 seconds and you can still vote in your party &apos;s primary .
it is so true ! !
he needs to be voted out of office !
as americans we deserve nothing but truth from all our elected officials
if the president does not think that we are worth protecting both financially and physically someone else there should lead a charge to have him impeached .
pull our troops and aid back home .
i been thinking for a while that you kiss obama &apos;s butt !
trump cruz
it would be really helpful if you and other christian republicans would join forces and be god &apos;s army of salvation to save this great nation .
the strategies of ronald reagan &amp; margaret thatcher are excellent , especially in cases like this and perhaps especially with lawyers .
a vote for cruz is a stolen vote from ben carson ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i live in arizona and john do nothing mccain is a puppet for the rich , he defends trump on certain issues .
it is only the dysfunctional handling of vacation visas and applications by our state department that is holding back millions of tourists each year here in florida and the rest of america .
our national debt is trillions .
i happened to be on a flight yesterday with marco from miami to laguardia .
thank god obama will veto it .
epa is another one of obama &apos;s right arm bullies ..
scott i get the emails cause i signed up for them on the congresswoman &apos;s website by the same name as this page .
the beautiful mia love knows , that &apos;s why her people elected her ... trey gowdy for for speaker
senator rubio , who has close ties with oppressed cubans , begs to differ , mr. amash , with all due respect .
what i dislike the most about neo / ultra conservatives is that they must have the whole loaf or nothing .
when the republicans first got control of the house , i felt so relieved to be rid of pelosi and get boehner in as speaker .
there are few things the federal government is actually authorized to do and among hose is the protection of life and liberty .
vern sees money for him in voting this way .
trey for attorney general ! ! !
this administration is always a few steps ahead of you .
you said it best marco .
repeal your own healthcare first .
praying for you - god can work miracles ! !
roy blunt lied to win ; impeach roy blunt now ! !
i think the american people should be allowed to have that one , as well , rather than being mandated to have insurance or face pretty hefty sin tax .
they will never take them away we the people want stand for it .
he is trying to sink our country-obamacare is not failing it is doing precisely what he and his socialist comrades want-it will destroy our insurance companies and drive us to a single payer system
also , i do find that i have some slight problems with rand &apos;s views .
they are trying their best to ram it down our throats and ignore the restrictions placed on government in the constitution .
so the sc school boards association meets with your staff in person today to express their concerns and ask for your support of public schools , and you decide to support devos anyway .
yes we want congress to work together but not for obama .
the money coming in would pay for past spending if we stopped spending for non essential stuff ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
we lost lives in benghazi and nothing was done---i would have backed that .
rand we cant just give them everything , are you obamafied ?
yes-and demonizing criminalizing republicans for not doing their job-when the president does nothing to unify america .
i don &apos;t understand how hollywood , rum , ge , citi , goldman sachs got tax exemptions in the fiscal cliff deal you voted for , but 77 % of american families will have a decreased take home pay .
please know that we pray for you and the handful of others in washington who are like you ....
that will increase tax revenue , decrease government dependence and increase the gdp .
they are having to enforce federal law with legislative referendum to protect our international border .
as for me jesus is also my father and i love him and will stand up for him
my wife and i have owned a small business for 20 years in indiana and florida .
tired of hearing your talk and no action ... go back to rino land ...
it &apos;s not enough to vote against obamacare , you need to vote no to cloture .
we enjoyed freedom and prosperity through the blessing of god in his son jesus christ .
as ted cruz says , he wants to stop obamacare now because like social security and medicare we may like it too much .
honor the flag today , thanks marco .
once again , when conservative candidates run on and dont apologize for conservative values and principles , they get good results : ) hopefully the trend will continue .
you can repeal obamacare when congress gives up their free health care
he &apos;s a traitor also .
what part of vote no on the cloture didn &apos;t you understand ? ! ?
she is being rewarded for doing exactly what she was told to do-lie to the american people .
the people in charleston were awesome .
right now securing our borders are our # 1 priority .
ask mr paul .
congress was castrated by obama , who bypassed congress in the deal and sent it through anyway .
you have all our support mike !
we cannot afford to give the potus a blank check and have him run off on multi-million dollar vacations while the rest us of struggle .
john mccain , godfather of isis .
i am very disappointed in you for not stopping the president from sending military aid to egypt .
hopefully not to little to late
write your congressman , write you newspapers , write you television stations .. stand on a podium , before its too late , quit being a laid back panty waste and do something ! ! ! !
since she has absolutely no experience with public education she is a poor choice .
big mistake for the republican party .
congressman , unfortunately it &apos;s too late .
mike , i hope you &apos;ll back up your words by signing the upcoming discharge petition to bring the clean cr to a vote .
i know what you really did mr , poe &amp; i am ashamed i voted for you .
that went no where fast and only make the people more furious .
we the united states now have more &quot; takers &quot; than workers that is how obama got re-elected and obama care got in .
it is time we start abiding by our constitution .
fat liberal pig who a t &apos;s as if he is conservative
no write in cruz
if you care about students , if you care about your constituents , if you care about getting reelected , you will reject betsy devos .
( they are not all following our president .. ) so we need to put truth back into the foundation of this country .
the usurper , obama , as freshly outed snake in grass ted cruz have got to go .
we need a real conservative !
marco : god bless you and your family .
it &apos;s time to turn a new leaf s. carolina .
where are accountable tn pols when we need them ?
thoughts and prayers are with amanda and the entire rubio family .
hillary should be left in the enemies hands along with obama
re : immigration and dhs budget we need for our conservative congressmen and senators to start being smart leaders .
someone found their &quot; co &quot; &quot; jones &quot; in their wife &apos;s purse and borrowed them for the evening .
say what the constitution says not make up your own extremist paranoia .
i &apos;m hopeful we will someday see mia in congress !
although i don &apos;t agree with what he said or his stances , mike pence proved himself to be a breath of fresh air for republicans as a whole tonight .
still haven &apos;t heard any replacement nearly as good or effective .
janice cline , summerville , sc
at least 0ne of our congressmen has a little backbone .
no pension , no medical coverage .
if they allowed this they would probably vote republican - therefore this law is no good
did ted cruz tell you to vote no on this also ?
i am praying that our heavenly father will give them peace .
and obviously neither can our govt .
this will help oklahoma greatly .
senator , the president has submitted a budget request for every fiscal year he has been in office .
rand my friend you spare no venom and i love it !
why can &apos;t you vote for that one , congressman dave reichert ?
good morning congressman mike simpson !
start the impeachment process please
a flat tax serves as a mechanism to keep the size of government small , thereby limiting its power .
if nothing is done about this , conservatives might as well give up , because the left is going to do what they do best and shut them out and everyone who disagrees with leftists .
barrackk obama public enemy number 1
nothing , , cause we have a spineless government
folks we must help rand if we believe in the right to life
yes sir !
our prayers are with her .
i really like rand but coal needs to be a thing of the past .
nebraska has asked for the environmental study because of the impact on the sand hills region .
they lie just like obummer head muslim !
your message is basically if the person who becomes the nominee isn &apos;t someone you like , you will not vote for them .
mr. obama is &quot; boxing over his weight &quot; ... and he has zero credibility .
no war , no strike , no drones
marco , too bad you aren &apos;t our president , delivering today &apos;s thanksgiving address .
flake and mccain responded to my email to them asking them to impeach obama by saying they are troubled my many of his actions but there are no grounds for impeachment .
maybe u do not understand what fair tax would b ?
marsha can go ahead and take a pay cut then .
and to you as well sir
seems hypocritical tim .
on june 14 , 1967 , ronald reagan signed the therapeutic abortion act , after only six months as california governor .
the bill further increases the debt and does absolutely nothing to tackle our debt crisis .
ok , here &apos;s a pet peeve about flag ettiquette .
this family has been supporting your dad since his first run for office .
the unaffordable business killing taxing into oblivion irs seizing we paying for losers healthcare act .
we have payed taxes on all this and when one of us dies the government gets more .
this country will only default if obama orders that the bills wont be paid .
rubio so is dtrump don the con !
good luck mia pete sprinville utah
congrats senator scott to you and him !
i am glad that they seem to be handling the charges swiftly as this policeman is definitely guilty of murder .
i still have my mccain sign out !
12 seante republicans conspire with the potus to keep the truth from the american people !
i want to know why i still haven &apos;t heard back from you on the email i sent two weeks ago on sopa !
until congress has the courage to cut billions from war and welfare budgets this year i can not take seriously anything going on in washington .
but , washington gops don &apos;t want to pass a comprehensive immigration bill .
he needs to get out of the white house , that should be closed too
as a cuban i am surprised rubio would make this statement .
not sure what the chances are that harry reid will do the right thing .
congressman lankford , we live in a country and in a state that has serious problems and we need serious people to solve them .
a real patriot knows how the executive and legislative branches work and since obama has been in office congress has failed to approve any of his budgets .
come on .... i believe obama is hiding something from all of us ... which is he wasn &apos;t born in hawaii .. i would bet he was born in africa and then went to hawaii .
will you , congressman zeldin push to utilize this path ?
while you were hob-knobbing with this &quot; terrorist &quot; on the tab of the mostly un-employed and tax raped american people , rand paul was at work .
why does everyone their let him get away with saying he cut the deficit 2 / 3 , i can bet odds we are in debt more than 6 trillion
merry christmas to you lynn and your family .
you and mia love ! ! !
as much as i cannot stand this man and i hate what the administration is doing to my country one thing is for sure he knows who butters his toast and now he is buttering theirs ! ! ! !
these are the enemies from within .
obama is making &quot; investments &quot; with all that money and still needs more for his socialist agenda
isn &apos;t marco out of a job the end of this year ?
it &apos;s costing mccain millions in campaign contributions .
republicans warn that higher tax rates could throw our economy back into recession .
&quot; other different groups &quot; could this be because they are not like you , marsha ?
seriously , the knowledge that delusional nancy pelosi is trying to bailout cain should be enough .
they are as dumb as the people who did not vote for ron paul in south carolina .... and that is about as dumb as a person can get .
while the reagan-appointed tower commission said reagan &apos;s disengagement from white house management had made the diversion possible , reagan himself was never formally linked to the violation of the boland amendment .
it still isn ; t too late to impeach this evil , demon possessed poor excuse for a human barry soetoro soebarkah barack hussein obama and show the world we really aren &apos;t stupid enough to let him get away with treason ! !
so far y &apos;all have done absolutely nothing but turn your backs on us ..
we the people are smarter than you think !
i too am a fiscal conservative .
paul - palin 2016 !
i sure wish support was with rand !
have a great day sir !
the problem here is that we conservatives talk about ideas and solutions , where the liberals spend all their energy vilifying their opponents .
how to win the war on optics and call check mate on obama .
where in the constitution is the authority to do this ?
the &quot; new &quot; congress should have a new speaker .
... of course then .... who would take your place here in florida ... i shudder to think .
ryan is a continuation of boehner , without the tears ! ! !
you couldn &apos;t stand up to obama on the budget , why get upset about this ?
i think the post-vote comments by president obama shows he will not give on holding the debt ceiling .
you noticed mr. o didn &apos;t say anything about stopping payments for house / senate / executive branches .
zach - i will pay for your ( 1-way ) ticket to cuba or similar .
yes , we have a spending problem .
sir , you have served this country admirably with honor , please sir , discern your current ability , raise-up with respect and support the bold hearts of the new guard .
fight against obamacare and amnesty for illegals .
prove to me tomorrow that you are against any amendment that chips away the constitution .
praying for you and for others to follow your lead .
the constitution state he is not above the law .
thank u mr. upton for standing behind this no budget no pay .
praying amen # gowdy2020
i am truly sorry for the loss of life in colorado , but my hope and prayer is that this terrible act of evil will not sway mrs blackburn to vote for the u.n. gun treaty !
without obamacare millions do not .
trey gowdy is the best thing ever to come out of south carolina .
give &apos;em hell rand !
stand up , sir !
cruz - love 2016
this was no debate of any substance .
headline : marco rubio , because he has nothing better to do , will run for congress ( colleagues are hopeful this time he will show up for work . )
when is he gonna file criminal charges against king fink obama , billary c . , etc .
put the military on the borders .
no clintons !
am begging you to not vote for betsy devos .
why don &apos;t you do your job and quit supporting boehner &apos;s treasonist attempts to undermine the president .
first of all rand paul is a great american .
yes even people working off the books would have to pay with the fair tax i think
obama needs to keep his nose out of it - it &apos;s none of our business .
he needs to go hide in a hole and don &apos;t come out
i would like to fine new sources replace coal but it will need to be phased , not the drastic plan obama is pushing .
mike and i have never been the kind of people to ask for anything .
also test welfare recipients .
tax tax tax is all we hear .
sorry lindsey , you said the wrong thing .
hey vern , is this really something you should post on fb ?
the leadership of our country is spending us into oblivion because the voters keep putting them in the position to .
john boehner has been unprofessional several times before that have been questioned .
ahhh , that pesky constitution .
he also suggested that congress should &quot; take the money we &apos;re no longer spending at war , use half of it to pay down our debt , and use the rest to do some nation-building right here at home . &quot;
thanks ben - you &apos;ll make a great # 2 .
way to go marsha blackburn keep it up !
would have been nice if you supported our / your candidate months ago .
... and eric holder is still not in jail !
steven , if i recall correctly , you supported the same gop that supports obama ( namely boehner ) .
you are a disgrace to our country and the state of tennessee .
don &apos;t get too distracted thom .
john mccain please help .
obama = isis
well at least you made one correct vote mr. moran .
the american people voted for obama .
it does give you a better perspective , doesn &apos;t it rand ?
stop giving my money to these flag burnning savages .
reagan governed as he lived both morally , ethically and with common sense for which this president is severly lacking obama &apos;s name should never be used in the same sentence as reagans ever ! !
yes my family will be praying for you .
top priorities are real jobs , reduced debt &amp; taxes to allow economy to begin growing , and basic health care start over .
i am disappointed at this decision and the future of public education in sc and across the nation .
never thought i &apos;d say it , but look to sen. graham on this one .
such as the illegal immigrants , border security , the 2nd amendment and many many more .
whether they like it or not , libs are already treating rubio as a potential president in four years ... hahaha , suckers !
so what is your strategy to address the president and his illegal amnesty for 13 millions illegal aliens ?
it &apos;s amazing how much damage has been done in the last 8 years and john mccain has kept his mouth shut .
given the opportunity , i would have voted for congressman pat tiberi .
i would like to know the answer to that question !
he has no clue except what his handlers tell him to do .
well i am not sure why congress isn &apos;t doing something about this administration .
we are praying for you all , louie ... wish i could be there ...
his role as a us senator is to represent the people of utah in congress , but not necessarily to protect our interests .
please make the right call this time , you were part of the problem by voting for boehner .
congressman shuster , you and your fellow republicans are out of control and i intend to do everything i can to ensure you never win another election .
the republicans in the house cut the president obama administration &apos;s request for embassy security funding by $ 128 million in fiscal 2011 and $ 331 million in fiscal 2012 .
and by the way no government employee should be eligible for a bonus ! !
yes , we need more leaders like you , mia ! ! !
which makes it all that more important to find out &quot; who &quot; gave the stand down orders .
only listen to prince reid and his dominions rather than listen to the overwhelming voice of &quot; we the people &quot; !
shayla , why didnt you just say you watch glenn beck regularly and he never lies to you ?
clean house &amp; congress these fat cats are to busy playing golf to take over and get this fixed .
no not a clue
now bring impeachment charges against director comey and ag lynch
if he uses executive privilege again .
carl , sometimes you have to stand up against evil even when it is not popular .
we have laws that keep us from praying in schools and public .
definitely un-liking you rand paul .
good riddance holder take your buddy with you !
i hope diane black did too .
90 % of our leaders are sheep ... thank u rand for standing up for america .
if you dont like your current situation get up and do something about it people .
... further , i ask you to insist harry reid pass the house bill as is , and demand a 60-vote threshold for any effort that would add obamacare funding back into the house bill .
until people realize obama is intentionally trying to bring down this country nothing will change .
all these comments about do nothing congress , realize there are 300 + bills passed that harry reid will not introduce to the senate .
you liberals believe everything the media wants you to believe !
only thing , he is in my opinion , hellbent on americas destruction right along with the destruction of gods people israel !
how about we take the money we give to countries who hate us and burn our flag and use it for our vets and military pay
i heard that rand and rubio did not vote in favor of this fiasco .
ellene i think you have that backwards ....... no more billions from those who over throw legitimately elected govts , i could not agree more , i am tired if sending out tax dollars around the world trying to set up central banking !
that &apos;s great marco , but maybe you have a greater calling ... even as vp for now you would have access to trump and be able to work through your differences .
i supported you in south carolina and this statement , i will have to say , disappoints me as i think you would make a great vice presidential candidate .
john mccain i did not vote for you .... i intended to , but your choice of a running mate caused a change of mind .
i pray that we dont end up in a civil war over this ! !
since when does the executive branch negotiate with terrorists .
hey tom mcclintock do you actually read comments ?
1 ) tom is a representative , not a senator like difi or babs boxer .
why don &apos;t you sponsor a bill to return all federal land to the states ?
pass a clean cr ... stop with nonsensical piecemeal funding of government ... http : / / nypost.com / 2013 / 10 / 08 / suicide-of-the-right /
our nation is in almost ruins because of this man and sadly because too many republicans are voting with obama on everything , and our economy can &apos;t stand much more .
please mr. crapo , step aside and allow another conservative , non-hypocritical , republican take your place in the upcoming race , as i do not want to vote democrat , but i am being forced to with you staying in the race .
i agree with james and the people that don &apos;t have not focused on our natural resources oil , natural gas , coal , timber etc get on board for a free america in trade ,
no change ?
i don &apos;t see them as empty promises , mia .
i &apos;m sad that i live in mia love &apos;s district .
so tell us lindsey , which is it ? ? ?
look for him to declare martial law !
obumer and his croonies once again think they can do what they want lets do what needs to be done in 2012 replace all of them , and lets back speaker boehner every chance we can ....
he &apos;s been trying to negotiate with republicans since he first became a president to absolutely no avail .
tom does fully accountable really mean anything .
i am not a conservative , nor am i from arizona , however , the fact that you are fighting for the american people on this matter has not been overlooked .
we already have been given indications that the house intends to fund obama &apos;s amnesty through september .
i doubt if trey gowdy will actually read my comments .
one way of virtually ensuring your reelection is to impeach the president asap .
the punitive acts of boehner mirror communist countries and is why we the people needed a new speaker .
.............................. after becoming a lawyer , castro focused on social causes and defending the poor .
and as such can and will take the fall for a loss in nov. the irony is how much spending ryan has voted for himself .
by the way i called my ins .
i love romney but i vote rubio 2016 ! ! !
go , go , go johnny , go , go , go johnny go ,
government has told so many lies they can &apos;t remember the truth
like both george bush i &amp; ii and paul ryan , i &apos;ve lost total respect for you marco , and i voted for you and was ready to vote you all the way to the white house .
cut spending , for our kids and grand kids .
he &apos;s shown a complete disregard for the law and you and your peers in the senate have done nothing to stop him .
fix the real problem , don &apos;t just put a trillion dollar band aid on it ! !
john mccain supports the rebel ( s ) that ate the heart of their enemy .
just another establishment politician , been in office since 1995 and can &apos;t figure out why the american electric wants nothing to do with him or his peers .
he does what he wants and stuffs it down our throat and dares anyone to question him .
they have mr congressman .
rep. bill flores , i am very concerned with this &quot; shadow government &quot; that obama is organizing .
god bless you james lankfor !
you stopped being relevant to the republican party a long time ago .
your no jerry ford , paul henry , or vern ehlers thats for sure ...
have no doubt , rand paul would have won in a landslide against hillary .
i like what bruce has to say about welfare .
help no
paul ryan showed his hand today and must be held accountable .
obummer doesn &apos;t know how to make one or for nefarious reasons will not .
after all - the president did it for some parts of it ( because he knows it &apos;s a train wreck and would effect the 2014 elections ) !
but the feds have less power over us ..........
merry christmas and god bless america and you
the only hope for our country at this time is god almighty-he will never be in debt to anyone .
with obama it is all about the next election and the redistribution of wealth .
christ did about citizen &apos;s in florida , nothing is being done in louisiana .
y &apos;all need to go back and look at his voting record .
sponsor a bill setting term limits !
if is strictly ca republicans have no say anyway .
when will you be asking roger ailes about the clear conservative bias on fox news ?
any kind of amnesty push in an election year will do nothing but hurt the gop .
i think with satellite imagery and using drones with our ground forces we can stop the illegals .
i agree with your position that the constitution should be dealt with at congressional level where it was written and approved
no she ain &apos;t related to connie rice in bush administration
it seems to me that republican leaders are in bed with liberal democrats .
of course obama will then take credit for it .
go mr boehner go !
good luck and we will keep you in our prayers .
dec . 15 ( bloomberg ) -- lockheed martin corp . &apos; s f-22 jet is among several u.s. weapons that are flawed , waste taxpayer dollars and benefit from the military-industrial alliance , senator john mccain said today .
make changes and get him out of office
rewrite nafta , fair tax now
the veto is dead on .
we need to get mia love and tim scott in the public eye .
spot on , sen. sasse .
marsha blackburn , you &apos;re doing a great job .
support our president until we weed out the enemies .
now , mr. congressman , you know that isn &apos;t true .
i believe we should return to our constitution and bill of rights to govern our citizens and inpeach obama .
i have to agree with the majority of posters mr. paul ryan .
alabama mother praying for your family .
• why would dhs and ice be claiming &quot; surprise &quot; by the current influx of unaccompanied minors on the border in june , when they were taking bids for an exact contract to handle the exact situation in january ?
thanks you senators lee , cruz , rubio , moran , toomey , wyden , cornyn and chambliss .... it &apos;s about time we the people had some representation .
happy thanksgiving trey
congressman franks , please support house resolution 752 the tortured and abused dogs and cats need your voice don &apos;t turn a blind eye to their suffering .
but if we didn &apos;t just send foreign nations blanks checks they wouldn &apos;t like us anymore and what would the afgan president use to live it up with when he flees his country when u.s. troops leave in 2014 &#91; sarcasm &#93; ?
the only threat i made is that you are going to lose your seat because you won &apos;t answer simple questions .
republicans have made a political blunder , namely jack ryan .
sad that the post below this is the national prayer breakfast .
anyone w / any brains at all would not have put him in !
&quot; to legislate in an independent and conservative manner . &quot;
impeaching our president for any one of a dozen offenses that has violated his oath of office .
praying for charleston and all of her people .
spread that thought around up there tim .
when are you going to face us in a town hall you coward ? ? !
please don &apos;t back down from obama .
pray that god will save us and restore our country .
you &apos;ve done everything i was hoping you wouldn &apos;t do - to support rubio ( establishment candidate , who is pro amnesty ) , just sealed your fate !
hopefully we will get rid of him next time !
bout as much chance for transparency as snow in july in tn .
we as a nation could have been free from foreign oil long ago if government wasn &apos;t all in it .
i &apos;ve said it before .. our problem is having a far left president with a far right speaker .
remind them : the 2nd amendment is part of the constitution and therefore , no senator has the power to amend the constitution , including the 2nd amendment , or any of the amendments without going through the amendment process whereby 3 / 4 of the states ratify the change .
hey little johnny mccain jr. are you going to arm isis too ?
this is not about &quot; gay rights &quot; but religious freedom !
sen. lankford we missed you in okc , but we are grateful for your willingness to make this effort for the issachar training event .
it is for the good of the government only .
why don &apos;t y &apos;all go ahead and remove the monuments as well .
somehow , speaker boehner and his cadre of spineless jellyfish don &apos;t see that by making the deal &quot; bi-partisan &quot; that they will share the blame for what is extraordinarily bad policy .
do you honestly think that rand prefers romney over his father ?
funny , bo went to libya but could not help others who died unnecessarily , how and why bo ?
i think not ..... grounds for impeachment .
god forbid we should be allowed a truly conservative candidate .
since it is obama , i can &apos;t agree .
i hope sam graves looks at his facebook page and notices not one positive comment sincehe made the comment above on sept . 20th .
obamacare is doomed to fail .
the question isn &apos;t what will happen is she- , the question is what will our leaders do to stop corruption ?
i just think that obama is a liar and wants to destroy america ...
actually , bruce bielby , the congressman did give equal time to nwmsu .
jerry james traficant told us about israel .
remember they hate americans and burn our flag
no citizens , republican or democrat , want devos in charge of our educational system .
please stop all of your efforts to defund or delay obamacare .
nick amann we don &apos;t enforce the immigration laws we have now .
there was no isis before the war criminals bush and cheney war criminals sent our children off to die in iraq and you supported them by spending trillions of dollars because the military industrial complex makes substantial contributions to your campaign .
please vote no on the cloture for obamacare !
trey gowdy for attorney general .
jordan wood
i won &apos;t mention any names because i do not want to tip off john boehner , lindsay graham , mitch mcconnell and their cohorts that we are on to them !
massachusetts could certainly benefit having a principled man like trey gowdy representing us !
go , rand , go ! ! ! ! !
perhaps too late paul .
it wasn &apos;t only obama , his turncoat henchman , charlie went right along with it .
they just sent back a fourth compromise bill .
if williamson county wants them you guys can pay them .
no one is saying stop immigration .
oklahoma is known for it &apos;s common sense .
income tax and the federal reserve act was extremely destructive to the republic
screw the post marco !
the career politicians &quot; ones with no term limits &quot; are the ones that have caused this fiasco .
just talk talk talk .
rep. love , you are once again making a valid agruement .
negotiating means compromises offered from the president and not just republicans !
even if he does approve it , he will let the illegals have 1 st shots at the jobs !
please , repeal obamacare .
rachael , default would not have happened unless the president put paying our debt service low on his list of priorities .
ted poe ur full of it the tea party is a bunch of traitors , we will vote ur extrme self out ..... vote out gop in 2014 .... trolls
thanks mr. poe !
shame on fox having you on !
boehner and his lackeys did this , not the senate democrats .
repeal , allow portability and open up the market and get the government out of our face and our pocketbooks .
happy thanksgiving to you trey gowdy &amp; may you &amp; your family be blessed .
dr. ben carson &apos;s latest book &quot; more perfect union &quot; is one everyone should read and learn .
time to stand up for america before it is to late .
you don &apos;t have my support or vote sir .
mr rubio in my opinion u are the one to watch !
dear senator mccain , i just left one of our ww ! !
i &apos;ll be impressed when a flat tax is passed and everyone pays the same percentage of tax from their own pockets ... rich and poor alike should have to pay their fair share until the national debt is paid in full .
stay with it tim .
we will continue to support bringing the message of liberty and sound currency back to the republican party .
we do not want paul ryan he ia just another bonner .
stand up for us and oppose any infringement on our 2nd amendment rights .
gee we should all be so lucky to be raised in totally dysfunctional families with marxist / liberal socialist / communist to mold us .
ben sasse has no solution .
about the same as your rhino voting record .
vote to defund it .
enforce the second amendment , not tax us cause we want to live by our rights given by the constitution .
will do , james .
the interests of the united states are at stake here and for once the pres wants to do something right .
fyi , rand paul has the best of his fathers qualities without the foolish ideas ; the student is smarter than his teacher and has tweaked what doesn &apos;t work ; rand is a much better model than his dad ..... but remember , no one is perfect .
congressman you are beginning to sound like consummate politician .
in the meantime , we are facing a manufactured deadline to fund the government or it will shut down .
we had also better rethink our foreign aid policies .
how about that lindsey graham ?
thanks to those in congress who stand with rand paul and his fight for the rights of american people
less safe and the administration is making more and more enemies with their foreign policy and drone use .
congratulations mike ! ! ! ! !
johnson , as big of a joke as he is , showed that a third party ticket is viable .
you are an embarrassment to ohio on par with boehner .
obama is poop
amen amen amen
greta - you probably found sandra and my service in defense of this country despicable also .
praying god &apos;s will be done by our nation &apos;s leaders .
key question is what is border security ?
please hold a town hall soon .
in fact - the entire state of georgia rejected her vision for education when we - the voters - rejected the osd amendment on the november ballot .
blaine , i believe you voted for the cromnibus which funded all of government till octobe , which included the epa .
this man will do what other administrations should had done and yet did not care as much for them as they do themselves !
chris christie should change parties .
and those with pre-existing conditions should &quot; go broke &quot; ( unless it &apos;s someone in their families ! ? ?
you voted against the constitution you stabbed the people who elected you in the back .
thats why welfare is out of control ...
he needs to go ...
conservatives want less government !
insurance was the wrong method to begin with vern .
the imam , the leader of the prayer service , stated during his sermon that the muslim faith has been called a &quot; cancer that needs to be cut off from the american society . &quot;
first , remove obama .
be a hero and start impeachment proceedings and a vote of no confidence .
when will trey gowdy run for potus ?
nobody cares what you say lindsey
we can &apos;t afford 120 million welfare recipient foreign illegal aliens for our children and grand children .
time to pass a straight budget with no gimmicky add-ons about obamacare .
do what you can do arm the national guard in ga. flag at the white house should be at half staff
you should do all you can to prevent it , not go along with it like you have with everything else obama wants .
i hear mccain has accepted monies from george soros ? ?
why did you vote for john boehner to be speaker ?
dr. alveda king is continuing this legacy !
no way this corrupt admin .
graham should be strung up , he does not represent his constituents , or the people , he represents israel first .
you are the key to their misery , sir .
ms. devos has no experience in education administration or teaching .
please come watch the trial on january 26 , 2012 and watch us prove that obama is not eligible for the presidency !
the govt needs to drop the &quot; exemption &quot; from obamacare for govt employees .
how about giving the military power to go around obama ? .
well , obama needs to let haarry reid know that he wants some bills to view .
let him default , then impeach him , put the government right and pay the american debt
if rino is defined as anything to the left of pure libertarian then you &apos;re going to be really disappointed in politics .
just saw where you , marco , are still supporting trump , because you don &apos;t want hillary to win .
god bless our men and women who serve our country , that we may have freedom .
rand , you continue to be an epic disappointment when it comes to foreign affairs .
time to indite hillery , time to impeach obama , time to stand up for our constitution , and start taking our county back .
may he rest in peace sir
how does a senator from south carolina get a personal invitation to a very exclusive meeting with the bilderberg group ?
so let the lord and them live with it .
sir , you should be ashamed .
they are two brave christian men who understand what is going on and not afraid to stand up for our rights ! !
we need to stop passing laws that protecting police at the expense of our safety and our freedoms and start protecting our citizens mr paul !
&quot; i will stand behind the administration if they decide to hold this suspect as an enemy combatant . &quot;
irs is the most corrupt arm of our government .
i agree he should &apos;ve been the rep we all hoped for when he became speaker and it didnt happen .
this repeal can not happen unless we give the majority back to the republican party .. vote people !
why not be honest and tell your constituents that you don &apos;t really care what we think ?
bruce gets things done .
if you cant stand for something you will fall for anything .
quit lying to your constituents .
i thought the president has &quot; executive &quot; power over military so like shinedown sleep with your gun ya &apos;ll
wish you were here in florida
you have lost my vote for life .
take a well deserved pay cut , johnny , you quack .
why can &apos;t we find a conservative to challenge her ?
you &apos;re still the best mr. gowdy !
dr. paul was my vote during the primary .
too little , too late mr. paul ryan .
what do you expect from a socialist liberal obama white house and socialist reid with his socialist party followers .
trey gowdy , i think you are one of the few honest politicians left , but enough of the committees .
i liked paul ryan &apos;s speech last night and his ideas ... you guys have the house stick to your guns !
altough your story is sad , it still does not justify the obamacare plan .
so does your vote to fund obamacare .
you want no taxes , but do you drive on streets ?
god is alive and well and he wants us to understand this ! !
it is interesting that so many call for impeachment yet he has done nothing that even qualifies as an impeach able
please remember those moms and babies when you consider voting to defund planned parenthood .
if you support traditional marriage , mr. palazzo , then i suppose you also support polygamy , as for example , king david had over 400 wives , and king solomon had 700 wives plus 300 concubines , all blessed by god .
the congressman isn &apos;t exactly telling the truth about the &quot; free &quot; phones .
you went against the will of 90 % of the american people and we won &apos;t forget it when the election rolls back around .
yes but not israel
mr. mccain , i &apos;m losing the respect i had for you .
i like an answer mr .
all i got was that he wants to take credit for them possibly backing down .
conservatives have short memories conservatives think they have a monopoly on good ethics and morals , seems more like they have selective memory ; the corruption that overcame the republican establishment during their reign of terror was systemic and overwhelming .
in this case , there was the logical side , not to default and the whacko side of trying to take down this president and our country no matter the cost .
at least someone up on the hill cares about america !
the only ground that needs to be found is the ground in which the constitution is the law .
so when the republican presidents done it---it was apparently ok huh .
if you &apos;re at the firing range , out hunting , or it falls out of your pants at a nightclub , or you get stopped and frisked for a traffic offense .
right now i am visiting in south texas and all i am talking to are aghast of what is trying to be slipped by them !
he just gave iran a free pass to arm themselves with a nuke .
when you want to defend obama , you say , &quot; apparently they &apos;ve broken no laws &quot; .
hr 5 violates states &apos; rights under the united states constitution and is in violation of federal law .
dont know what the lord has in store for you .
i am pretty sure it would include selling anything we could to pay off the bills .
say what you mean and mean what you say .... kinda like &quot; i &apos;ll vote to defund obamacare &apos; then when it comes to a vote , you no longer want to defund obamacare ... so my wish is for a political candidate who will not lie to us !
we did and we are now a republican state ...
fair tax and term limits .
ben sasse , please do not capitulate .
harry reid bullied the senate when he was the majority leader .
he hates america almost as much as o , he probably loves being in an illegal wh
they do not hate us for our freedom and they never have !
our government and our country are nearing an end .
cuba must meet us part way .
you &apos;re there to do the peoples work , and by all polling and accounts , the people wanted boehner replaced .
it doesn &apos;t appear we will get term limits , but we can vet all candidates to ensure they are constitutionalist and conservative candidates .
i use to support mccain .
while you &apos;re at it , cut off funding for air force one .
of defense who does not support israel , netnenyahu will deal a lethal blow to egypt and iran when it is time - without including us !
sorry , no rubio vote here , he can &apos;t say one thing and has done something else like so many others , no vote for him or you here
it will take all of the time between this election and the next to get a solid 3rd party up and running .
you have in a sense blamed a single flag for something a mentally ill boy did .
blaze a leader trail in florida and i &apos;ll take another look at you .
they also said that roy blunt has never broken any laws and has one of the best ratings for congressional ethics records !
snyder , defies common sense &amp; logic by &quot; trusting obama &amp; his political appointees &quot; like he said he does !
wtg trey gowdy ! ! !
mr. crapo it &apos;s time to impeach these crooks .
i doubt that you will do anything for us if it goes against the republican party and the president .
chris christie is a left wing liberal in rino clothing .
and that &apos;s what impeachment is for
the president is enforcing the laws that were enacted by a republican administration and that &apos;s what is causing this crisis .
you and the rest of the republican congress have the power right now to end this .
how did mia love not win her election in utah ?
also , get rid of obamacare .
may god protect you and your family out of harms way .
if he doesn &apos;t win , it will be partly the fault of the gop which didn &apos;t support him enthusiastically .
this conservative will never vote for you .
i don &apos;t think we ought to send money to people who want to kill us .
afraid the moderate republicans will do the right thing and reopen ?
our government is destroying the core values we were built on in this once great country .
amash just said obama will veto it .
sad you gave them all they wanted
please stop it with the gop party line and listen to economists !
i vote we fire the pathetic excuses for social servants like sam graves who has lost sight of his mandate .
you &apos;re welcome in texas anytime sir and we are furious at his contempt for the constitution and the checks &amp; balances structure of our government .
no tax cuts for the rich ! !
i stand with the constitution our forefathers created ! ! ! !
no kxl !
how about obama is going to do this to all the ceos of the companies who received a bail out ?
god bless us to do god &apos;s will for us all .
they voted to repeal it yesterday !
and please vote for devos .
now he wants to make it impossible to vote him out .
thanks to obama care , no one will have health ins .
senator , then you &apos;re a traitor .
ted , please read the aca .
in other words mia you are against all those crook and old gop politicians and for trump and cruz ... dr. carson is great but he needs or trump or cruz .. the rest .. are democrats ...
i am a veteran who supports mitch 110 % .
the senate passed a comprehensive bipartisan immigration bill the house had the votes to pass it but the speaker refused to bring it to a vote .
you could do better then faux news , sen. enzi .
senator cruz is exposing congress-wimp-corruption !
when are we going to get rid of all the duplications in washington and return to more state control ?
we are talking about obama now because he is our president
we really cant help other countries with aid untul we have cleaned up our own balance sheet .
just how many billion does the army corps of engineers get that is on top of the already gross overspending on our military ?
it looks really bad on vern when you delete his constituents &apos; comments .
think about this mark , castro was one of obama &apos;s heroes .
i still say impeach the crook and his crooked cronies .
if a school wants freedom from accountability , then they shouldn &apos;t be funded by tax payer dollars .
senator roberts did quite a good job yesterday in the hearing aimed at hhw secretary sebelius in asking her point blank to resign in response to the obamacare train wreck .
refresh my memory , mr. gowdy , why are you not running for president ? ?
they are all afraid of this president because they all know he is a puppet .
that flag did not cause the death of those wonderful people at emanuel church .
thx scott
heartsick and praying for all involved .
the rino &apos;s need to go , period !
sc will remember the things you have done and said the past few years .
and you are wrong for america , rand !
israel is his ultimate target .
close the borders and deport illegal aliens .
nothing less than what we would expect out of an american hating mo good for nothing so called prez
remember paul revere .
this is not in the constitution
carnahan is stuck on obama &apos;s attention !
glenn beck besides savage is pretty much all we got .
praying does nothing but assuage the feelings of those not involved .
the american people elected obama president in 2008 and by an even larger majority in 2012. this america the republicans talk about is only in their minds .
don &apos;t forget about the seven senators that asked the irs to do this .
there is nothing that will ever convince me to watch msnbc , not even the intelligent and talented mia love .
i respect you sir and most generally support you ; however , if not you , then who ; if not now , then when we politicians do the right thing and stop spending beyond our means ?
iran and north korea mock the president &apos;s weak-kneed foreign policy , and the administration has insulted our allies while grovelling before our enemies .
happy thanksgiving to you and your love ones mr greg .
who are our enemies .
it is way past time for our elected representatives to start representing &quot; we the people &quot; instead of &quot; we the controllers ! &quot;
it &apos;s looking awful bleak for you johnny .
sure wish we had some of our founding fathers around right now
i applaud you scott desjarlais for doing what you said you would do if voted into office .
where does harper and kelly stand ?
preventing fiscal cliff is your direct responsibility now congressman .
and what is the gop going to do about it ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
well said ... the liberals are really out of control n reality thanks to 8 yrs of dems stay strong n continue to fight for us mr gowdy
ask obama where his budget has been for the past 4 years ...
when george washington found a traitor in the ranks he put them in front of a firing squad .
rand paul , why have one of you in a position to do so not started impeachment charges for treason against obama ?
my only hope is in jesus christ .
johnny i &apos;m with you !
our government is corrupted to the core and i no longer trust it .
enough is enough , people talk about entitlements , but , nothing is ever done .
close our borders right now .... impeach him if you have to .. time to stand for america ...
johnny sands ; could you please tell me which of the 20 children and 6 adults killed in newtown you consider to be criminals ?
what you mean is to forget what we the people want and give in to this president and his party .
about time ryan .
please listen to your constituents and change your mind .
should have been done during the bush administration when republicans controlled the government .
because cnn is maing like the 4 other liberal news operations and trying to dupe the public into thinking obama &apos;s agenda is right .
harry reid and obama were the cause of the shut down , please try not to be so ignorant .
and i &apos;m not even from south carolina .
mr. president this is comment # 128 of 1514 comments i will send to the white house during your second term .
luv my man mccain
obama won &apos;t sign anything that isn &apos;t exactly what he wants .
please keep up the good work and may god bless you mr. ted .
all for 50 permanent jobs and all the risk and the delay the recovery of the us oil field where 50,000 have already been laid off .
oh , how i love your bold spirit .. rand !
of course they will blame the repubs they know no other way , actually they will blame bush .
my great , great grandmother came over in the land run , and all generations lived in oklahoma till my mom left in 1942 with my grandma so my grandma could get work .
according to obama , if we don &apos;t go along with whatever he wants , the world is coming to an end .
he is doing something you do nothing pass the dam immigration bill .
impeach this j a in the wh or arrest him for treason &amp; aiding the enemy !
criminal or not granted good ole reagan !
congrates johnny , hope yall have a great time tonight
the current ploy to hold our nation ransom – because republicans don &apos;t like a law that was passed – is cowardly , self-serving , and quite frankly should warrant immediate removal from office for all congressional representatives involved .
obama gets away with everything , stop him now !
the fbi revealed that colin powell and condoleezza rice used same private server where they ran classified information over .
by the way , all : mr. coffman should not be recalled , but he is up for re-election next year and may need a primary challenge from a conservative .
happy new year mr tim scott : )
no to raised debt ceiling .
calling on god and listening to him is part of your job .
washington does not need anymore rinos .
go rand paul , i &apos;m behind you .
i got my ballot today and found that cruz , carson and kasich were still on the ballot .
and romney will win but we can only hope that enough care about liberty to keep ron paul a close second .
amen mia we are with you 100 %
may god bless ted cruz as he struggles to help the american people
praying for you senator moran !
remove the flag
speaker boehner is becoming another harry ried .
come on in to texas just about everyone here has something for ya .
the president and the senate are the ones who stopped this country .
hopefully you will listen to your constituents who overwhelming want to see a no vote for betsy devos .
you have not been consistent in your core conservative beliefs .
that amendment would be : all current members and employees of the executive , legislative , and judicial branches must forfeit their current taxpayer funded health insurance plans and join obamacare just like any other american .
more blame , less results , and more bureaucracy to { fix } nothing.appreciate you standing , but almost wish you &apos;d have stood out with other republicans who did .
let &apos;s get rid of taxes !
this nation was founded on one principle above all else : the requirement that we stand up for what we believe , no matter the odds or the consequences .
lol rand has been speaking out on tsa abuses for a very long time .. read people .. please ... * eyeroll
close the borders at all costs to all illegals .
feel like we voted you guys to be up there and nothing will improve ! ! !
maybe he should fire 1 of the 3 chefs on air force one .
thanks mr lindsey graham and with obama in there no-one is safe and can give an inch .
and you vote to fund obamacare , congratulations .
and how do we in oklahoma help ?
certainly do not want to see someone like him or that believes like he does take over .
going rino .
stop the illegal executive amnesty , don &apos;t feed us the line of b.s.
we already have sent a message now it &apos;s up to you guys to do something about it
mr. obama just keeps on spending and spending with no end in sight .
honestly , given that the republican party is letting trump tromp all over the place uncontested and ad-hominem his way to a nomination , why are you even running as a republican ?
the gop hates them
i am a southern baptist so i won &apos;t give anything up for lent , but i gave up on any hope for the country about 4 years ago after seeing how obama runs it .
over the years people have used that flag wrongfully .
&quot; why rand was right to endorse romney &quot; by jack hunter : http : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? feature = player _ embedded &amp; v = eri52undhe4
if you won &apos;t protect our rights , someone else can be voted in who will !
why doesn &apos;t the gop grow some testicles and impeach his sorry ass ? ?
go mr. poe , go ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
the president is proposing to freeze funding levels that are 22 percent higher than they were in 2008 .
yep &amp; we all know those responsible !
wtf ... when is rand going to listen to his dad ? ?
belief no airplanes hit the twin towers on 9 / 11 .
john mccain is a great man ! ! ! ! ! !
the supreme court does not have the authority to write legislation so therefore that was unconstitutional .
i believe cutting the cell phone tax is the best 1st step for the citizens who have been hurt so badly by the regime &apos;s national economy .
you the best and jason chaffetz from utah
i also know he said it will be a waste of his time if he does not get it .
rand , if this is your stance , you &apos;ll need more than facebook to reach the populous .
there is no negotiation of our constitutional rights ! !
i &apos;m praying for you and this country , hope all is well with you and the family .
with emily cain we need a sweater ?
failure to do that is disenfranchising voters and / or the equivalent to a poll tax .
and the liar-in-chief commands raises , time to repeat 1776
in arms to arrest holder and obama .
i &apos;ve been watching it dance here in houston ak .
i believe this man obama is the anti -christ .
armored vehicles cut them up and sold as scrap .
look at europe or any country with socialist medicine .
@ gus , greg harper doesn &apos;t care .
whether i agree with rand paul or not , i commend his actual filibuster instead of the weak single vote objection most filibusters occur with .
this president thinks we &apos;re all going to sit still while he destroys our country .
amen &amp; amen !
but congress has not been successful in even slowing obama &apos;s attack on our laws and coinstitution .
ted cruz answered general harry reid de santa ana with a cannon shot .
of ciurse that was the good old days of liberty
i like and have sent checks ( albeit small ones ) to rubio , carson - and non candidate allen west .
i hope everyone gives him a fair opportunity to perform as speaker .
and if you really wanted to be &quot; fair &quot; then let &apos;s go with a flat tax and everyone pay 30 % in income tax .
mchenry described as a rino and a right wing teabagger in the same discussion .
lee - you mean mr. obama chose his own name ?
it &apos;s time to remind you mr. john mccain and others in the united states senate that they took an oath to support and defend the constitution and until they get with the program ... the american people will view them as in violation of that oath .
i am also conservative .
what if 2016 could be like 1776 and we could actually take back our country ?
james comey has not put a blemish on the fbi .
mia for prez someday : )
don &apos;t let it go just cause he let shenseki go ... that &apos;s what this admin does
all these politicians did not care that it is treason to subvert the usa constitution and all need to be in jail
he is a strong ally for our military and will serve sc well .
don &apos;t be surprised when people start shouting &quot; shame on you &quot; wherever you go : you did not listen to your constituents .
these people do not want us on their land , tanks and armed gaurds on their streets , dropping drones in their neighborhoods .
i applaud you , sir , for keeping your promise to not simply get rid of this program without replacing it .
but the friken epa / and wild life foundation does given orders by obama .
you consistently voted to support obama .
before we boot the whole lot out of our houses n stop paying for you to party on our dime
while it &apos;s sickening what happened in oklahoma , , , life in the rest of the world goes on .
you need to be the next speaker .
cruz and paul are still my favorite candidates .
hooooooooooray for rand ! !
obama is going to win in 2012 anyway .
mr. gowdy , why haven &apos;t they started impeachment proceedings against obama ?
and you better pray there will be doctors .
most of you have no idea .
2 ) demand that we enforce all current immigration laws .
i suppose you would favor selling all federal land at fair market value to haliburton , so they can frack on it .
i &apos;m completely against repeal and replace if it means costing us billions just to replace and costing millions of people their jobs .
betrayed--that &apos;s your legacy now mr johnny rino !
to all who are disrespecting god , keep god out of this .
i believe the president didn &apos;t know what in the world he was talking about ... he said our military doesn &apos;t do little hits but then on the other hand he says we should wait for congress to decide ... make up your mind mr. president !
nice to have someone from sc to represent us .
they are treasonous traitors to this country and our soldiers .
so i come back to see how marsha responded to the questions and , she never appeared ?
even if it goes all the way to obama himself .
i am sure that you know she is unqualified .
instead of defending the constitution , he has been voting to dismantle it .
back to the swamp with you , sir .
what do you propose , tom , more government &quot; investment &quot; and additional debt monetization ?
why are y &apos;all not having meeting at the white house &amp; in the senate to try and avoid these crazy cuts !
could have used a little more of this a few months ago .
yeah rand , make obama say he &apos;ll never use missiles on americans too .
but god bless you mr. rand .
we need conservative leadership , not more go along to get along .
he has put america in debt more than all of the other presidents put together ... time to make some sense .
you rino pos ! ! ! !
any u.s. citizen qualified for any job that an illegal alien is holding should be able to bump that illegal alien for that job as long as he or she is qualified for the job .
you have been in office way too long with huge talk but no action like the rest corrupted politicians .
obamacare and obama
we must impeach and try hrh bo ( and his criminal thugs ) , for high crimes , and where applicable , treason !
rep. elise stefanik you are a hazard to the american people .
you are a great defender of the constitution .
i &apos;m done with you sir .
the commerce clause of course !
obamacare rolled out , and all things america came to a halt .
good job vp john thune : )
i pray you are booed off stage .
and now the debt ceiling .
so maybe just maybe the people of south carolina should let you down when it comes to re-elect you .
we need marco rubio .
lets call the commie what he is and socialist don &apos;t grab it ..... he hates all of us and i think he should leave and let us run our country and he can go dictate over china , or russia or wherever he feels he &apos;s one with the cause !
marsha , name one constructive thing you &apos;ve done to help americans .
dave , hold a town hall event .
no he isn &apos;t gary .
it absolutely should be on the table for discussion .
god bless you &amp; your family
baloney paul ryan - looks like you should be voted out .
shut up and support trump you rino weakling .
rand keep up the good fight .
impeach the traitor / tyrant .
obama needs to stop supporting terrorism .
i think that your decision is arrogant to discount millions of concerns raised throughout the country let alone in the state of wyoming .
i am greatly concerned with obamacare .
an attack on the people and the constitution is under foot , and any politician who chooses to do so shall do it at their own peril .
my thoughts , the arrows in the eagle talons of the presidential seal were gifted to a country who hates america .
imagine that - there was actually a time in america when the president was a learned man who spoke his mind , unlike our current useless , spineless nancy-boy racist , wannabe dick-tator and pothead .
please stand against obamacare .
please pray that we get an honest american , constitutional loving candidate who has the willingness to put america back on track .
we want to keep our money and have less government ! !
i &apos;m betting trump is going to win ... and people like paul ryan know it now .
then ; show our new president support and build that wall , repeal obamacare and abolish the irs , blm and every other alphabet soup agendcy that has over-reached their authority !
take your obama care and shove it !
thanks jerry , stand strong .
rand paul , please stop this spending bill !
you keep wasting my tax payer dollars voting to dismantle or defund the affordable care act .
no the republicans came up with the bill to be sure the military is paid and have tried to negotiate with this president .
sending paul ryan a youtube copy of what you said !
prove your not a rhino talk is cheap !
when we put god first he will once again bless our nation .
go get em sc patriots ! !
just like obummer is the first black president and he was a big disapointment ! ! !
let &apos;s get them out first , then create a conservative 3rd party .
even one of your own referred to the republican party as the &quot; stupid &quot; party .
from this action can he now be impeached ?
hats off to you tom .
i &apos;d like to see congress have to purchase their own medical insurance , pay their own travel expense &amp; since the gov .
he should have been impeached long ago !
mr congressman you will not get my vote ever again ! ! ! !
wish we could impeach him but that will never happen .
yo mr paul , stop whining and do something , impeach the enemy in chief .
please stand united against obamacare !
the biggest problem we have right now is no one can believe anything this president says .
if this is true , i will pray for you that god will forgive you when your time comes .
epa has way too much power and don &apos;t even need anyone &apos;s permission to use it .
i would like to hear what you said too senator but i cannot believe a word he says .
it has become apparent that obama doesn &apos;t care what is best for americans , he only cares about what he wants .
we have more debt than all of europe put together -- the only reason we are not bankrupt is because we keep printing more money which makes any you have in savings worth less and less .
conservatives continually callout liberals for being overly sensitive .
sir , can you advise me on part of the constitution that i am confused about .
at the same time , the obama administration had issued a number of executive orders that have changed or delayed portions of the law .
sen thune explained the region is very complicated and when you deal with leaders of foreign nations that cannot be trusted , you end up with more problems than you started out with .
support the zadroga act and gain some dignity !
when are they going to seat senator scott brown ?
semper fidelis sir .
you know , since the supreme court has ruled against the foundation of our liberty by violating states rights that used to be protected in the original united states constitution , we all have become slaves to a government ruled by old fashioned dictators .
rep. paul gosar , i listened to the oral arguments - and it does not look very good for our side .
if you sincerely care about american &apos;s welfare , oppose cloture .
doesn &apos;t matter ... boehner and mitch will cave like they always do to keep obummer happy .... spineless pathetic sorry excuse for humans .
i bet snowden knows stuff that would drop our jaws ! !
.... congress allows obama to play dictator and his vindictive actions are of no concern to the congress .
please senator rand paul from the headlines on foxnews.com : &quot; president obama , in his first public comments on controversial trade of five taliban prisoners for sgt .
you may not like our president , but he has committed no impeachable offenses .
rand is not a politican but a concerned citizen that is concerned for the future of our state and our country .
if you did &apos;t see senator mccain on tv this am explaining why this is all so wrong , then you really missed something .
simple obama logic !
yeah , because chris christie knows all about foreign policy .
you got it mitch !
president george w. bush
me and my wife have spent thousands of dollars and have waited to get her permanent status here in america .
it &apos;s ok i &apos;d fly behind this wacko bird any day ... better than a bunch of doe doe birds ...
the republican party is finished as a party with the current leadership and unless it is taken over by others that aren &apos;t cowardly it will be doa .
i totally agree mia love .
no surprise whatsoever !
let &apos;s see , ya &apos;ll can vote this down now , or let the new guys in town vote it down in 2014 .
if you vote for cloture , you no longer have my support , sir ! !
no thanks to you &amp; the other gop rhinos that not only didn &apos;t back him , but bashed him in the media .
paul , cruz , lee , and the op are all higher on my list than ryan and rubio for now .
am i actually liking a john mccain post ?
it &apos;s good to know there are a select few politicians who are standing up for the american people and the constitution .
great , dr. larry , i hope you can get rid of the health care ..
i love marco rubio ! ! !
in fact , close down dhs and save a boat load of cash .
what is the constitutional authority for hr 358 ?
you should have a talk with bill gates who is complaining about the cuts in aid to foreign countries .
we need a wall on the border and we need it post haste !
so alright act dont just keep talking &amp; talking &amp; do nothing !
unbelievablely sad day for liberty and the constitution .
he has the proven experience to handle such a critical job .
the american people are tired of being controlled by a government that only cares about the power in its kingdom of dc and a lying media that is just interested in ratings not truth .
if you really want senators to show where they stand on an issue ... then have them stand with rand with a fillibuster .
fiat tax l agree
mccain - get on board to make america great again .
it is not the action of a true conservative republican and vast numbers of us out here across the country have taken note .
my problem here is that mitt romney has been parroting conservative values and ideas on the campaign trail like there is no tomorrow , yet his actions as governor of ma paint a different picture of him .
please repeal it ... you all do not know the bad effects it already has on us here in texas .
no brainer .... you &apos;re first duty is to protect the american people .
i understand speaker boehner has said the house will work only nine days in september .
please keep fighting for us ( america ) there &apos;s a lot of us standing beside you mr trey gowdy !
obama voted for all the things he is blaming bush for .
love ya mia love .. !
let &apos;s see how long it will take you to swing the other way and sing the tune of your gop comrades graham and mccain .
too bad you &apos;re in utah .
it does not matter to him what we say , but i do pray that he does take into account what the american people want and that is for us to leave syria alone , turn our ship back now .
thanks ryan for nothing !
about time that mr. ryan has enough courage to stand with the parties nominee .
among them are : requiring federal approval to close post offices which are not financially self-sufficient .
don &apos;t you impeachment papers to be drawing up ?
how about dusting off that constitution again and reviewing what congress is really supposed to be doing for the people ( hint : it has more to do with the people than special interests ) .
the majority of americans do not support the aca and want a return to the constitutional government of our forefathers .
his resignation effective immediately .
sanford has always done what is good for s.c. , best gov .
trump did it without you paul ryan !
america stands with israel but not so sure about this president or his administration .
put it on speaker .
right now cuba is an island prison .
oh , and please vote no on devos .
free trade has killed this nation , all while feeding our enemies economy and military .
thomas jefferson said that the purpose of the government was to keep people in control ( righteously ) and the constitution is suppose to keep the government from getting into mischief .
i &apos;m sorry but the timing of petreus &apos; resignation is suspect - it &apos;s way too convenient .
the only thing you need to do mr. trey gowdy is put killary in jail forever ! !
you should already know the main issues , sir .
have fun running and failing , rubio .
next thing after squashing obama care is to start charges of treason on obama .
@ matthew douglas : according to the us constitution , we live in a republic - not in a democracy , not in a plutocracy - where the law of the land is us constitution !
secure our border &apos;s , arrest all illegal &apos;s , deport them , and if they want to make a change in the immigration law , change the law on anchor babies !
in addition , &apos; the enemy of my enemy is my friend . &apos;
he has taken too many vacations .
betsy devos has no qualifications for this post other than her $ 9 million dollar donation .
so if you arent willing to take it all the way dont waste our time !
i hope and pray other will join you to save our country .. god bless .
thank the lord you got the nomination .
the massholes got robamney reelected , don &apos;t blame this on paul .
mr. sasse how about you run for president ?
thanks for spending 34 million of my tax dollars on this tea party extravaganza , mr. christianity .
i wonder where your fellow conservative republicans and god fearing democrats were last night .
barry is a dictator who doesn &apos;t love america !
most of the republicans do not have the back bone to stand up to obama .
i don &apos;t understand what the problem is ...... nixon was gone in no time , for the few mistakes he did , so why is there such a problem trying to impeach obama for all that he has done ? ?
he has shown he &apos;s all talk and no action .
no families need to be separated , they should all be encouraged to go back to their countries and join each other .
know senate may have not got the votes to impeach , but we have seen no real effort to check this man .
who in their right mind wants the irs in charge of their healthcare ? ? ? ? ?
i was not happy with him voting for the bill until i got mr. palazzo &apos;s email where he stated he voted for cromnibus because it only funded currently obamacare spending ; funded immigration until march with limited money to dhs and decreased spending for irs .
at one point , rep. steve king ( r-ia ) noted that the sergeant-at-arms of the house of representatives had to come down to the floor to restore order after democrats loudly protested the effort by the republican party to block president obama &apos;s planned executive amnesty .
sorry lindsey but obamas nothing more than a muslim plant in the white house , all he intends to do is steal everything he can and already has .
you should be ashamed at your betrayal of south dakota .
stop the spending cut our debt .
rand rocks .
rep. blackburn said , &quot; i think there should be some sort of pathway to legalization . &quot;
you are from nc and know the state of our education system .
rubio &amp; ryan are traitors who wants to sell this country out to 20 million current illegals &amp; 100 million more future illegals these legalized illegals will bring if granted amnesty .
absolutely go obama , go back to kenya , they really need another hustler and thug !
you like the way obama is using the position of president to try new things that other presidents had way too much class to do , like spending time on jay leno ?
fix our tax code rand !
you may not like the what certain pork is spent , but i am certain that several resident here in the state of texas does not agree with where gov perry spends our tax $ as well as the fed $ that he has his hands out for all the time .
rand if this isn &apos;t stopped they could be used against us ! ! ! !
vote ron paul .
like you did everything you could to help the republican ticket this year ... hmmm .
demand the national guard and demand not a dime without the us citizens to see what is happening to our border !
and where does the constitution give the federal government the right to give someone else my money ?
trevor , i would not claim james is an idiot .
in a hope that it will give obama iran for a dinner ?
i suggest you think before patting yourself on the back , and start considering a plan b after this term is up .
father by your hand use harsh measures against the devils in our american government in jesus name amen .
there is no simple fix .
only 1.75 % of all k-12 students enrolled in georgia public education are in a charter school ( october 2016 ) .
just enforce the current immigration law ! just enforce the current immigration law !
little or nothing has stood in his way , even our elected representative &apos; s stand idle and let him destroy us .....
let them all go play gold ... it will cost the american taxpayer less .
my dear sir , unless there is a real review of us policy in the middle east , a few billion dollars in aid is neither enough a carrot no a stick in the grand scheme of things .
i like it when you an trey gowdy tag team to catch the bad guys .
..... just like your immigration bill marco
think of it this way .... if there was an election tomorrow , obama would be re-elected &amp; you would be out .
trey gowdy .. you rock ...
i watched you on fox news this morning .
please hang in there mr gowdy !
we want our pow free and back home where he belongs .
each one of the people who lied about the ambassadors being killed have received promotions and now the irs and rice and so will clinton .
no revenue .
please just because you in the rnc stand up for what is right for god and this country.please do not back him just because of rnc.go independent you would win
obama has shown ineptness in every single thing he has tried to do as president .
please work with ted cruz and stop this .
impeachment proceedings would be a great idea .
4 ) vote to remove john boehner as speaker of the house .
i sometimes wonder if the trolls that we see here are even oklahoma citizens .
king obama ! !
there must be sufficient money because our president just sent $ 1 million to the president of iran !
senator how do we get comey out of office .
i am a pro marco person , but basically all i am hearing from the republican establishment is that the people must not be smart enough to choose who they want to represent them .
it is obvious that the obama administration is anti-american and anti-law .
you are a little too late , paul ryan---where were you when all this evil began---why didn &apos;t you organize a group of your peers and do something then .
( i am now supporting ben carson as a 2016 candidate - having petitions signed , standing out at the polls holding up signs promoting him , a bumper sticker on my car , educating family and friends about him .
we just got out of war and are bringing our troops home and our men and country are tired of war .
no more entitlements or socialists policies bankrupting the us economy .
i kinda like rand paul .
if we can &apos;t have trey ... how about rep. ryan zinke , a former navy seal team six commander
they been doing it all over the nation !
steven only the congress can levy a tax , not the executive branch .
well when are you and all the rest of our state and federal officials going to take obama down ?
resign gowdy ... you are an amnesty supporting fraud .
the problem comes from the thousands of times obama declared he wouldn &apos;t negotiate .
it &apos;s the people &apos;s money and if charlie christ is &quot; conservative &quot; , what happened to the surpluses ?
mia love , you are beautiful and smart .
... so perhaps we should increase taxes ( or tariffs , as jefferson preferred ) to avoid the debt of which he speaks .
it has to start with obama and work its way down including lynch !
also kill the senate immigration bill .
please tell the party to drop the absurd gasoline tax idea !
just an old rhino that needs to be put out to pasture
this administration is out of control with the hardware we have built !
while you &apos;re at it ... get rid of boehner !
all of you who think obamacare will provide &apos; affordable &apos; healthcare haven &apos;t seen the deductibles !
good work , sir !
he blessed us with you serving in congress for us .
bless you mia love !
was charging exorbitant tariffs on commerce across its border .
to fix that would require huge tax increases and cutting the budget by 40 % .
may the lord keep on giving you his annointing to continue to do such excellent work .
you had the opportunity to end this at the senate commity but decided that you &apos;d rather just act like you listen to your constituents .
i hate jeb , christie and rubio .
unfortunately , too many other republicans lacked the intestinal fortitude to take a stand .
no information , about these laws , were given to the senate and congress before the vote , the same as obama care .
no and i don &apos;t want to see a chicken little congress who is afraid to stand up to him .
no more money you have already wasted enough to wreck our country ! ! ! !
why does the president need to be in the company of known terrorist supporters ?
and quit releasing prisoners , sending money overseas , etc
congressman graves is a honorable man and deserves the respest that all people in congress does wether we agree with them or not .
while you &apos;re at it support rand paul in blocking the sale of arms to saudi arabia .
there was much that the president spoke about that needs to be done , including overhauling the tax code .
we held to the typical myths most americans have regarding israel and were once huge cheerleaders for israel .
the gov &apos;t needs to stay out of our lives and allow us to govern our selves ! !
bob - so as long as the greens / renewables spend money to stall legislation , that makes a bill &quot; not worthy &quot; ?
if he &apos;s going to continue ignoring the constitution and pretty much saying screw you congress when is it going to be enough for yall to prosecute his butt ?
please rand , t ry and get on trump &apos;s cabinet to oversee waste !
dennis clean air is one thing killing jobs and taxing revenue from towns what &apos;s wrong .
let me tell u something mr mccain your service in vietnam was commendable but your continued undermining of our newly elected president is unacceptable and has caused me to lose a great deal of respect for you
we better get our house in order or greece will look like a drop in the bucket compared to our collapse .
oklahoma doesn &apos;t have very many immigrants .
let obama do his will .
james , your the kind of godly man we need speaking up on our behalf !
what they do not realize is that we are the ones that pay taxes and our money goes to their lifestyle .
why then , did you support the patriot act under bush ?
god help us if we don &apos;t get rid of that person in the white house and his u.s. hating wife , who spends our money with no regard for the people
your comments are too little , too late ... paul ryan .
two presidents of two different parties have repeatedly called upon congress to pass a second large amnesty .
based upon what i &apos;ve been able to find out about this bill , there are no spending cuts !
• trump will end politicized doj , fbi , irs , etc .
if you decide to run on an independent / third party ticket let me know i can work for you in florida
congress seems unconcerned that obama hates the usa .
term limits and no pension for elected politicians !
you want to do what you want to do and not what the good people of tn want you to do .
talk is cheap , and we all talk about it here and elsewhere , but when is something actually going to be done about it ? ?
why can &apos;t the generals arrest obummer and charge him with treason against our country .
utah has no oceanic ports yet texas does .
yes we will pray .
i love how impeachment comes up in every breath of so many anti-obama people .
if the debt ceiling causes a government shut down , congress will not stop taking a paycheck .
i &apos;m glad you love your south carolina schools &apos; football teams .
lets try this ..... instead of a bipartisan agreement to let our jobs leave why not export the illegals first , give us americans the jobs then open the pipeline from canada !
i hope washington gets the message that the american people will never break free of the debt mentality if our government can &apos;t do the same thing .
great article in usa today rand !
before you find your 3rd party candidate go to the parents of the victims of benghazi and tell them you &apos;re ok with a hillary presidency you sir are not a patriot but the worst offender of liberty
the time for the rino is not now !
pro-life , pro-freedom , pro-states rights , libertarian style party .
the truth mr. edward bramley is that none of this is the governments business .
mccain war crimes are far greater than most people know .
we must take control if the senate and undo obamas damage
too bad georgia doesn &apos;t have a republican senator .
what a disgrace , castro won the jack pot of the century and we got nothing .
he is that powerful ... he gave our troop to nato because he can &apos;t be commander in chief .... just the commander in thief .
john mccain will always be a hero !
i just wonder how we are going to educate the other half of the country who seems to think obama &apos;s way is the right way .
if we haven &apos;t been able to achieve a zero balance since the introduction of income tax then we need to change the way it is done .
if obama had any guts what so ever he would of put those taxes up front .
it looks more like $ 2 million on rand &apos;s site , am i being too optimistic ?
all policy issues aside , she is simply unqualified for this position .
the house should not pass any immigration bills .
sure paul message sent and congrats on 12 win !
mia , be the next generation of representatives to reinvigorate everything that is good and wholeselm about america
can you explain that to me b / c i know you are against obamacare .
johnny is this the civilian army bo said he wanted to build with all the power and might of our armed forces .
i &apos;m a small business owner in sc and i couldn &apos;t afford insurance before .
marco you fooled me the first time and i voted for you .
final mr ryan
he will cite the constitution when it is convenient for him but never abides by it or respects the context of freedom and responsibility .
lindsey graham ( r-sc ) , john mccain ( r-az ) and kelly ayotte ( r-nh ) in a statement monday .
no taxes .
to repeal it you have to have the numbers that don &apos;t exist in congress right now .
i am glad marco rubio humbled himself !
and they know the between them and obama there are no good jobs in the private sector for them to go to .
good questions , greg .
when the house of representatives and the senate , which was given to the republican party by the voters , seriously takes on the president and goes after him then i will start to have more faith in us being able to do anything to preserve our rights and freedoms .
kerry fought for his country and won medals for valor while marsha did nothing , rand paul , did nothing , ted cruz born in canada , did nothing .
the constitution is not to be questioned or debated ... period .
tomorrow morning ( thursday ) senators roy blunt and marco rubio are putting a bill on the floor of the senate to allow all employers -- not just religious organizations -- to deny insurance coverage for birth control and any other medical service they find &quot; morally objectionable . &quot;
i don &apos;t agree with everything he says but at least he &apos;s honest &amp; says what he believes &amp; not just what he thinks someone wants to hear which is what politicians do !
c . 6 months is long enough .
go home marco .
obama wants iran to have nukes - to eventually ( tragically ) phase in his no-nukes philosophy .
wimps in washington they are no better than him
we have a cancer in government and need major surgery ... please help good dr .
no budge !
thanks mia !
i am hoping you understand that as our legislator that you need to have an in person town hall
closing gitmo won &apos;t stop the terrorists from recruiting &amp; wanting to kill us !
the us caused the coup of victor yanukovich and now they act like they had nothing to do with the problems in ukraine and that it is all mr. putin &apos;s fault and he must fix the mess that they created with the eu &apos;s help .
why isn &apos;t fox reporting on the house gop gutting the office of congressional ethics ?
you split the vote on the rnc now .
what an embarrassment to even consider not voting no on devos !
if they can &apos;t afford ins .
well tim scott why don &apos;t you do what the majority of conservatives are calling for and head up an impeachment process followed by charges of treason ?
you &apos;re a day late and a dollar short chief .
what &apos;s with mitch mcconnel ? ? ?
i saw you , sen. cruz !
correct me if i am wrong but mr mccain is a politician and he is directing his comments at the private sector .
hell no ! ! ! !
what will the republicans do to stop this lawless , unconstitutional president ?
amen that is why sc loves tim scott he is out working for our state and it &apos;s people
notice poe is for the most part staying away from that bs .
i am more concerned with out of control federal spending the next four generations cannot afford .
sell out lindsay s c needs to get rid of this career politician ..... .
we need more of the one &apos;s that will stand up for our constitution .
i voted # 41. god bless and prayers for a victory .
speaker boehner has a lot riding on this he &apos;s one of those republicans from a suburban district .
god bless you trey ; you are in my prayers as your work is vital to restoring the principles our country was built upon !
next they won &apos;t secure the borders until 2017 if they even do it then ! !
rand paul was my pick .
how much money did you receive from the devos family ?
you stand firm and make this nation a country feared by others for our fight for right .
that &apos;s why senate minority leader harry reid is endorsing him .
and you i expect you to be on the floor the next time this president thinks he is above questioning .
good , but not great repeal it .
obama has done nothing for this country .
yeah i agree now how about you guys in the house and senate do something about it ! ! !
i support your effort , however , holder did not say he would not use drones to kill americans if he judges they are combatants .
now he funnels taxpayer dollars to our enemies of which he is one ! !
just was talking about rand paul today with a friend at church , we need someone like him in 2016
it is extremely embarrassing to our state of tennessee that you are blindly supporting someone so absolutely unqualified .
then tell me why it is a policy of the republican party to oppose anything put forward by the president , even if it something previously proposed by the republicans .
our constitution upheld .
close the embassies and bring all americans home if we have to .
let there be no government
s.c. deserves better .
he was wrong for what he did in charleston .
further , they should defund the senate if reid attempts to use the nuclear option regarding the filibuster ! !
i disagree with you sir how much money was he paid by the garudian for the information he gave to them and this program has been going on for years and he is so upstanding why is he hiding like a coward
their are no conversations it is just obama saying &quot; i want , i want , i want &quot; .
! it is our right to the constitution and everything in the constitution , not just this one .... &quot; the senate should not be voting on the 2nd amendment , period -- they are not a constitutional convention ... they are out of order . &quot;
internet sales will drop also because if we have to pay a state tax and then shipping on top of that it will make no sense to order on line .
he is an oath keeper in the highest office in our nation !
the republican party and conservative right-wingers care nothing for the child once it is born .
you paul ryan , and all other republican politicians , that bad mouthed trump to the world should be ashamed of yourselves .
my senator , voted for him , only one response when i was in south carolina , no response for that either !
91 % of american lovely people are against war , why mr obama listen just for the 9 % who want war , where is the will and opinion of the 91 % in this formula ?
it will stop obamacare in its tracks .
absolutely , the stand your ground law is basic common sense .
sorry , gringos , no amnesty for you either , and no jail time - they are full .
another scumbag politician who lies to get elected , you wont get my vote next time you pos !
rand , why are they trying to incite war in america ? ?
mr. gowdy , i &apos;ve watched you during some hearings and have a deep respect for your passion regarding the law .
carly is to the point and passionate .
replace majority leader in senate too !
glad to see a fiscal conservative in the peoples seat .
bruce we need to talk next week , i &apos;m state of maine alcohol drug counselor 12.5 yrs sober wrote a book called the man overboard pls google my name darryl hagar making movie about my life with jhn travolta and heard you were involved in anti heroin .
this 9 dollar wage increase well the payroll taxes went up now figure this we will be right back to where we were before the tax increase no difference but some with no brain will fall for it
to have freedom you must have limits on that freedom .
balanced budget , spending cuts on failed programs
maybe when your up for reelection next time the voters of south carolina will choose not to support or vote for you .
great briley richmond pass the buck is the norm .
are you at ron paul rally ?
and yes we do need to cut , otherwise we will continue to go deeper into debt and will end up spending more on the interest of our debts than the programs themselves .
make the zadroga bill happen or quit going around telling people you have a conscience .
however even w / that bush has come no where near obama &apos;s debt .
does anyone know when this clown is having town hall meeting ?
i agree 100 % with mia love and her supporters after all i am a supporter or was any way .
obama does nothing
everyone in america knows we are broke , but we do not seem to have any politicians willing to stop the spending .
why was there no fortifications and armed guards sent before the attack ?
70 % of the people do not want obama care .
i &apos;m not even from utah but i support you man !
we need conservative representation !
he wouldn &apos;t be cutting aid if the terrorist muslim brotherhood were still in charge
then you don &apos;t have arbitrary rules from the epa from administration to administration and the free market decides the winners and losers .
jesus is the definition of socialism .
if you get close to obama , stab him in the neck with a fountain pen .
mark my words ( and all of us in georgia who asked you to vote no ) .
why are we paying them if they won &apos;t read the bills , discuss the bills , not table bills and refuse to let them be heard , etc .
the fact that harry reid keeps getting elected proves that .
he talks about how much troops cost to send them there but not a word about how will we pay for refugees coming here .
he even gave top secret information on what the cia and our our military is doing behind closed doors .
is there some reason you can &apos;t impeach the potus ?
this is the # 1 issue with many conservative americans .
mr trey gowdy , my prayers also include that americans will see you as our new attorney general under donald j. trump as president !
bring it on , rand ! !
the constitution says we have to pay the interest on the debt .
someone needs to stop him and recind every law he has written and put through by himself !
same contempt for constitutional limits on executive power .
but the rnc wants the practice to continue !
thanks , vern
i hope house republicans will hold their ground and fight for greater spending reductions and no new spending .
we need someone like you in oklahoma .
thanks , lou !
we once had a guy a few years back from my home town in wyoming who had a horse in that race .
i enjoyed voting early as i wanted to make sure , absolutely sure , that my vote made it in .
no war in syria ... the enemy of our enemy isn &apos;t our friend .. we haven &apos;t gone to the middle east with any intent of winning .. otherwise they would ne dead and our troops would be home ... no troops or bombs or anything american to syria
you are telling me prayer is not working ?
hey mccain you should retire .
well , bruce since only 2 % of district 8 gave you any mind any way in the last election , why do you keep spamming mr. brady &apos;s page with your weird lib arguments ?
we , as american citizens , are obligated to defend the constitution over all .
under obama &apos;s leadership .
gowdy 4 president
4 gop censures for lindsey graham in 3 months j.mp / 17c61nx
and to address the rest of your message , marsha , i wonder how many innovators and great thinkers have already been aborted in this great country of ours .
extremely disappointed to hear that you are not joining the fillibuster or supporting our second amendment rights .
a flat tax can be made fair using a graduating scale .
trey you are a real american .
i hope he makes a fool of you , rand .
praying for all this morning and through the day !
this is my feelings on rep. tom macarthur .
giving bo authority over the debt ceiling is unconstitutional ! !
we the people of south carolina expect moral courage which you have not shown so far .
regulating online poker could bring in billions of dollars , and it doesn &apos;t cost you a dime .
if we close loopholes and that gives the government more money we first need to pay off some of the debt that has been created .
the only thing i want to read is enzi not voting for bombing syria !
stop paying obama and his band of thieves
why , sir , can &apos;t you stand with mccain and graham ( to say nothing of your constituents ) and denounce the whole , unconstitutional mess ?
i agree that republicans need to find a way to better get the conservative message to hispanics and immigrants in general .
i stand with you rand paul .
secure the borders and once they are secure then and only then should we worry about any thing else .
you didn &apos;t mention the constitution .
mr ryan , to little too late to believe any thing you say .
and above all , don &apos;t let the weasels that run the republican party tell you what to do !
they have proven time and time again that they cannot be trusted .
&quot; the american people … have made it clear that federal enforcers should stay out of their personal lives , &quot; rohrabacher said in a statement upon the bill &apos;s reintroduction late last week .
i think he is coming out of the liberal closest to show that he is against gun rights and reward illegal immigrants with amnesty .
cut the military spending budget in half back down to were they were before the iraq and afghanistan wars .
merry christmas &amp; god bless you &amp; yours .
okay tom start supporting the one man who has said he will do something about this .
tim scott is better person than you .
i can &apos;t think of anything scarier than obama with no oversight .
best regards , matt hoskins executive director senate conservatives fund
i am thinking i and we should have been listening to him
you are the problem and the blame for everything and he has no intentions of negotiating .
the reason why the government wants this taken away is because they know a revolution is coming and we are tired of being led to death by the deaf , blind , and dumb
it is past time for congress to have acted to stop the insanity otherwise known as obama .
but , of course he now wants to release all of his homies
peter king traitor to the usa !
mr. roberts it is time for you and the rest of the legislative branch to send obama packing before he does any more damage .
south carolina has benefitted by being a republican state that encourages business and free enterprise .
going into the 2016 election cycle , americans need to be able to see what being a republican is all about .
i am ashamed of the republican party as it now stands .
he said all along he would use the veto .
no and i am ready to denounce the republican party
my husband and i voted for you senator scott .
too late for transparency mccain ..... you need t resign ... you are sucking off the teets of the american people .... you need to resign ... you &apos;ve done nothing to benefit the american people ... only your interests and the interests of wallstreet and walmart ... get out .. https : / / youtu.be / rnouknwr840
there are no men of character in congress anymore - - just a bunch of self serving sociopaths .
we voted for a republican not a f--king liberal .. get out , you have no spine ..
we must cleanse the gop of these spineless , &quot; moderate &quot; rinos .
i will either write in ben carson or i will vote libertarian .
now , what was your position on paul ryan and the continuing resolution ?
hell john mccain is so awesome , he should be president and vice president .
also repeal the pansy a $ $ rules of engagement that obama demands they follow ! !
he is doing what we elected him to do and you are fighting a president from your own party ! ! !
then went on to practice as a constitutional lawyer .
we need to bring back god into our country .
we are blaming congress , the president and anyone else to deflect the fault from where it lies .
tom mcclintock , i see that your supporters are as stupid as you .
him twisting arms is exactly why you should have voted against him .
still , this congress has allowed obama and his minions to usurp more and more power without reigning in his lawlessness .
maybe you republicans should get with the program instead of catering to the insurance lobby .
what about charges for lying to congress under oath ?
remove the dictator vote yes
good luck mr. graves and keep up the good work .
if you guys had impeached than she couldn &apos;t run for office .
no refugees please , let &apos;s try to keep tennessee free of terrorism
i like trey gowdy but what i would like to see is that we start taking care of our own first and that means the homeless and our service vets !
mr. mccain , you need to retire ... you &apos;re old and so is your brain , it doesn &apos;t not think reasonably .
i echo your thoughts and prayers and will continue to pray that the next couple of days will bring us fair weather with no more destruction and loss of life here in oklahoma and elsewhere .
now as the blowhard he is sidesteps and says we will pay and than be reimbursed through import tax .
i think it &apos;s time for a man like ron paul .
can &apos;t help but feeling like ted cruz a stood and spoke for 21 hours for nothing .
because the people we trusted enough to elect as true conservatives allowed a treasonous president to have free reign .
i am just wanting tom mc to more accurately state the problem .
a time is coming when those who are on the path to destroy this country will be imprisoned for treason or expelled .
all obama &apos;s executive action did was prioritize who to deport and how to enforce the laws .
obama and mccain sold weapons to al quiada and those weapons killed americans , 4 of them ! !
use our energy in this country , repeal obamacare and close the borders .
i do think you are right that many of the uninsured in texas probably are undocumented , and they will remain uninsured under the affordable care act , which does not make them eligible for buying insurance on the exchanges .
hot air ... to distract the american citizen , oklahoma voters from the actual spending problem .
i mean besides support obama &apos;s muslim brotherhood ? ? ?
the republican party nationally is merely a shell of what it used to be .
rubio is another vote for the establishment / status quo which will cripple our country !
congresswoman marsha blackburn is this a conflict of interrest or just payback for lying ? ?
if anyone has commited treason against this country its barrack hussein nobama aka barry ! ! !
and people will &quot; answer for their actions .... means like shinseki , those who are slated for retirement will retire and it will be called resignation .
prayers for our leaders and our nation
just like we don &apos;t negotiate with terrorist but obama did anyway !
question is , what are going to do about it ?
compromise is not a dirty word and is a founding principle of our system of government !
http : / / www.westernjournalism.com / speaker-boehner-bails-on-obama-investigation / he screwed you and he is screwing the united states &#91; &#91; share &#93; &#93;
totally agree ... but the government has forgotten this truth .
with your attendance record of voting in the senate , i honestly hope you do show up and represent the people of florida .
the next president will then be able to move us further toward our goal of restoring our republic .
is obama praying for america today ?
obama is so full of himself that all he thinks about is getting his own way now matter who he is hurting .
so why were the people who &apos;s ancestors fought under that flag being punished ?
poor john mccain - great american , but a pathetic beltway rino .
another impeachment process ?
3 ) has taken 2nd w , war level 110 % debt / gdp , usa : obama : i.e.
i like rubio &apos;s idea - if we haven &apos;t been able to trust cuba for 50 + years , why would we think we can trust them now - because obama says so ? ? ?
prayers for mr. scott and his family so sorry for his loss
then i respectfully disagree with rand as well .
apparently you hate our constitution with your stripping the amendment that protects american citizens against indefinite detention out of the ndaa .
sometimes that will include giving aid to foreign nations .
www.exposingtrump.com could a true christian ever vote for donald trump ?
if he can secure the border , rebuild the military , bring back jobs , repeal and replace obamacare and fix the va system for us vets then he will go down in history as one of the greatest presidents ever .
prayers sent brother .
behind you all the way ............ amen
as a constituent i want to believe you will stand up for public schools in the future to devos .
the big question , congressman , is what are you prepared to do about it ?
paul , your fired !
posted on a friend &apos;s page : betsy devos is and was raised christian reformed .
he &apos;s a little late !
it is past time for him to resign .
i dont agree on the flat tax because example .
it &apos;s too late now .
right before the fiscal cliff , you pissed off boehner , he threw you off the committee , we didnt hear from you for weeks .
obama will not .. he does what he wants to do w / o reguard
we know exactly what it was jerry .
if you take this insurance without having a better plan in place you need to ride off on your horse never to return .
please stand firm on us not getting involved in this mess .
the republicans were put in power to stop hussein obama in his quest to destroy america .
the problem , in my opinion , is that president obama has completely messed up our policy in the middle east .
tjdsnk ypi marsha .
my belief is that they all need to be replaced , including you scott .
it &apos;s the president &apos;s constitutional duty to nominate a successor and the senate &apos;s to vote on that nominee .
where &apos; th political will to impeach that person in th whitehouse ? ?
impeach bo , he stinks
national guard and / or active duty military .
senator corker , i ask you to look @ all the small counties in tennessee that have only public education to offer .
this was not a movie but an in depth interview , it was called 13 hours in or at benghazi
if this stands the government can then order you to purchase anything .
please bathe this effort in prayer as there is no personal agenda or gain save liberty , freedom , and restoration of constitutional government for &quot; we the people &quot; .
i wish i had more elected representatives in congress who actually voted like they agreed with sam houston .
looking forward to seeing great strides toward a more fiscally responsible federal government .
you speak of an evil individual sir , perhaps you just need to look in the mirror to see evils reflection .
very well said sir !
bruce , you have my vote , i listen to you regularly , and support your ideas !
they all talk the talk .
what happened to your defense of the u.s constitution ?
shut the fascists reid and obama down ! ! !
we the american patriots will not give a inch on or 2nd amendment right .... shall not be infringed on , very easy to understand .
trey gowdy for preident ! !
now we know he will not negotiate on obama care .
god bless you and your family .. 😇
the tsa has now gone from touching sensitive areas to totally screwing america .
they intimidated conservatives all over the country .
down in flames , unless 1 ) the bb amendment is included , and 2 ) zero tax increases .
steve it &apos;s already been voted on right so case closed keep the flag an the ones that don &apos;t like it move out of the state
i hope ted realizes how much we watch his actions and his vote .
kill obama care now .
and some form of revenue increase has to be implemented .. we have to do a lot of things we don &apos;t like to do in life to survive ... gov &apos;t is no different .
if you support any guns rights restrictions , johnny , you have gotten my last vote .
your establishment and chalkboard conservative created this mess .
mccain &apos;s &quot; freedom fighters &quot; are the ones who want to establish an islamic state in syria .. which would decimate the christians .
he is only concerned about the illegals and the one that does not have brains to know what is going on except help me , give me all that you can with out me working for it .
he has ignored our nations constitution and left our men to die .
the president requested $ 4 b. you voted against it .
it &apos;s like obama is slapping the american people in the face !
brad , quit trying to pass the buck .
you have my sincere condolences , congressman blackburn .
so your so-called ta return problem is that romney files legal taxes ?
so , a &quot; balanced approach &quot; is higher taxes and lower spending .
no officer .
why don &apos;t you tom mcclintock talk about how the right cut funding for mental health ?
i miss jeb
merry christmas trey thanks for being you stand up justices
hope that trash angels enjoys jail
the obama sheeple voted for it , they got it .
rubio for president &apos; 16 !
you should have been leading on this years ago !
she is utterly unqualified for the job .
president obama does not want a weaker military .
for you to ignore those who put you office to have a one on one meeting &amp; choose his side , i believe you drank the kool-aid .
that includes obama .
i was a marco supporter , for president , but it wasn &apos;t meant to be , i guess .
just go to china mitch &amp; live !
as of today obama has not been required to show a birthcertificate and the one he did online is not a legal certificate .
run again rubio !
but i am over this socialist crap .
u2 sir
hussein cares about national security about as much as he cares the the law .
the same to you rand .
obama doesn &apos;t care , he is back in the white house for another 4 years and he makes up his own rules as he goes and no one checks him .
i &apos;ts time you guys start exposing obama .
praying for you as you continue the race .
time to take a stand or we will next time you are up for re-election !
you are speaking for me mia love ! !
yet he is using obama &apos;s intelligence around possible terrorist friendly countries to keep refugees from coming into the country ?
ease keep our military funded and at the ready !
i think you would be a great speaker .
btw brad , when is the house going to appoint a committee to work out the issues of the budget that the senate sent over to the house back in april .
you will have to answer for this one ... be it the electorate or the spirit in the sky , you &apos;re gonna be hella haunted if you don &apos;t pass permanent funding for the zadroga act .
vote no on cloture , otherwise , you want obamacare .
we the tax payer get caught up in the middle .
you need to get on live tv and tell the world that you have made a mistake and that you are going to support the people &apos;s choice , you and ryan and mitt are dissolving the republican party by acting like idiots .
we must close our borders .
come on johnny , this is a decision to be made by the united nations not just the u.s. what was done was wrong , but we are not , and should not be , the world &apos;s final authority in a situation like this .
you and senator mccain have done more to dislodge any sanity from the party , than anything the left has thrown against you .
bye bye kay hagan .. hit the road
it leaves the irs in control , it can be changed to suit anyone in office and the lobbyist will still rule .
considering that bomber 1 &amp; 2 as well as mom and dad were on the government dole from day one ... no doubt that phones we see in the video were obama phones .
no legal action can ever be taken against obama and we will have all three branches of government controlled by socialists ( communists ) .
enforce the laws , close the border , stop giving benefits to illegals , and deport anyone who isn &apos;t here legally .
hey james , i can second that but she &apos;s defending rand on this segment , which i will be tuning into tomorrow .
the people are only hearing what they are listening to , and the majority are not listening to conservative radio or television .
when you listen to your constituents you can have an opinion brad wenstrup .
the senate must hold him responsible and rein him in !
it would seem that if the budget is balanced then there is no need to raise debt limit ... nah too simple
mr. gowdy , can you please see about an investigation of george soros and what he is sponsoring ?
i believe that most of the people that voted for you would like to see the president impeached even if he is not removed from office he should be impeached .
no , randy , we want to keep him here in sc .
reid is extremely corrupt and very much incompetent .
the real concern for conservatives is that too many republicans are refusing to take yes for an answer , and accept the sequester .
defund planned parenthood ..... what they are doing to these unborn babies is murder .
mr. no strikes again ; ) keep up the good work sir !
removing the flag will not stop hate crimes , i agree .
the fight isn &apos;t helped when we just cave and accept cr after cr .
those of us left who have jobs know we can &apos;t spend more than we make , we also know you can &apos;t borrow yourself out of debt !
seems like our govt .
that garbage loser flag was a joke to me ... flying , crying or dying ...
obama has already stated he &apos;s going veto bills out of congress , makes him the party of no !
isakson , get rid of the state taxes for military retirees .
i urge you to avail yourself of the evidence and reconsider your position .
good god , you &apos;re a republican , act and represent like one .
john russell thinks you should consider another line of work .
your in george soros and obama &apos;s back pocket .
last question , trey gowdy , since when are folks permitted to ignore a subpoena ( pagliano ) and just not show up to a hearing ?
the republicans have a majority in the house and in the senate , yet they can &apos;t get enough votes to override .
we &apos;d still believe the world was flat had it not been for those darn &quot; liberal scientists &quot; who get stuff wrong .
the masses are getting angry , obamacare when we should be working on the budget ceiling ! ! ! ! !
obama himself called it obama care and was very proud of it until it failed so miserably .
god bless those troops and their famlies who have fought for our freedom .
the fence riding gopers and rinos are waffling like a cadet on shore leave .
i am a greencard holder probably applying for citizenship next year , husband is american .
the federal government is flaunting deception right in our face .
huh , i guess you were against the tea party before you were for the tea party .
yes , mr. president , i think you should take the blame .
he is no more concerned about defunding than the president or harry reid ! !
betsy devos is simply not qualified to lead the country in this position .
i don &apos;t trust paul ryan to suddenly embrace what is good for the taxpayers ... he rode the fence and worked with obama .
when we support cuba we are sending a message that other communist countries that we are ok with their inhuman government and that it &apos;s ok to trreat their own people like they do .
go get &apos;em enzi .
please , please listen to your constituents and country .
i suggest you threaten president castro : &quot; cut it out or our first ambassador to cuba in over 50 years will be kellyanne conway . &quot;
american &apos;s polititians can not keep spending money that they do not have .
kathleen you are the one that is full of ignorance if you like obama
quit running your mouth and do something about it .
we have seen christians and americans killed and maimed in those countries and we hear no outrage , no tough talk , no nothing in defense of those christians .
shaking the tree for liberty
you really should consider spending all of your time there .
embargo on cuba only effects the cuban people and empowers castro to use the us as a scapegoat for hardships thereof .
its time we shut down air force one .
the administration is not above the law .
john , you are a true patriot !
obama made a deal with the commie &apos;s in cuba .
thanks rand , your the best ...
a real man for united states representative district 05 ... james lankford .
sincerely , gary d. zaetz , nephew of world war ii mia usaaf 1st lt. irwin zaetz , whose crash site was discovered in arunachal pradesh , india on december 7 , 2006 .
wicker is just another false conservative who does what he is told by the gop establishment and haley barbour .
get with the program senator mccain .
do not give in to raising taxes , increasing debt and the &quot; no plan , to decrease spending .
the republican sweep of 2016 was a clear signal to stop obama and his dictatorial agenda .
and no brock i don &apos;t take our freedoms or others sacrifices for granted i simply acknowledge the fact that government controls us and we shouldn &apos;t waste our time trying to fight it .
mccain is living proof of the need for term limits ..... he also needs to change parties ........
go with god !
instead numerous republicans pushed conspiracy theories about the government , the military and the president creating the current climate of anger and paranaoi .
you are an elected representative of the people of kansas ( all the people of kansas ) .
kevin , ron paul did not support this bill .
additionally , it is entirely possible that bo has committed an impeachable offense in trying to change our 2nd amendment rights ! !
he wants the country to go broke so he is king of the one world order !
i think that should be an impeachable offense .
stop funding govt paid abortions .
i will stand with rand !
i am ashamed of you for not standing with your fellow senator , rand paul .
traitors will not be tolerated .
where have you been , tom ?
if all foreign aid was stopped and the money spent here , you could not find a hungry american citizen !
from his own words and actions , clearly , obama &apos;s mission in the white house is to take down america and the american people .
hey , it &apos;s part if his plan , your praying isn &apos;t going to change that .
obviously obama voters .
or at the very least , impeach him for executive over reach which is making this country unsafe ( illegal immigration / citizenship ) .
rob portman , the hon .
our prayers are with them , god bless you and god bless their family and keep us all safe .
ban refugees at all costs sorry ryan !
senator tillis , don &apos;t say it should be .
if the terrorists hate us for our freedom , then the obvious solution is to get rid of our freedom so they won &apos;t have a reason to hate us anymore .
don &apos;t fail us rand !
senator isakson , put your signature where your pr message is !
lets quit spending money we don &apos;t have .
and then every one including every member of congress who covered for him will be going to jail for treason !
you are part of the problem sir we should vote your azz out fuc.ing loser
we need to elect rand next election at all costs .
you are a true patriot senator mccain .
not lankford .
then get to your counter-parts and start the ball to prevent this or any other obama attack on our country and her citizens .
marco rubio , 2020 !
thanks again congressman for standing firm for the people of the 4th district and doing what we sent you to washington to do .
elevators ride ron paul .
shame on you marco .
&quot; i cannot stand beside the same leadership that has offered up bills too large to read , used parliamentary tricks to bring bills to the floor and has refused to take swift action against the president and his administration &apos;s unconstitutional actions . &quot;
i &apos;m all for defunding planned parenthood but i don &apos;t like it being attached to another bill .
why do you think obama is putting a hold on the other pages of clinton emails .. this is getting old ! ! !
happy easter to you sir .
rand should be proposing a separate bill to defund planned parenthood .
mr. gowdy i hope the rumors are true that they are going to ask you to be the ag .
obama didn &apos;t kill anyone !
by standing w / israel , we are standing for america .
ditto from south bend
only wish we had more james lankford &apos;s in washington !
and never try to make a living on internet sales or grandpa will tax ya
i attended georgia tech and know that the expertise exists there and many other places to make sustainable energy of viable option .
make it very clear to this so called president that the people of america do not want a deal with iran and he is destroying our country with everything he does .
don &apos;t try to replace it .
roger conant you must be on welfare and next to nothing for your ins .
vanessa coleman , 18 , faces 40 tennessee state charges .
stop it now and defund it .
you are a bright light in washington , mia love .
yes for cloture is as good as a yes for obamacare .
we will be praying the lord will give you a miracle for your precious baby and peace for you and your family .
extremely unqualified .
don &apos;t scrape your shin trying to get back onboard the ship ryan .
secondly , congress gets paid waaaay too much and receives benefits they want to deny the american people to be allowed to simply &quot; stand in the way &quot; for their term .
terrorists didn &apos;t bring those towers down trey ! !
the reason why obama plans will not create competition is the rates on exchange and off exchange have to be the same .
republican leadership in the house and senate needs to show us they are conservative , not just clones of pelosi and reed .
you gave the jets to the muslim brotherhood in egypt .
but he keeps doing worse and worse taking away more of our freedoms .
i am imploring you to vote against betsy devos .
the president has done nothing but destroy our country from day one .
one way to reduce the debt is to raise the minimum wage , which is far below what it has been in the past in terms of real dollars .
why don &apos;t you and your little friend , that whiner , lin graham , go to fight ?
while i question his ability to lead this country i will say that you and the rest of the conservatives better take note and follow his lead .... and make good on it !
why wasn &apos;t he the nominee in 2012 ?
go to new york and let us have a real senator.take your rino buddy flake with you too !
all you heard on from rush limbaugh and g gordon liddy and the republican party was how this plan they came up with was far superior to the clinton plan and that it should be implemented .
the spending problem is by far the biggest problem and don &apos;t let obama have his way
pure bs on your part mr buchanan , you asa republican helped cause this problem and a ll of those employees should feel what you have done .
i can &apos;t believe how spineless these republican leaders are .
rand paul 2016 please
hey trey gowdy ... why don &apos;t you get a sock and stick it in nestle &apos;s ceo &apos;s ugly mouth ? ? ? ! ! !
mia love i sure hope you run for president one day before i die .
so lindsay do your job and impeach that nut .
shall we tax them out of business , therefore cutting out all the jobs -- common folks wake up and think a little , it won &apos;t hurt .
hurry obama needs more money for golf lessons .
impeach and you &apos;ve still got pence ...
small gov people have to win elections and stomp out these liberal commie traitors and we can &apos;t do that when the right gives ammo to the media
simple : she can &apos;t do any testifying on the benghazi deal he did it to cover &quot; butts &quot;
christie should run as a democrat .
i find it amusing that cain says bruce is out of touch with mainers .
out of the years hagan has been in office , i haven &apos;t seen any changes .
so proud of you senator scott .
also , i am a local ( internet ) business that fund our schools and roads with my income tax dollars .
james stands for american values that have made this country great and has god as his guide .
i hope and pray enough of your colleagues will become convinced that this is bad for america and the world .
knock it lindsey .
read the facts on my first post on how obama got the muslim brotherhood into power using our taxes and military .
sure all does make you wish you hadn &apos;t committed the fraud you had to in order to keep ron paul from getting the gop nomination huh gowdy ? ?
i &apos;m kind of disappointed , senator paul .
is rand paul turning into neocon ? ! ? ! ? ! ? !
please call for impeachment or trials for treason .
that flag is only a hate symbol if , the person wants it to be !
i am coming with u. i am switching to a libertarian
my wife and i were put out by wrangler in 2000. they moved to mexico and south america .
this will be the second letter sent to the administration and the department of defense clarifying that civilian dod should not be furloughed .
lois learner , that jerk with the irs , fast and furious , obama clinton , holder , lynch ... need i go on ?
no and we need to get all these people out of our country thing to take away our religion and the food eat .
he hates a sovereign nation .
the supreme court deemed the individual mandate to be a tax and constitutional under the commerce clause .
you are no better than bush , obama or the average dried up dog turd i see all the time .
identifying himself with glenn beck might give him the wrong kind of puplicity .
close the boarders ... bring back our military ... protect our country .
no more government job , , , ever again ! ! ! ! !
how &apos;s that poker game ?
stand with cruz .
understanding the tea party patriot .
so , instead of spending another 100 million dollars , attempting to repeal obamacare , maybe your time would be better spent &quot; tweaking &quot; the program to make it better .
that &apos;s why i am happy to see them stand up to harry reid &apos;s senate .
and now 99 % of republicans that voted trump will say how horrible mccain is .
you are rolling over too mcclintock
gowdy for attorney general , please someone honest .
the american people are on to what obama is trying to .
we need real leadership in congress and he is not the answer .
trey , we lost complete trust and respect in you when you threw your support behind rubio who is nothing but a puppet for special interests , lobbyists and big donors .
sasse .
only fund obamacare to the $ $ $ obama said it would cost .
sleezy how can we trust anyone in dc to do the right thing fed up , discusted , and disappointed that there is no comman sense being used anymore .
your vote for devos proved what we all have known .
he was right about obamacare .
traitor and liar
lindsey graham has go to go .
what scott does .
next stop needs to be the irs , epa , etc .
it &apos;s a little to late for your statement of support paul .
i hope you will be the old maverick john mccain .
so in essence , gowdy was saying that he is ok with back room deals and page dumping without proper time to read bill and then voted nay on bill to make himself look good .
no nothing free there is always people having to pay for all this free stuff just like welfare , medicaid and free housing known as section 8. if you all want this then pay just like we pay for ours .
if all the conservatives voted in this least election , we would be having this conversation !
back at you tery &amp; the famil ... hoping soon to relocate to s.c.
remember the uss liberty
i have not read where he has said anything to the contrary .
thanks for your support jerry .
i am behind you 100 % mia .
he has shut down one war and will end the second soon .
if senators vote for cloture to stop the filibuster , then they are voting for the gun control bill .
seems like somebody wants to divide the republicans - hang together and stick to your principles conservatives !
rand , give em hell .
tax cuts alone are not the answer ; i happen to be qualified to say so since i &apos;ve actually authored a proposal for a replacement for the existing u.s. tax code .
orrin , go ahead and repeal all the shitty stuff you don &apos;t like about the health care bill .
&amp; he can stop blaming the previous administration for everything from the debt &amp; global warning to the hangnail on his big toe !
take time to educate yourself about obamacare , the bottom line is shutting down the federal government will not get a budget in place .
even with the flat tax rate , some would still complain that those making more than they do not pay enough .
that &apos;s the way a criminal would elude prosecution and in his case impeachment !
do something to stop it trey gowdy ! ! !
wow , mr. mcclintock , have you always been this astute ... or is this something new ?
prayers lifted
jd hayworth was very anti amnesty .
laws that have not been read or voted on by either party .
i &apos;m more concerned with what you &apos;ll do to stop obama &apos;s lawlessness .
why do most people think that the republican party doesn &apos;t have a plan .
you should vote no !
obama has really tried his best to do good things for the nation .
will we learn of obama &apos;s ineligibility only after he leaves the white house or will congress inquire into his sealed public records ( education ; travel ; ssan ; etc ) .
mia love is class act !
how did we ( under the un and nato ) protect our freedom by invading iraq ?
what &apos;s &quot; not acceptable &quot; is the fact that the gop wasted so much time and money attempting to repeal the affordable care act 50 times ! ! !
what is this common sense alternative to obamacare ?
mr lankford it &apos;s called being a schizophrenic .
break it down , sen. scott !
it needs to stop before it is too late for this great country ! ! !
true ... this is coming from mr. pauls office
this is wrong we are allowing this tyrant to do this to our veterans and to release illegal immigrants from prisons to the streets in georgia and to not look out for best interest of our american citizens .
i sooooo agree , mia ! !
if the supreme court will do their job , we may not have to impeach him .
uncle ben is here to help you -- # hail bernanke
that commendable mr. graham , but that does not pay my bills .
and obama wants it that way .
this agenda has been pushed since at least the reagan era .
i say to hell with them all - bp , obama and congress !
they do not know or care what we want anymore .
marsha blackburn we have 48 to defund obamacare .
we need security with the border .
scott the military needs to be paid .
i hope you &apos;ll vote &quot; no &quot; on besty devos .
thanks diane black , this law needs to be change asap
south carolina will be the only nudist state in the union !
give em hell tim
was about to say ... we need other actions to stop this socialist madman from ruining our country .
think about it , &quot; president marco rubio &quot; .
your sending conflicting messages sir , you support all the wrong stuff and then you come back and write this .
cut his money and stop him from doing anything and anyone who is not on board needs to find another job .
the only leadership he provides is for communist dictatorships .
reagan and george w bush .
that is what would happen if &quot; we the people &quot; lied to congress
i hope this committee has the authority to enforce the law .
so long rand not sure where your head is .
this is what happens when there is no leader , just a golf playing , republican bashing man who spends his time traveling and it seems not many americans care .
if they is no plan then we end up like presently .
flake you are a idiot !
i can see that many are blinded by the prez ... the problem is simple , our govt .
no obama care , no amnesty for illegal foreigners .
you clowns are bombing all the conservative posts , and you are nothing to us ; as a matter of fact , since most of you are underage , your argument is irrelevent to me .
where can we go to read the details of your proposal senator paul ?
the american people have spoken &quot; they want change in washington &quot; so unite the rnc to support the &quot; front runner &quot; and not divide the party into a 3 way race that will only hand the democrats victory in november .
that owns land all around the bundy ranch and they have minerals that make rocket fuel .
i hope someday i have the privledge of voting for you in a presidential election rand , for now it &apos;s up to you to be the one of the soul voices of reason and liberty in the senate .
mr poe this needs to stop
you have surrendered the power of the purse and you have failed to protect separation of powers .
will you support articles of impeachment against the president ?
finally some spine is showing .
it appears that obama has lots of faith in susan rice .
this is the most unqualified candidate ever proposed for this office .
praying for all lost and our counrty .
thanks for selling out israel and the people egypt .
you need someone who understands these issues and that person is not devos .
this gentleman is obviously much smarter than the two senators he sent it to .
fire all of the house and congress until someone figures out the importance of following the constitution .
if you listened to something other than fox you would know that almost all the republicans except mike rogers signed an agreement to disagree with everything the president does .
of s. c. i rely on sen. scott to rep. me .
if you more of a libertarian like your daddy maybe your numbers would be good enough to get on the real debate ? ?
make alliances with countries that appreciate freedom and that will stand by us , against this tyranny .
tell obama to &quot; bring it on &quot; maybe he can visit some tea party people in the border states he refuses to go to !
we all remember the big hoopla about the irs scandal .
why has nothing been done to secure the border ? http : / / www.ijreview.com / 2014 / 04 / 129854-meet-another-rancher-whos-pretty-fed-federal-government /
i would suggest to look at the political leanings of those that say were no orders .
as an independent , i &apos;m going to vote for constitutional party or libertarian party , or write in ted cruz .
you have thousands of north carolinians who are telling you no to betsy devos .
he didn &apos;t even know he had been mentioned .
agree but make no mistake about it .
why are you guys passing spending bills you are not covering but are just borrowing for ?
seriously people , stop it with the fair tax .
there are alot of people in our government that need to go but number 1 on the list is obama .
the epa is stopping the restoration of any forest fire !
praying for you and the few others who represent us well !
ok .. now that you have seen the border .. why not come to the central valley .. maybe tom mcclintock can come with you ... remember the drought that happened this year did not cause this .... this has been going on since 2009 ... https : / / medium.com / matter / why-the-california-drought-is-all-your-fault-55f81a947ce2 &#91; &#91; share &#93; &#93;
so basically we &apos;re just riding the &quot; everyone hates obamacare more than repubs so we &apos;re not gonna rile things up til after 2014 elections &quot; wave ?
that &apos;s what we elected you to office for .... to do something and not just talk about it .
rand paul ! !
obama is going to put us into a depression if drastic measures are not done .
i &apos;m still in cali .. foothills of the sierra nevada mountains .. plenty of folks here with conservative values .... and of course , a side of nuts .
... all nine &#91; hfc founding members &#93; voted to elect &#91; ryan &#93; , who has a two decade long history of pushing for open border immigration policies . &quot;
or no tax code .
cain just doesn &apos;t seem to have any sense whatsoever of right and wrong when it comes to business .
why mr. isakson did you vote to cut pensions for our veterans ?
he uses the term isil as a slam to isreal .
the majority of the republicans in the house are no better than the liberals .
tim is there anything that can / will be done to stop iran ?
it won &apos;t cost jobs , it won &apos;t raise health-care costs , it &apos;ll reduce them .
it seems that we talk out of both sides of our mouths criticizing the feds for overspending then criticizing them when they don &apos;t spend .
thank clinton for that and rino mccain time to retire you suck
you all are getting paid high pay , health insurance and don &apos;t attend roll call , while there people in oklahoma and other states that have no job or insurance .
no wonder we have no faith in our government .
because of you wimpy republicans i am not a fan anymore praying for a 3rd party ! !
i agree with you rand paul ! ~ ! ~ ! ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
excellent words mr. scott .
nuclear option ted !
senator mccain please show us your leadership .
why didn &apos;t john mccain get this bent out of shape with the previous administration ?
please stand strong and please vote no !
like rubio saying we need change to immigration when the truth is , just enforce the laws on the books now .
i voted for ron paul in the primaries ( he was my preferred of the four ) , but now that it seems that either , once all states &apos; votes are counted , that the victor will be either romney or santorum , i will vote whomever the republicans nominate as their final candidate in november .
get rid of common core and obama care .
it is not holy to steal money , property , liberty from us citizens to give it to the poor .
tim you are a hypocrite of the highest order and too ignorant to realize it .
boehner is why the gop has the largest house majority since 1920 ?
i am convinced his goal is to bankrupt / destroy our country !
you also voted for the tax increases and no spending cuts .
the bush tax cuts will still expire , the obamacare tax hikes will still happen , we will still spend at least 40 % more then we take in .
the &quot; special needs kids tax &quot; this provision of obamacare imposes a cap on flexible spending accounts ( fsas ) of $ 2500 ( currently , there is no federal government limit ) .
make no mistake desjarlais , the people will wake up and there will be hell to pay
i think endorsements in utah is a good thing , but endorsements out of utah is a different issue .
impeach obama so he and kerry can do no more damage .
he needs to be impeached and charged with treason as well .
lindsey , please reconsider .
repeal it and get obama and all the liberals out of office any way we can .
to get out of debt you either have to raise your income or cut spending .
the post was about praying and your wording leaves a lot to be desired ( offensive for many who are reading ) .
reagan did nothing about aids until 20,849 americans had died from it ... you &apos;re more like to be killed by a cop on traffic stop than to die from this .
i am simply a concerned patriot who saw an opportunity to express my displeasure with the patriot act on my own behalf and for all of us .
when are we going to shutter the irs , or so severely curtail their activities to a federal sales tax or fair tax ?
they know they shouldnt &apos; pass the bill , so they look for a way to pass it without passing it ! ! !
option b. houston is choking on traffic and we cannot pave our way out of it !
there is something very very wrong with ted cruz -somthing very very strange !
congress got a raise .
he &apos;ll find out he &apos;s wrong when the republicans finally grow a set and impeach him for treason .
a gop administration would be a lot more in line policy wise with southern il than obama &apos;s administration has been .
mr. cornyn - respectfully , i feel this is total non-sense .
i believe most people would agree with that tax .
60 % of americans oppose .
after crying over our taxes , i am left disgusted over the waste and utter disregard for my hard earned money .
i wore my ron paul hat proudly through tsa as a subliminal screw you to the agency .
nothing personal , i was considering rubio .
you think you are above us common folks and can not be held accountable .
call the white house at 1-866-285-5048 and demand the potus resign !
does anyone think that vern reads these comments ?
pray that god uses this resolution to make this a good ending .
good idea ... put your vote where your mouth and photo ops are , bob .
gowdy is tops ! ..... with your moral fortitude ..... we can have hope !
when you have a president and it &apos;s administration that don &apos;t want to fix it , it will never improve !
will match for first conservative to define jesus &apos; teaching to love thy fellow person ; christianity .
easter blessings to you and your family , mr. rubio .
it is about time that &quot; we the people &quot; take a good hard look at where our taxes are going and how they are being spent .
if the confederate flag had anything to do with the 9 who lost their lives , i would feel different .. but it did not !
boehner is terrible and doesn &apos;t represent the people .
article iii of the constitution creates and mandates a supreme court to act as balance between the other two arms of government .
thus , they say , &quot; it is the courts opinion ... &quot; can any of you decide to make your body of government follow the constitution ?
senator scott , what are you doing to stop this civil rights violation ?
no town hall meetings in years , no debates during election years .
great observation , james but what is the senate going to do about it ? ? ? ? ?
i was impressed with carly - no decision made yet on anyone -but she was good
people who aren &apos;t afraid to go by our constitution are who we need in d.c. ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
plus the gov has to pay 17,000 new irs agents to ensure you carry coverage .... nannies .
johnny be good .
please find a way to prove he was responsible for their deaths and start impeachment proceedings .
amen abba father .
but are they willing to override obama &apos;s automatic veto ?
her going down as the worst president in history may be the best options for conservatives at this point .
impeach him if he does it
he set free south africans .
devos is in no way qualified for this position and she blatantly lied about her position with her family foundation .
he has done more for idaho and i know that he also reaches out to us as individuals he did it for me , i trust him and we should not be so quick to judge , those who live in glass houses should not throw stones .
reagan cut taxes bush 1 was the one who raised them
trey says &quot; yes &quot; , i say &quot; yes &quot; !
this goes back at least to the 2010 election cycle , if not earlier , where establishment republicans infiltrated the libertarian leaning tea party and opened the party tent wide enough to allow the tea partiers into the gop .
republicans are not going to fix anything !
viva la paul !
praying you have wisdom !
why do we still have a male in the white house thats hates america , when will you guys stand up and back the people that put you in office .
you were supposed to be better than politics , paul ryan .
yes obama went to war without the congressional authority and what have we done about it !
opportunistic rino .
you owe an apology to senator cruz and to the american people .
i think it &apos;s disgusting and extremely disturbing that your new attack on obamacare is to ask young people to opt out of buying health insurance .
i am also writing trey gowdy .
ummmmmm , how did rand and jim vote on the 2013 ndaa ? ?
unlike the onerous , convoluted , and oxymoronic patient protection and affordable care act ( ppaca ) , the achra is a commonsense free market solution to improve an american healthcare system by ensuring individual liberty and sovereignty are promoted .
all you folks in the house had to do was stand your ground and continue to send legislation funding portions of the government to the senate .
go tom go ! !
i like the house gop idea .
his freedom needs to be usurped , &amp; his right &apos;s &amp; benefits withdrawn !
you are so right , thanks mia !
how long will it take for this rino in name only to become a democrat ?
does anyone in the gop have one that will restore the dollar and pay back china without starting w w iii or will the world bankers fail and let china take over as the world reserve currancy ?
help us mccain you &apos;re our only hope !
it is time for the teapublicans to untie the leash from speaker boehner an pass a clean cr and a clean debt limit increase .
the senator is off base here .
so defund everything he wants to do that will send a strong mess
draft rand
he needs to start with telling the truth instead of telling lies every time he opens his mouth .
the house was granted the power of the purse for this very reason .
stop talking about it and over ride it .
we came here from the cumberland of kentucky .
i do not want to live under a dictator , and i am a georgia voter .
bout time you started doing your job johnny boy
the mid-term elections will definitely go against obama supporters resulting in a republican congress that can repeal the entire law .
my prayers are with the families , our country , and our leaders .
now congress can &apos;t ask her about benghazi .
what did harry reid know and how did he know it ?
some supporters of bruce also like and want to vote trump .
noah now paul ryan wants to grow a pair and back trump ?
you sir just sold out the education of children in nc and this country .
you sir , are no ronald reagan https : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = vbwuoozuwiy
california is 60 % illegals and 30 % liberals and the rest are conservatives and they have to live in stupid land and will suffer because of the idiots .
stand strong and vote no
i am with you tom .
he is after all the republican nominee .
no , cut the waist !
god bless you captain clay higgins .
please stand with lee and cruz !
reality check this country is far gone from serious devoted conservatives hello ? ? ! !
he needs mind his own business and stop trying to take peoples minds off of his impeachable scandals .
may god and the usa always bless israel !
to me , it sounds like you are the clown for aligning yourself with a president who does not care about the damage he inflicts on the country as long as he can promote his own agenda .
the video below suggests that there is a litmus test that is being applied to the commanders he wants to surround himself with .
all congress should be required to take and pass the hillsdale college constitution course before being allowed to run for office .
i expect that repealing aca will again make me ineligible to purchase insurance .
it says no tax increases , but when oboma care comes into effect-unless you please stop it- there are your tax increases .
there is no accountability in our government !
why hell no ! ! !
good for ted poe .
iran is radical , they insist the holocaust never occurred , they swear death to israel , they are well within the six months obama wants to give them to having nuclear capabilities , and now obama wants to free up the funds so they can complete the mission .
it &apos;s high time you all step up and put a stop to this administration allowing these &quot; refugees &quot; into our country !
it &apos;s amnesty that america can &apos;t afford , &quot; barletta said monday .
dear tom ,
hearts are hurting for our n. charleston family .
cindy and greg .
that you , marco and your family came to the united states for the life you are now living and we are so happy and proud to have you and your familty here !
no real libertarians trust beck , , , , but ron paul is the man ! !
sen. thune please talk about american family ins getting out of the individua lmajor health ins and the over 8000 people this will affect ?
impeach the enemy ! !
how can you get this message to the like of boehner and cruz so they can agree to end the silliness before there is an implosion of our federal government ?
and please stop sending money to other countries and groups esp .
my point is that the republican leadership is more threatened by the fairtax than any tea party insurgency and liberal agenda combined .
he has always .. i don &apos;t get it ..
don &apos;t hold back ( punches ) , let the world hear the truth !
&quot; while a controversial figure , both mr. castro &apos;s supporters and detractors recognized his tremendous dedication and love for the cuban people who had a deep and lasting affection for &quot; el comandante &quot; .
goodbye mitch .
republican does not mean conservative and i assure you , senator , that you are no conservative .
we need the spineless republicans to start being an opposition party and not a surrender caucus .
neither are you marsha ... get a life !
100 % agree with you ben .
they could have withheld $ $ $ from obamacare , immigration , etc .
proud of mike lee from my home state .
our rep here in the first district is on obama &apos;s side .
oh i like trey gowdy but refuse to watch greta anymore .
and you guys have failed to deliver on stopping his spending , socialism of america , and destruction of the constution .
lie after lie after lie this administration doesn &apos;t have any idea what telling the truth means .
help your constituents like barry did .
used to really like you mr. ryan but you &apos;re childish behavior changed that .
we need ted cruz 2016 ! !
scarred of the outcome and praying for this country .
good to know a republican majority is meaningless .
praying for gods comfort
and since the government built it , the government can shut it down .
replace the speaker .
wish more gop senators and congressman would do likewise .
i totally agree with the content of your letter ; however , i would like to know where were you when we had the best conservative constitutional candidate since calvin coolidge !
rand paul was asking a question that we americans wanted asked but until yesterday we had no answer .
because james bows his knee to the almighty god , the only true authority !
my first time voting will be in the 2016 election , i hope i can cast my first vote for rubio 2016 !
praying for this country .
if this administration runs true to form , the moment they hit american soil , they would be given all rights accorded american citizens under the constitution , including right to trial , miranda etc .
listen to your constituents or kiss your senate seat goodbye !
cant wait for you to be potus ! ! !
rep. walden , how could you stand beside rep. boehner when he used the word negotiations just now in a press conference ?
this guy said that the illegal migrants cause the fires but he never said something about the guns traffiked to mexico from arizona .
glad you are pleased with your total disregard for the citizenry of north carolina and there wishes for you to uphold the constitution .
mr. corker you realize that when you break it you bought it ?
another fake conservative outed !
doing this would cut spending , give states their rights back , and make this a country people want to do business in !
i would like to know , as well as other conservative christians that support you , why you would support it ?
we need a 3rd party to rise up .
what help do these policies bring to kansas low and middle-class tax payers .
remember , george washington was fighting against a tyrannical british government , trying to win independence and create a new nation .
yoi get a provisional from the irs and it takes 5 years to receive your permanent 501 c3 status .
what happened almost one year ago with the more qualified candidate up for this position ?
at david , rubio voted against it .
they are opening up borders , prisons &amp; just letting the enemy murderers have free reign ! ! !
somebody needs to hear from their mother .
not even close sandi , cathy is spot on and the american people voted in 2010 specifically to block obama at every turn after his 7 trillion dollar spending spree .
actually ryan , i do know a couple of people who have been swayed by the truths that shs supporter have brought to this page .
no amnesty for criminals .
&quot; we have to house these kids and take care of them until the machinery , under current law , allows us to send them back , &quot; president obama said thursday .
you cannot blame the senate for your extortion tactics .
cap and trade is a conservative alternative to a pollution tax , by the way .
you &apos;re an old fool john mccain .
how about some federal aid with those prayers !
oh yeah mitt romney .
this issue is &quot; red meat &quot; for the much more conservative base .
if the president breaks the law as you have described mr. gowdy , is it now time to file articles of impeachment against him ?
john mccain you are a war mungger and a terrorist ... i wish you would of never made if back from s.e.a ... the us would be better off ... your are a nazi fundamentalist ... you are not american ...
it isn &apos;t just about closure for the families , this is about our government &quot; leaders &quot; lying to the american people and covering up the truth .
it is refreshing to have a congressman that is not ashamed of the gospel of jesus christ !
had no idea how beautiful southern utah is .
you blood is going to boil ................... the irs will put you in jail if you fail to pay taxes to support this .................. this , without a doubt , is the craziest nation on the face of the earth .
would vote for you or marco rubio for president .
immigration and obama care repeal all of it
happens all the time and if it don &apos;t go obama &apos;s way he threatens our ss check , military pay and then the people get so excited they say cave in .
( elliott , debates at 185 ) richard henry lee : &quot; to preserve liberty it is essential that the whole body of the people always possess arms and be taught alike , especially when young , how to use them ... &quot; ( richard henry lee writing in letters from the federal farmer to the republic , 1787-1788 ) .
load them all up and take them to the front gate of the white house and start unloading .
louie gohmert !
the rhino class , petty , pathetic little men that will not fight for the american tax payer .
haven &apos;t you noticed this administration is totally against israel and has never supported them .
obama should never been voted in to office but there are so many getting free stuff and obama promises them they can keep getting it so they voted for him but i think one day soon they will have a big awaking .
no income tax at all , no irs .
godspeed brother
there are so many voters who are tired of settling for lying politicians who don &apos;t even know what they believe - and now they have someone to vote for in rand paul .
mr. cornyn what are you going to do about the ban and other issues that do not support our values or uphold our laws .
take the mic , mia !
mr. amash is right , however i believe the matter with discriminating toward immigrants does not extend to those who have not yet made entry into the country .
as a registered georgia voter , you do not truly represent me , the people , or the intelligence to have the foresight to better the future of this state and nation .
as far as illegals with no record that are law abiding , have families , i think they will be given a way to become citizens .
close the border and enforce current immigration laws .
i am a voting republican voting 3rd party this year .
if you vote yes , we vote no during your reelection .
we need your strong conservative voice showing the country how plain and stupid this is .
agree , tom mcclintock
we need real conservatives , not people who are just more conservative than the democrats .
idaho power charged us an extra 32 dollars this month for a mechanical adjustment because of hydropower .
all the rhino &apos;s caving on taxes will go to hell as they vote to avoid a fiscal cliff and cause a fiscal tsunami instead !
obama is showing his true colors by throwing people out of their homes , by forcing businesses to close just because they r on federal land then has the nerve to allow illegal immigrants to rally on the national mall .
ya , well a little to late for your weak , spinless vote .
i did not listen i don &apos;t want here his lies ! ! ! !
i see senator mcconnell and speaker ryan as weak leaders who have not shown any ability or inclination to stand up to the president .
we been trying to pass immigration law since the reagan administration get your act together and pass immigration bill to protect our citizens
i am very disappointed in you senator , john mccain .
the founding fathers would have hung you for treason .
tell cain if she is so fond of pelosio , boxer , etal , go live in the land of fruits and nuts !
didn &apos;t the house republicans change the parliamentary rules two months ago so that only the speaker could introduce a motion to reopen the government ?
no taxes and such
did he resign and submit to arrest for violation of constitutional law uh then no .
mr. corker , if you vote to confirm devos , you are proving yourself to be a poor a judge of character and qualification .
patrick mulloy did you read the above link .
need to cut welfare programs , disability and medicaid .
secure the border first and send back each and every one of these illegals !
may god be with us in our time of need !
the answer has nothing to do with the constitution .
no american owes mr maxey anything !
i personally feel it violates our constitution and what america is all about .
the president insulted americans once more .
lack of compromise for the common good is more disappointing .
i wouldn &apos;t be so proud of that vote , mike you should vote towards helping america not africa .
obama is a clueless amateur .
onlygod knows we need to some hard praying .
it &apos;s quite simple really you like big government i like limited federal government &amp; strong state &amp; local government .
my question is why don &apos;t more support the bill , , , and why don &apos;t obama use his pen and phone ...
he is what a true christian man is .
if it &apos;s true that govenment employee &apos;s are receiving a raise at the same time that obama is telling the poor that if this isn &apos;t resolved they will not get their check , you should know this is wrong !
senator corker - you say you have heard from many constituents , but are you voting how your constituents want you to ?
the conservative heritage foundation came up with the concept of the individual mandate .
it just blew up in mccain &apos;s face !
you forgot that one time when the bush admin &quot; lost &quot; 22 million emails off a private server around the time of the iraq war .
i &apos;m stuck in your state too mr tom mcclintock tho different area .
betsy devos obviously does not .
however , since no matter how ignorant the nominee the gop is going to say ok , why bother with the hearing
obama is doing a lot of things bush did , like too much spending .
you were my guy , rand .
everyone needs to understand only god can save our country .
vote no and save time and money debating
and the only thing the establishment thinks they have on him is a few letters from 20 years ago that he didn &apos;t even write !
no amnesty for illegals , they came here illegally , they stay here illegally and should not be rewarded for it , deport them !
you go mia , you are doing a great job
did you know it was a c17 from joint base charleston who returned the remains of us ambassador and libyan embassy personnel home ?
is lindsey getting a tad nervous ?
thats what i heard congressman
defund the beast !
can &apos;t get u to stay in dc and work on anything let alone immigration - americans have asked for reform for 6 yrs - where have u been - how bout tax reform - ppl who elected u are enemies of this country
most of them are photo-ops for the congressmen giving someone a hard time on camera .
comment : i know full well , in advance , the obama administration will choose a scapegoat for benghazi to throw under the bus , predictable .
i love try gowdy.i think he would be a fantastic speaker .
he released our enemies to free a deserter .
we are still hoping and praying that gitmo is not shut down !
mr. poe we need to talk .
i dear many of the new conservatives that were brought in with the last election will eventually succumb to wacky land .
can anyone in washington stand up for america ?
mia , i am so honored to be your friend on fb , i , m also sad because you were not elected you are one of our brightest young women in politics today .
mr. burr , i am sure there are 43,200 reasons why you voted for ms. devos and ignored your constituents in north carolina .
no congressman , we do not have a good deal !
harry reid said no
the proper place to contest a republican speaker is in the house republican conference .
please senator graham don &apos;t back down .... benghazi was a real tragedy .
marco rubio is a great example of what is wrong with washington .
we do need to clean house , it needs to happen a lot higher than just the irs scandal
i have sent you several emails and faxes concerning different bills with questions in the emails .
we lift our leaders up in prayer
mccain just likes playimg both sides of the fence because he &apos;s failed in every aspect of his political life !
south carolina has had enough .
well how about doing something about it .. i guess the people are going to finally have to bail you spineless cowards out ..
the only way to get this economy going is to scrap the entire tax code and go with a consumption tax where everyone - including foreigners here visiting - chips in .
can obama be trusted for anything ?
biden is at least legally qualified to hold the office .
prayers for strength and condolences to senator scott !
i agree with bruce mccutcheon .
marco , why aren &apos;t the clintons weighing in on the mosque issue ?
if you don &apos;t think the government can do anything right , elect a republican .
devos is unqualified for this role .
3. is ben sasse hoping to be the 3rd party candidate ?
i agree with everything this dude said except the part about the supreme court because they did not take the constitution into effect the 10th amendment and states rights should have been primary in this case
well then sen. paul we just need to make it so you are the senate majority leader .
doesn &apos;t kansas have enough trouble with schools and education now ?
they &apos;re wasting our tax dollars with these votes and holding the country hostage yet they haven &apos;t sent any legislation to the senate for a better plan .
ok , erik paulsen is my congressman , i have never voted for him and i have agreed with very few of his positions .
and i have news for you if you think following the constitution is wacko or standing up for the bill of rights is crazy you are the one who has issues .
castro stood on his ground , not shaking , survived many plots to be killed by 11 us presidents .
you had an opportunity to stop the shutdown and to relook at obamacare , but you and you croonies , decided you want it your way or no way at all .
talk , talk , talk and no action - just like benghazi .
way to go judge robert shelby ! ! !
nice work bruce .
let freedom ring
the government can not pay the interest on the debt now and they keep borrowing more and they now spend 200 million every hour every day 7 / 24 , we are headed down the tubes folks ...
when obama uses government resources to target his enemy list ?
drag his replacement out for 11 month ; if we get the witch , obama is going to be the replacement anyhow
i pray that you can stay the course and i look forward to see what you can do before 2016 .
ask if obama and the muslim brother hood set this up to be the october surprise .
praying for his family !
sen. mccain thanks for listening to me .
you got elected telling us you would vote to repeal it , and on your first chance you voted to keep it .
he has the courage to do the right thing and defund aca !
by closing gitmo and bring these enemy combatants to the states , obama will bring the war to our homeland .
i will not be told that you cannot compare the two when the principle is the same .
as for those that usurp our constitution , perhaps an extended stay in a fine facility called gitmo is in order or the &quot; nixonian &quot; exit for a lot of them .
why did ted cruz enter the country illegally in 1974 ?
ron paul never sold us out .
he gave away any sense of honor years ago .
you sir , need to retire and let the government move on without you .
jerry moran , change your mind on your potential vote for betsy devos .
if gitmo is a recruiting tool for isis , then it must be a very nice and comfortable place to stay , is it a 5 star hotel ?
hang in there you are doing what we elected you for .
the ballot box ? , well in good conscience i cannot vote for you to be sc senator .
in god we trust not the government .
i &apos;m in the same condition as ralph , but i am doing all i can to help get rand elected !
ronald reagan , he was a president who gave a crap and did what he &apos;d say he would .
i wish it were you and not obama ! !
reid is as evil as they come and he needs to go and the sooner the better .
congress needs to be doing the job it was elected to do .
no we don &apos;t need to enforce the laws in place .
very little permanent jobs will be created .
greg charles
i &apos;ve taught in public schools in tennessee for almost 15 years .
slow down to &quot; make it hurt &quot; by shutting down tourist sites and parks .
obviously the actions carried out by obama over the past several years have been to weaken the us .
he knows he can do anything he wants and can get away with it because none of you sobs in the swamp will do anything to stop him !
congress only has itself to blame and only congress can fix it .
president obama should not have been so rude to the russian embassy and expel them within 72 hours .
and stop sending money to other countries .
lisa m &apos;s attack on obama is nothing more than an attempt to vilify him as most of the country seems to be doing now that he is a lame duck .
the economy only has gotten worse since obama
the president has the responsibility and the authority to appoint the justices , and your job in congress is to decide whether or not the person is qualified and will do the job in good faith .
do you really think it is only the rich that obama wants tio get money out of if so you need to go to a hospital because somebody has rattled you brain
sure , obama is doing nothing good , but george bush wasn &apos;t any better .
neither mcconnell or boehner will cooperate with &quot; stonewalling &quot; this administration by pulling the purse-string , but something has to be done to curb this idiot-clown in the white house , who is pushing us toward socialism .
do you consider yourself the next ron paul ?
you guys should have been on board with trump months ago and you guys in congress should have been shutting obama down for the last four years , which was why we elected you .
time to abolish fisa courts and everything having to do with the patriot act , ndaa and nsa spying on americans .
meeting our financial obligations by raising the debt limit shouldn &apos;t even be questioned .
i like john mccain as a person .
you good sir have just giving me a little more hope and faith in the leaders and speakers of the people in our nation &apos;s government .
the new administration is doing its best to destroy this country .
@ joel - im a conservative .
why don &apos;t they do something about it ?
they said that the castro regime rules by economic control , political repression and propaganda that touch the lives of every cuban .
liberals want expanded government , conservatives want limited , constitutional government .
in 2014 they said he talked like a conservative and consistently voted with the oligarchy .
i am disappointed in your steadfast support of devos .
i favor not extending the debt ceiling unless a balanced budget amendment is passed by congress and sent to the states .
ted cruz is that candidate .
make him cut back on the expensive vacations
vern , everyone should be eligible for a swine flu shot , not only health care workers and pregnant women .
you need to get your story right and stop watching fox .
send him to gitmo and have a very long talk with him ...
congressman mcclintock supports ending the income tax !
pass the zadroga act for 9 / 11 first responders !
ask the states who are hurting from lack of gas tax revenue to use towards roads .
if not , mr. grassley needs to take some history courses .
stop spending .... reduce government
congress needs to move on impeachment of obama for his crimes against america !
together , they created obamacare .
i pray for them and hope they would do the same for us , but the people in this country really know how bad it really is .
praying for you &amp; your family .
why is he still in office ....... he is a threat to this country ! !
as a christian i pray that you will vote tomorrow to support your brother , louie gohmert .
so much for the pledge you all took to support the nominee .
but aside from how overblown such fears are , the stranger fact is that the un treaty is based on the americans with disabilities act , enacted 22 years ago , and if it were ratified , no us laws would have to change .
you guys at least had the guts to fight something that is really going to cost the american worker / tax payer .
agenda 21 , keep the people out of the forest under the guise of protecting it .
fellow americans are our worst enemy .
how many americans have had to die because john mcpain is too much of a political coward to secure our borders .
you should have been with rand paul instead of the lieing piece of crap president we have ....... remember you were voted in and you can be voted out .
betsey devos is unqualified .
john boehner has been speaker of the house for four years .
isn &apos;t there a republican in congress who is not afraid of obama ?
well trey gowdy we all know what &apos;s going on .
sorry rand you are all looking like fools ....
it &apos;s basically a who &apos;s who in the rino world .
he has several names , several countries he is a citizen of .
this many ways to serve the country , who knows if in 4 years you be in the white house , run the country , the way you thing is best no the way other want , this from cuban old men ( vp .
a big thanks to mitt romney .
i agree with ben sasse .
jeb bush is a coward - http : / / www.washingtonpost.com / blogs / post-politics / wp / 2014 / 12 / 31 / bush-declines-invitation-to-speak-at-immigration-hard-liners-iowa-summit /
option b. the most active side of houston deserves it .
here is a thought : what if a suspect is not on a terrorist no fly list and still buys a gun ?
&quot; so why do conservatives focus on things like welfare fraud instead of tackling the real issues ?
he is picking up tremendous speed considering his short candidacy , and is currently only 2 % behind trump and clinton in utah polls .
i like all of the above that you mentioned re : energy , burdensome regulations that do nothing , defintely repealing obamascare and i think holder should resign , if not be forced out .
where in the constitution is the federal government granted to authority to do anything that is in the current bills ?
stand up for debt balance
about time sir
education is also very important to the cuban culture .
just like idaho education reform !
amen johnny - will you please be a leader for getting this done ! !
reid will sit on it and do nothing .
when nancy pelosi said during the debate on obamacare &quot; we have to vote for obamacare and then we will find out what &apos;s in it &quot; , i thought surely she must be joking .
i with you on this we have fools in this administration of obama .
you really actually voted to keep our government shutdown and default on the debt we &apos;ve already run up .
now get rid of him ....
she is beyond unqualified for this vital position .
9. why did you decide to send weapons to topple muammar gaddafi that created isis when president reagan had shut him up for decades ?
mr. graham , i wholeheartedly support you and agree with your post .
reagan did executive orders but not on immigration .
you and lamar may be the only two in tennessee that support her !
so , when might we see congress send the military in to arrest obama , biden , kerry and clinton for their treasonous acts against the people of the u.s. ?
obamacare is killing our economy and driving people into poverty .
trey is something special isn &apos;t he ?
he is a very good speaker and a lot of people will believe him because they wan , t to
so , what are y &apos;all going to do about it ?
nice to hear a conservative and not the same rhino bs .. good luck to you from texas .
ron paul and massie on our ballot today
too bad obama can &apos;t stop campaigning and put a budget in place .
if you all won &apos;t stand up for us and our conservative principles you will be gone .
when i voted for you , i voted for a conservative , what i observe in your vote is a sell out rino .
tim scott this is not going to make us forget your endorsement for devos and sessions .
prosecute obama and clinton for benghazi deaths ! ! ! ! ! !
amazing , obama won &apos;t stop illegals from invading our country but he wants the use of drones to possibly kill americans .
hands off syria and stop supporting terrorist in our country ..
absolutely on point , congressman mike coffman .
so much for obamacare .
and you will not be able to get enough votes to overturn the veto .
obama is braking the law all government workers must see a senator before going to work .
i pray this bill mr obama threatens to veto excludes these sections .... they are unconstitutional and illegal under federal laws ........................ americans need to be told these are being removed .
obama has spent more in his first 3 years them all the presidents before him .
i had a fight with my trainer that late evening and asked him to drop me to the airport .
will they once obamacare is fully implemented ?
we need people in d.c. that look after our rights as citizens thanks to the constitution .
just because they aren &apos;t from kentucky doesn &apos;t mean they &apos;re less important !
i am against this nomination and ask you to reconsider .
with all due respect mr gowdy this was a completely unnecessary and embarrassingly executed pile of poo .
you should not claim to be a christian if you live a lifestyle against god &apos;s word !
cut foreign aid and use our money here on the homefront !
you do not care about the constitution or this country ... you may as well be a democrat ... take jeb with ya !
merry christmas mr trey gowdy
i &apos;m sorry senator , but you are wrong on this issue and so is south carolina .
the president should be held accountable .
why are we selling arms to anyone ?
yes tom that is exaclty right and that is what alot of { the majoirty } of people voted for by electing obama .
reduce spending , cut taxes , lessen government regulations on business , impeach obama .
2020 is not that far away , and the people of georgia will not forget how you have betrayed them .
they appear too focused on other &quot; important &quot; issues ... like the election , i guess , james .
get real robert , not everyone has the means to even leave where they are at now , much less run for office .
i sure hope and pray something can be done to stop that .
obama wont want to stop arming his muslim brotherhood friends .
no .. that is what obama care is gonna cost us !
our economy would absolutely boom once our businesses could stop lugging all of the insanely expensive epa regs .
if we where truly christians we encourage them to get a job not encourage them to stay off the job .
you can also start by demanding an eviction notice for the residents at 1600 penn ave. instead of ending a little aid to egypt , how about you end all of the aid to all of them .
a clean cr with no amendments should be passed immediately .
obama and the politicians have to answer to us ( including thune and noem ) check out this video of an american who is upset and concerned .
based on these soundbites , sounds like mr. brat has grown quite comfortable in the establishment he once ran against .
i glad he vetoed it
you can &apos;t cut the budget .
cindy and i are praying that god will continue giving you insight , wisdom , strength and courage to continue the good work .
he was listing what he wanted us to be remembered for and said &quot; ... be remembered because we chose more government and less freedom ... &quot;
rand paul will have many democrats supporting his ticket because he &apos;s not afraid to speak common sense .
do not impeach , arrest this administration !
abolish the income tax , then watch what happens .
under obamacare there will be 30 million americans that will be uninsured ... so other than the government controlling your healthcare where &apos;s the fantasy of all americans being insured ?
i seriously doubt if this kind of action is as widespread as mr. harper implies .
they are mad cause you are standing up for us and whats right ! !
we have a revenue problem , caused by a spending problem ..
better hold the line thom or you &apos;ll find just how many people think brannon might be a better fit .
&quot; obama outperforms reagan on jobs , growth and investing &quot; http : / / www.forbes.com / sites / adamhartung / 2014 / 09 / 05 / obama-outperforms-reagan-on-jobs-growth-and-investing / &#91; &#91; share &#93; &#93;
of course you are just a spoke in the wheel but it seems a cr is the expected outcome these days .
no compromise rand !
maybe jimmy graham can secure the border !
it is time to impeach him !
right but it all started in egypt
i don &apos;t want a conservative court and i don &apos;t want a liberal court .
for several years now you have put your party above national interest and your fellow tennesseans .
i think your only speaking the party line , you seem to pick party over country a lot , i guess your another republican that we can not trust
where &apos;s reagan when we need him ? ?
write me back and tell me how the hell she is supposed to pay for isakson care and then tell me how to comfort her when she has to put her life in the hands of a stranger .
i hope monday &apos;s news will bring statements from representatives and senators about what the various committees on which they serve plan to do to uphold law and our constitution .
in your name , we pray and ask , amen .
no common core ! !
johnny isakson is so correct .
lindsey graham take a hike .... traitor disgusting hypocrite .. typica rhino trash is right .. along with mcain ... flop over to the other side and be a liberal .
1 conservative in the senate , and the only senator receiving a perfect score for conservatism .
the real john mccain meets with proven nazi &apos;s .... how dare you meet with a nazi like this man .
vote no is a hell of a way to go
that is always our goal for all our students in south carolina .
trey , you are the man !
i want to see sasse wearing his im with her button .
senator , i met you on a plane flying into south carolina when you were supporting senator dole &apos;s presidental bid .
we are keeping her in our prayers
thad and roger want to be reelected , not serve the people they are suppose to represent , but
where were you when we needed you - too little tooo late
i think we need more to team up with gowdy and get obama stopped from his executive orders style dictatorship
obama is going to pardon anyone who is convicted before he leaves office .
congressman i do hope all of you are realizing what &quot; o &quot; is up to .
we will take america back and abolish the federal reserve too !
mike , my own personal complaint is in healthcare reform or whatever he thinks it is .
she will not help improve the educational system in north carolina nor in the united states .
there is no other candidate who can defeat either hillary or berny except of marco .
that &apos;s because the president is a muslim terrorist himself .
bravo congressman dave reichert _ hope you make for a run for the senate !
go james go ! !
corker is a far - right fanatical conservative .
patrick iannuccilli , in my estimation , they should have never stopped the draft !
anyone who thinks newt gingrich is a conservative should watch this : http : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = 02hx5v5thpk
only a few real patriots such as ted cruz , rand paul , and mike lee are holding fast .
well said bruce akins
the real kicker about all this , is that he will give the base back to cuba and putin will move in the russian navy , who will conduct war games with china off the florida coast ...... lol ..... yeah , this is going to be great !
constitutionalists / conservatives have no representation in washington .
democrats are hoping rand paul runs for potus too .
people need to stop letting the media pull at our back bones and stand up for what is right ! ! !
you cannot &quot; go along to get along &quot; we the people are watching and we will remember .
trey gowdy for supreme court ! !
why didn &apos;t you impeach obama , hillary when they let americans die .
the insurance companies were not regulated so they could drop whomever they chose to drop for chronic or pre-existing conditions .
i agree , billy bob .
mia stop preaching hate , the only goal you guys got blaming the president , and vote in favor the riches .
and , please read your emails .
he has a circle of corrupt liars supporting him and protecting him and congress needs to order independent investigations into benghazi , irs , and attacks on the media .
shouldn &apos;t the fed gov just stay out it ?
come on , tom !
be ever so true , mr. mcconnell , to what our founding fathers intended with the prestigious seat that has afforded you such longevity ; it is a privilege not a right .
obama does so , and america &apos;s in danger !
you better stop this illegal , dangerous traitor !
indeed , senator crapo has taken ~ $ 320,000.00 from big oil .
and it should definitely not take precedent over having a qualified secretary of education .
he hasn &apos;t hosted any real town hall meetings .
the house would carry for impeachment .
like the idea , however with all the attornies , tax professionals and those benefitting from our very complicated tax code i believe it would be impossible to get this through congress and senate to be bocome law .
thanks mia , but watch your back .
the president will veto hr 240. large elements of the program don &apos;t require any taxpayer funding anyway , so they proceed .
how does spending and big government , debt help our future and children ?
get rid of these terrorist .
i have strong feelings about the status of public education as it stands , but we need someone who is qualified for the job , not qualified in giving money to specific groups in order to breakdown our public schools .
you all all upset about syria and not the coptic christians in egypt that the bother hood is killing and burning the churches ... not to mention , that those fighters in syria are the brotherhood and al-qaida !
if all of the states were like chris christies , the federal gov would be set , instead we have states like ky that take nearly twice what they give ! ! !
tim scott voted in approval for the fast track of tpa , which means it allowed the 50 % of votes needed to pass , rather than the 2 / 3 that was needed .
fora obama
john mccain is the most out of touch senator in the senate , he really needs to retire .
no sir , the major issue is the budget .
i am ashamed by the political image you , rand , and now matt give our state and country .
mr. graham , i &apos;ll take that a step further .
mccain , you are a rino ...
i think it &apos;s good , notwithstanding his former trashing of ron paul , to see levin trumpeting the constitutional violations we see today .
doesn &apos;t america need this foreign aid money now !
on top of that both you and senator lee have advocated the kinds of structural changes that will ensure we never fall this far from balance again ( the bba ) .
you &apos;ll probably vote yea , on that too , need more like sen. roberts that is in washington for the people , with a spine .
our insurance plan was fantastic until obamacare !
does bringing the country together mean obama care ?
congrats mr. scott .
sounds like you are kissing azz marsha .
why don &apos;t talk about your fellow republicans having sex with someone other then their wives !
amen and god bless .
it is past time for you to resign before you do any more damage to the nation .
you are a true disappointment sen rubio .
on to philadelphia cause man you owe one to ben a big one for your lack of common sense .
so now funding is allowed to be used to enforce regulations ?
however it is true that no party and certainly not our government has closed the borders or deported the illegals or stopped visa over stays or stopped the so called refugees from muslim countries .
diane black is on the losing side of history ... again !
obama is on the tv right now saying its all the gop &apos;s fault , but he hasn &apos;t said anything about harry reid telling them he won &apos;t budge !
what a waste of a office the president is , all we have to do is stop giving away money to forgien countrys until our buget is balanced f ^ &amp; k the world let them eat fiosh heads .
neo-con who is a liberal in a rino &apos;s clothing !
now ted , go show that your words are not empty and the next time the va bill comes up vote for it .
the patient protection and affordable care act ( aca ) has been law since march 2010. the republican caucus in the house of representatives has attempted to repeal aca 40 + times since then .
i &apos;d like to hear that eric holder will be prosecuted and then his resignation .
is harry reid running the senate again ?
you should run , senator scott .
today a 4th generation north carolina us citizen carpenter is working in my house .
he needs to enforce the immigration laws !
why are members of congress not moving to have him impeached and prosecuted , answer that question for me ?
judge roberts got it right !
that &apos;s big of you paul .
that &apos;s good to know senator tillis ! !
perhaps he is lacking some qualifications but if u read his credentials he ill pick up quickly what he needs to know , plus its about time we get some new blood at work in our goverment ........... ! ! !
don &apos;t let these establishment republicans fool you , vote trump
obama wins nothing here in kentucky ! !
you idiots out in dc could have avoided the whole boehner cluster-up by not re-electing him in the first place , like we the people told you .
and he stands for principles .
senator isakson , i saw you in the crowd ! !
mia , you are breath of fresh air ...
and you must vote to have the border secured before any immigration talk can be had ... we don &apos;t want the illegals in sc and you know it ! !
congress must be held accountable for upholding the constitution .
america gave the house and the senate back to the gop only to be completely ignored and stabbed in the back .
devos is incompetent ! !
look , obama is not going to have a third term , let it go and try and get something done .
unless you want the kremlin determining our foreign policy ...
they answer to no one and make up things as they go along with citizens having no recourse .
no theresa , he is .
impeach .... take away all his power ! ! !
if mcclintock had any decency , he would not allow this hate and lying to continue .
martha , you need to ignore your speaker boehner and the other establishment republicans on this issue .
please help us senator graham !
his resignation would be good ..... or better yet ...... how he &apos;ll be leaving in handcuffs because someone grew a spine and took him to court for treason !
keep in mind that ronald reagan also ran up more debt than all his predecessors combined .
time to stop blaming bush people !
you are clueless trey gowdy , , , fear , fear , fear is all you peddle ...... we are less safe from uber driving murderers and depressed teens with assault rifles than from some jihadist in a maximum security prison
let &apos;s get rid of him , so we can concentrate on curbing the rest of the needless expenses .
bho ? i the new deal took all we had and gave it to government to take and give , according to which factions payed the most .
we all know the polls mean nothing and the establishment is terrified of your success .
you are the only republican that should be nominated .
hold his feet to the fire sir for all his corrupt , illegal acts keep up the good work sir
what make you think we believe your donation when you lied to us along with your mentor the liberal john mccain about obamacare .
they haven &apos;t done a darn thing to try and makes changes when they all were elected , they caved in to obama on everything.why on earth would we want these same idiots to run our country now ?
and obama hates the colonial nation of america .
begin by impeaching the so called president obama ! !
guess he &apos;s too busy calculating which of our constitutional rights he can eliminate next while the sheeple of this country continue to praise him ! !
whatever will happen , we stand with rand paul .
prayers sent for all !
i pray there aren &apos;t any mysterious plane crashes in the paul &apos;s future .
yourself , senator paul and commissioner comer get a big thumbs up from me .
no way stand strong .
no doubt in my mind you will be the potus one day !
then why didn &apos;t they pass a cr instead , and wait till they arrived ?
you need to represent the people of tennessee .
yea jesus
excellent idea , mr. lindsey .
the flag represents a time that no one would care to remember it &apos;s of the past they lost they need to get over it the country needs to come together !
your number one and only priority should be impeachment
neither will your immigration bill !
why don &apos;t they just tear down a and rebuild or update it or keep b &amp; c and build a tunnel between them .
the senators need to do their jobs , and hold hearings and then vote on president obama &apos;s nominee for the supreme court .
true tom &amp; we see lately how well it use to work &amp; how damaging it is when those in charge fight the fundamental founding principals of usa !
glad to here that you are keeping our military paid .
you are basically saying the government is against the american people ?
the vice president and i are both resigning immediately .
you really would do just about anything to keep your elected position , wouldn &apos;t you marsha ?
congrats mia , from texas
what is truly a shame is these malicious savage illegal aliens who come to this county from south america as well as other countries .
happy thanksgiving trey 🦃 🍁 🦃
prayers to the sc community !
nancy reagan welcome home you are with our lord and president reagan
congressman mike pompeo has taken the right stand .
i thought i knew trey gowdy but that one threw me .
irs must be held accounable for this complete disregard of the law , they are not above the law of the land ! !
that will change the dynamics on obamacare .
or are you going to keep ignoring it because you know it &apos;s the death nail to your side of the aisle ?
u need to secure the border .
&quot; not enough cuts &quot; there are no cuts !
too many people have destroyed the republican party .
i strongly encourage you to have the house trim all the spending bills to just what &apos;s necessary to run the government only .
seems the fact that obama is the worst president ever , has no foreign or domestic policy , and rains blame on everyone but himself isn &apos;t important enough for you all to get him out of there before america is a socialist state .
our southern family and died for that flag .
there an administrative and scientific agency , politics should have absolutely nothing to do with it .
if grimes gets in there we don &apos;t stand a chance ! !
you can tell by the tone of this report and i don &apos;t blame mr. gowdy , i blame obama .
i hope we clean house in 2014 and get all the dirtbags out .
it &apos;s called articles of impeachment for treason .
i do pray for france mr. gowdy however , most of my prayers are reserved for the usa , and the preservation of it .
as much as you know about obama why is he still in the whitehouse ?
alot of the men that ran for president , i could not stand , and did not think they were qualified for the president position , but i worked for the party and voted for the republican who ran .
in the pages of the final bill will be the authorization for dhs to move against the american people and it will effectively shred the constitution .
just last week bush and republicans were evil for cutting taxes along with democrats , but now increasing deficits is good and just as the evil dick cheney said , &quot; deficits don &apos;t matter &quot; !
he wants to be a ruler not a president .
we need to impeach this president .
&quot; by law &quot; ... we all know that the laws are something that don &apos;t apply to mr. obama .
thanks for all of the work you have been doing to help with candidates around the country .. we are sending back sen crapo from idaho to help keep america on track .
the gop conservatives have to double-down on their efforts to get their message out to the people , especially those who worship at the cult of a personality .
good for you johnny and good for america .
senator ted cruz needs to be stopped .
how can he do that , and shouldn &apos;t congress move to dethrone him and repeal all his executive orders ?
ron endorsed rand and rons supporters didn &apos;t even blink .... # abandonrand https : / / www.facebook.com / pages / justin-amashthomas-massie-2016 / 651394281654508
no one has or can stop him !
i highly doubt if mr. mcclintock will ever get the answer to that question .
we need our congress to stand up for us .
because obama does not want him to this shut down is what obama an reid want too happen so they can blame congress .
while i disagree with you , as one of your constituents , i would love to hear your thoughts on other issues , namely how you feel about dismantling the aca with no replacement plan in place .
when are we going to impeach his sorry hide ?
every socialist government must disarm its people so that they can enforce socialism and enforce wealth redistribution .
really ... thanks for the libertarian stance ... this is what we need , no blame or rhetoric , just good common sense
its obvious he is trying to fix the country .
shouldn &apos;t impeachment occur ?
then conference on a long term debt resolution .... that order .
exactly why the irs should be gutted , and tax reform ( small , readable for even the least of us ) should take place .
gee john you &apos;ve been in dc how long ?
this is just like the tsa taking over the protection of out air travel instead of the airlines and airports .
at least her opponent was honest about what they were going to do with obamacare .
amen ! ! &quot;
y &apos;all ran for what you believe in and got elected because of it .
let &apos;s hope so james .
nor can vern
aluh akbar----please retire while you still have a shread of dignity , then rot in hell rino .
a formal apology and a resignation
run for president , senator thune !
mr steven palazzo , i &apos;m a member of the mississippi army national guard and have twice deployed with units from your district ( 890th engineers 08 and 1108th tasmg &apos; 11 ) .
obama doesn &apos;t need any help looking weak .
&apos; n god bless you &amp; your family !
tim and charla seem to ignore their parties enormous spending and lack of accountibility .
keep fighting the good fight rand .
go further and impeach trump or declare him unfit .
just secure our borders please ! !
cuba is not drilling in us waters .
while i support ending the aca , i oppose defunding planned parenthood .
folks , suppose this is not the &quot; real &quot; senator isakson doing all this writing .
cruz is bought and paid for by texas oil producers i believe there name is nichols brothers .
i would ask you to please listen to the voices of those you represent and vote no on betsy devos ... clearly she is not the appropriate candidate ... she is not the choice of kansas
seems like ur the only one that wants to answer questions .
stop paying federal taxes !
rand come i love your politics , and defense of the constitution .
why does obama think he can regulate the internet ?
a vote for cloture is a backhanded vote for obamacare !
god bless you , tim and sue ... have a wonderful thanksgiving ! !
@ david mooney , lincoln &apos;s income tax was soon found unconstitutional , it was also just a simple 2 % flat tax .
and the president &apos;s &quot; action &quot; on immigration isn &apos;t and never was illegal .
those who give up freedom for security , soon end up with neither .
tom mcclintock is lying to us , 24 / 7 .
there is nothing stopping her from stepping up to the plate in the national media and making these unethical practicies of our congress known to the world and the people of south dakota !
1988 remember your history mitch .
u should say to obama no to save your country also from the bad results which u will get it by taking war decision aginst syria ... save your kids &amp; people by saving our country ... just say no to the war on syria
now you and your colleagues need to follow the obamacrat &apos;s cue and refuse to negotiate on anything else until obamacare is on the table .
defund the bill that nobody read until after it was passed .
amnesty will cause a fracture in the party worse than anything we have experienced to date and give the senate away .
senator isakson , i have recently sent you a petition requesting you support the us constitution as you swore to do when you were sworn into office .
they should be cutting pay for the house and senate , pay them when they work , and cut pay when they are out campaigning .
try him for treason for not upholding his oath of office .
while i &apos;m at it ... defund obamacare !
he &apos;s done nothing but run this country in the ground .
i hope that you mean that , mr. ryan .
you guys have become a joke .
senator mccain , you have always been the republican i refer to when trying to convince people that i don &apos;t follow , blindly , party lines .
no responsibility will be assigned , and none will be taken .
allowing funding for obamas illegal actions is a waste of tax payer money .
if chaffetz so called reaction is to trash trump then he is a rino also .
when did this become a conservative value ?
now on to immigration and boehner wanting to go along with it .
depends how you look at it , if we would have an republican president then the democrates would be singing this song .
now that pay stops until indefinitely till budget is balanced , please no retroactive pay either !
geeeeeeze louise , tom .
now our representatives are standing by watching all of our freedoms denied !
merry christmas to you mr trey gowdy !
where were all the white southern congressmen back then ?
impeach this imposter , this hater of america !
wisdom and government spending never go hand in hand , so the question is moot .
to date there is no gop plan .
havent heard what johanns did bet he sold us out but havent heard
good interview rand !
he did it without your help , he did it without the help of the republican establishment .
every democrat knows , the republican party has had a variety of solutions to help the legislation be bipartisan .
nothing is going to be done about it , you have the fox running the hen house !
1 ) repeal and replace obamacare .
instead of worrying about taxing the rich tax himself to lower our debt !
obamacare is here to stay as long as he is president .
please we need a real conservative in the senate !
but its okay for mccain to call conservatives crazies and loney birds he bashed ted cruz rand paul donald was just sticking up for himself
obummercare needs to no matter what , no we have to have the democraps blessing they did not ask us when they passed it , a non vote is saying you like it .
something should be done or organized to win our country and constitution back !
ted , you were only going to washington for 1 term .
we voted you guys in , to get rid of him , you have had so chances to impeach him , yet you do nothing .
maybe you and your 7 others need to go to the front lines so you can see what it is like to defend our freedom !
we need to get rid of obamacare !
secondly , james asked us for our opinion , and we obliged him .
we want him impeached , tried for treason and imprisoned at the least ! ! !
don &apos;t like it and he isn &apos;t consulting congress about a lot of other things and he is the worst president we have had since jimmy cartery
increased market share has absolutely nothing to do with increased demand .
option a. they &apos;ve screwed up enough of houston with that boondoggle .
this would for all practical purposes empty wash dc and shut down the government .
get this law repealed and obama impeached please .
i admire his honesty even when he knew it would look bad he stood his ground .
yes , god bless america and a special salute to our armed forces .
a restraint it appears the former naval officer senator mccain seems to have forgotten or ignored .
mitch hand picked trey early last year &amp; threw him a fundraiser in dc in sept . , attended by aig &amp; all bailout recepients .
mia , the people i speak with are fed up with boehner and mitch and their total lack of leadershi !
i pray for the few states that still carry on the beauty of this document .
rand paul 2010 , ron paul 2012
what responsibility does our president have in getting our country back on a sustainable fiscal path ?
congressman graves , it is my intention to make every effort to remove you from office at the next election , if i have to run against you myself .
we neen lots of &quot; wacko birds &quot; to get rid of the buzzards that have been feeding on washington for years !
i believe even the most conservative republicans can see that someone who has never even stepped in to a public school does not know how to better public education .
may god bless all our warriors in all embattled lands and in all their circumstances .
the president was wrong to bypass congress as he done before .
screw you and john boehner .
waiting and watching on fox news
god bless usa ! !
better not cut too much funding to the usgs .
tom , shut up ! ! ! ! !
the constitution is at stake .
trim the fat out of federally funded programs and you &apos;ll be well on the way to a balanced budget .
all these guys are doing is chipping away at our constitution which is in place to protect us .
go rand goooo
i pray it does .
and to complain , do nothing , and fund this stuff makes you part of the washington cartel .
were with you rand .
because all taxes finally come down to agriculture , that &apos;s why - and the welfare state wants someone else to pay those taxes .
you should have stood with rand paul defending us , the citizens of this country .
prayers for his family 🙏
still love you praying gods favor all over you !
great announcement not discussion ; u the man
what jason is finding out now is that the principles of freedom have been subordinated to the motives of advantage and self-preservation in all branches of our government .
please do everything you can to represent the will of the people and stop him senator lankford !
our president doesn &apos;t stand for any strong or proud american values
until we have a president who is for america , a new congress who work for the people and a new supreme court we will not stop all the carnage being perpetrated on our constitution and our people .
marsha blackburn you &apos;ve lost your credibility with me , a conservative , with your support of lamar alexander .
did mr chaffetz vote to cut embassy security ?
tom this president is going to continue until a civil war breaks out .
i have yet to see any dems do anything to cut spending .
yes , but you will not do anything about it - just hot air
i voted for you tim .
well i think you have to start with jesus .
ted poe you voted for the cry baby speaker so what does that make you a neo-con too ?
any idea on how fema aid will be considered for small businesses ?
that &apos;s because he did a five second flyover as he was late to a memorial that no one in west wanted him at .
if you hate mia love soo much , why are you posting on her page ?
that he &apos;s resigning and going back to his birth place , kenya ! !
with benghazi , his birth certificate and his disregard for the constitution you have plenty of reasons to impeach this traitor .
a california couple complained they were charged $ 30 in sales tax for what they were told was a free cell phone and other federal taxes that keep going up on these types of bills
make all parts of the law go into effect ... don &apos;t allow the president to carve out any parts of it .
cut spending and stop asking for still more money to waste !
we need true conservatives in the leadership of our party .
slot , if this is true it will make it lot easier for me to vote for romney .
as a conservative , i &apos;m not sure why that would be the case .
it is not the number of executive orders -- it is what he has done
and mccain too .
may god bless you and our great country - ltc kim chaney , us army
i &apos;m sure that the irs has policies about how long backups are kept .
john thune , you are a good man .
love you rand paul !
hope that &apos;s soon tom !
obviously rand you haven &apos;t been listening ? ? ?
let &apos;s try obamacare , excessive epa power and regulations , and his unwillingness to drill for oil just to name a few .
obama is simply a sadist .
we are watching and understand what voting for cloture means .
it should have been repealed before it took affect .
get rid of barry aka obama .
as senator mccain continues attacking the policies of president trump , his long-standing , but little-known association with globalist billionaire george soros is receiving new attention among his republican critics .
our government ( these institutions ) , have been perverting our constitution for the past 50 years in what they told the american people was to fix societies ills .
sounds like anothe fast and furious .
is there any of our congressmen that we need to voice our opinion in favor of cut cap
hannity just reported that our spending has jumped 19 % since obama took office .
how about impeaching obama ?
marco rubio , in addition to integrity , you have what most of the other republican candidates do not have -- you still have your youth and eventually you will become the president of the united states !
how is it that these emails are &quot; missing / lost &quot; but those regarding conservative groups are still available ?
nope , not mourning someone who was a marxist communist terrorist .
he wants to avoid war with iran and you guys want to start another one !
i agree government needs to be reduced
impeach that commie , congressman !
love mr scott too !
not repeal and replace .
submit legislation to defund the epa and eliminate it as a federal program .
disappointed in this vote sir .
i am a conservative and we have the facts right from the mouths of our pennsylvania neighbors ! !
sen. mccain is awesome !
i &apos;m embarrassed to even think that i believed you were a conservative !
we will pray for you and your family .
what can you expect from the biggest joke ever pulled on american people !
prehaps you should resign as you and your buddy mccain swore an oath to the constitution .
do not vote yes on the gang of eights amnesty bill if mccain , graham &amp; now rubio are involved , you know it democrat approved vote no !
there were , what , 40 different votes in congress attempting to get rid of obamacare ?
people don &apos;t like obama &apos;s policies ! !
what kind of stupid is obama ! !
amen saudis arabia sounds good to me .
many of whom , rely on the quality of life services whose sc state funding is supplemented by federal resources .
the gangsters of eight &apos;s amnesty bill is nothing more than a bi-partisan betrayal of the american people .
happy thanksgiving mr mccain from the middle east .
the only traitors are in the administration and white house .
no authori-tie !
sen. sasse , i have to be honest , i don &apos;t have a lot of faith or trust to place in politicians at this point .
stick a fork in obama , he &apos;s done !
government is not the answer if it ain &apos;t broke don &apos;t fix it !
sorry john here is some common sense , nations with failed states should not be allowed to enter into the us .
the whole republican party is disgusting .
you &apos;ll always have my vote so long as your values are never comprised and are in favor of the citizens of america and especially sc
citizen arrest this traitor obama !
i am an independent conservative .
if we are better off than under the bush &apos;s administrations , then obama and his demoncrat minions doubling our nations deficit is a good thing .
the american public must wake up and see what he is doing to our country .
vote against it , and if he tries to get it passed anyway impeach him .
he has done just as much good in his life as he has bad i am sure .
where is the petition : republicans to impeach the president ?
i have never believed anything this administration has said from day one .
bottom line the games in dc have to end !
get rid of obamacare .. reduce taxes !
start with the rand paul budget plan ; obama will summarily reject it .
we love you mia
be scared you traitor to the constitution .
no where in the constitution does it say funds are to be given to any privately owned business .
we are tired of the lindsey grahams and the other politicians .
&quot; now , federal judges and the sc have no such reciprocal rights over congress .
georgia spends an average of 70 million dollars each year on killing the people who have cancer with chemotherapy and radiation .
maybe we need a wacko bird to lead this country ?
he will just do what he always does blame bush
monkeys all of them , see no evil hear no evil speak no evil .
if we impeach harry reid that would be a great start
if it is allowed to benefit a lot of americans then it is going to make conservatives and the republican party look bad .
this is exactly why many of us wanted a new speaker .
i actually went to a performance today at the northeast florida conservatory .
if the enviromental nazis had been around then he never would have gotten a permit to sail .
mr mccain please he is destroying your country and he is starting to destroy the world use congress and the senate to removes him from power
if you and your colleagues really believe that and you all take your oaths to defend the constitution seriously then it is your solemn duty to protect the constitution and the american people from a tyrannical president whose only law he practices is his own .
you are a pompous , out-of-touch liberal hack who is an embarrassment to the republican party and to america !
raising the debt ceiling only opens the door to more rampant and reckless spending !
no honor nor integrity has become the norm of washington and the gop has not escaped this disgrace .
go to cuba if you want obamacare .
can &apos;t wait for rubio 2016 ! ! ! !
stop backing o &apos;bama &apos;s spy plan .
there should be no cr in the first place .
anyone for an impeachment hearing ?
they are leading to follow greece &amp; spain down the rat hole .
they are true to we the people ... graham and yourself are the wacko birds !
sir , you are stating a bill to defund pp can &apos;t be blocked .
the people of tn are saying no to devos .
i &apos;d also like to see a balanced budget amendment and an audit of the fed .
why won &apos;t trey run for president
desjarlais is a coward just like all the rest who refuse to deport and stop the moslem invasion of our state ! # !
boehner paid him off .
dr. d. you are supported here in grundy co. please address how we are handeling the egypt situation .
obama sheep say worship him !
sorry , but i am a conservative that is not at all on board with devos .
another good question from you rand !
now , what are you and the other representatives who have given unelected officials at the epa this power , going to do to rectify the situation ?
please sir , stand firm ... assure spending is cut and obamacare defunded .. that is why we sent you to dc and then again !
here is an example of our tax system .
it seems clear that misters trump , ryan &amp; mcconnell have no intention of ever actually &quot; replacing &quot; the aca if they can repeal it .
go jerry .
marco , i voted for you on super tuesday .
but i will not forget , and will remind any fanboy that tries to say what a great guy you are , that when it mattered , you voted for boehner .
you &apos;re a good man , but we want someone who is truly conservative and unwilling to bend to the establishment in dc .
you need to be clear and not let obama make his own illegal laws .
he has done anything but bring down this great country .
we conservatives never supported obamacare , think it is bad law and never will support it .
i am confident that you did not actively listen to to what your oklahoma teachers had to say on this matter .
stop being an obstructionist , mitch .
please remember that you serve texas families and vote no on betsy devos &apos; confirmation .
it &apos;s really important because he ultimately might impede trump from passing laws and repealing obamacare !
while you go on and on about what the facts will show is the very best president in history , you idiots with your stupid opinions have been the biggest roadblock that the president has gone around .
case in point being the last presidential election and the outrageous fraud that put the puppet bo back into office .
especially when we have a muslim leading in prayer to ali in the us house and the house of representatives is bowing while the muslim is praying to ali .
sir , you are blessing to so many .
&quot; providence has given to our people the choice of their rulers &amp; it is the duty , as well as the privilege &amp; interest , of our christian nation to select &amp; prefer chirsitans for their rulers . &quot;
will , too bad your dad didn &apos;t instill any basic christian values in you .
i wish we lived in s.c. my son was born at the naval hospital in beaufort 7 / 20 / 1969 .
an example of people abusing data access ( imho ) seems to be the irs .
he &apos;s got the president on his side and they both continue to reign over this country as if they were the last say and until they say .. we can sit on it .. talk , talk , talk for 5 years ... no real action on anything .. fed up with whole process or lack of ..
mia for president ... seriously .
if the repubs had gotten their act together to actually negotiate this cliff deal , then they might have gotten more spending cuts.obama offered them more spending cuts several times .
don &apos;t try to ever tell me about being a fiscal conservative .
it sound like the corker bill will play right into obama &apos;s hand .
obama is focused on &quot; optics &quot; ... has no concern for keeping this country safe .
hope you can help tim .
if you weren &apos;t an establishment sellout and backed djt when he first became the nominee her emails would be a moot point .
better yet , how will this administration get away with this ! ! !
why isn &apos;t the house having a vote every day to defund obamacare and send it to harry reid and make him turn it down or bring it up for a vote .
good , you &apos;ve been mia for your people for a long time .
i suppose fox has got you lamebrains scared shitless of isis .
loving the points you and senator cruz are making .
anyone that signs onto a plan that targets spending cuts , then tries to add increasing revenue ( taxes ) to the plan , all the while blaming everyone else for the problem in the first place , cannot be trusted at all to do what is right .
holder to be impeached .
mccain the shit
good luck mia , from mayville , wisconsin .
it seems to me that obama supporters cling to the belief that no matter what this fool does it is good for the country .
the constitution is under attack .
you were ok with bush using drones to kill people .
denise b. is correct .
clowns like mcclintock think they are fighting for the people , but the reality is the majority of california &apos;s people repeatedly reject his rightwing agenda .
go figure , he is only the worse presedent since carter , both idiots , and so is christie obviously , but no one is pulling the war crimes card on obama .
they have behaved as enemies of the constitution .
represent the grass roots and don &apos;t cave in when the crazies start complaining .
don &apos;t forget benghazi and the americans that were given no help .
ditto kenny
my children , 3rd and 6th graders in texas public schools , deserve a leader who is fluent in the challenges , opportunities , and current debates within public education .
i sincerely fear the enemy has already infiltrated our homeland and it &apos;s just a matter of time before our world is nothing like we &apos;ve known or ever want to know .
how is she going to improve our low percentage of tn residents with higher education degrees ?
it is unfortunate the executive branch is devoid of that trait .
impeach obama - enough is enough
wish you would have voted in committee to compel the president to release his tax returns .
if trey gowdy steps up he would be great too .
the patriot act takes away freedoms ... i thought we were supposed to be fighting for freedom , not against it .
chris christie is drinking the kool aide . &quot;
the american people will lose more in investments than it would cost to fund o care .
nebraska got illegals from mexico , and gov .
more government waste of our tax dollars ! ! !
some folks are pissed that mcsally voted for the bill funding obama &apos;s amnesty thing , and they stated that they will never , ever vote for mcsally again .
next , cut spending back to pre-obama levels .
impeach this scoundrel !
thx marsha ! !
of course in the hyper partisan world of trent franks it automatically becomes obama &apos;s fault .
then go to work and be a good little marco
obama &apos;s not clueless , he knows exactly what he &apos;s doing .
obama is funded by iran .
that &apos;s 100 percent why all true conservatives should get behind trump .
congress and the president need to stop harassing us .
praying for his family and friends !
flat tax , we are taxed to death on anything and everything we do from working to buying
the senate knows a huge majority of the country is against obamacare , and they know the damage it is doing to our country , but they do not care !
also , if the government &quot; shutsdown &quot; does this affect the james lankford family income as it should any government employee ?
i would suggest a fair tax .
i &apos;ll be watching in north carolina .
thanks for your service sir .
maybe o will go to africa and be their president ... hope , hope ! !
putting our future in the hands of another committee b / c congress can &apos;t get it done .
you now shun alternative media and cater to big media .... the only reason i keep these notifcations is to see how badly you destroy the grass routes following your daddy developed .... fall in line rand , its written all over you ...
what the senate has done , is to effectively open the borders to any and all comers , with no fear of being sent back to their country as illegal .
she is absolutely unqualified to be secretary of education .
the last debt ceiling was supposed to be used to pay our bills , but the deficit is still going up at a faster rate , it makes the space shuttle look like a snail .
since impeachment is done based on the sediment of the people and is ruled on by the senate , this may take a while .
i &apos;ve had it with him acting like he is king and had it with you guys standing by and letting him do it without so much as a peep out of you .
this is exactly why i voted for you sir
do not rely on conservative news sources to tell your story .
stop the treasury from monetizing the debt .
we got rid of obama &apos;s # 1 guy in nov ... now let &apos;s get rid of his # 2 guy ! ! !
ever since obama went into office my husbands job has been cut back by 20000 on the year and our insurance has went from 20 a month to 150 a month .
trey gowdy , it is your responsibility to impeach obama , treason - paying ransom for hostages , stopping fbi from inditing hillary for corruption ( clinton foundation pay for play ) it is not too late !
lambasting a &quot; pause &quot; in &quot; refugees &quot; while using the french flag image on the profile pic .
do not allow boehner &amp; house rs to take americans &amp; this nation over the fiscal cliff !
one thing is very clear , john boehner and the republican leadership truly fear even the thought of a government shutdown and everyone knows it .
susie flaherty , going over the cliff would have been even better for obama .
israel needs to turn mossad loose on him !
defund obamacare or the affordable care act / tax , or whatever it is that you want to call it .
i &apos;m praying for an arrest before tuesday .
ha ha ha your a little late to the party .
james - if we can &apos;t fix the financial part of government and do whatever it takes to pay our debtors - obama care will be a mute point .
you are only in office because the oklahoma public is so pathetically apathetic .
support defunding / postponing obamacare .
a vote for obama in 2012 was a vote for obamacare .
mr king you are a pig
john mccain ... you must vote no on devos .
no way can i vote for the communist / socialist party .
my prayer to my beloved heavenly father jesus christ is to come down fromheaven &amp; save our country from these dictators .
our government is just plain stupid ! ! !
i really can &apos;t understand why they mock and slam bush for simply defending our country !
we don &apos;t need another kay hagen
please reconsider your vote - please vote no to devos .
we need to stand firm in support of our second amendment rights .
sunday afternoon ice cream at the thune house was such a huge treat !
arise , o god , judge the earth !
if romney loses he will vote against raising the debt ceiling .
do not cave in to the democrats .
total agreement with repealing obamacare !
you have already proven you are not capable of serving &quot; all americans , &quot; so why don &apos;t you just cut with the bs at this point ?
are you going to help ted cruz and me ?
great job rand
bring lindsey along .
can we add term limits to all elected positions while we are at it ?
prayers to you and your family during this very difficult time ... god bless senator scott 🙏
while other floridian candidates tend to itemize travel expenses , mr. rubio billed more than $ 51,000 in unidentified travel expenses to his committee .
don &apos;t hold your breath tom .. he wants what he wants ! ! !
shut up traitor .
that should jump start the economy , ease budget woes and protect us all .
here we go again--- john mccain will aggressively go after house gop members for not voting on the senate-passed immigration amnesty bill .
netanyahu was a problem the last time in was in office in the late 90 &apos;s and he is still part of the problem this go around .
china even warns us about obama taxing &amp; spending .
run rand , run
you pray for the living or may i ask why would you think you need to pray for the dead ?
and by the way obama care sucks !
raising the debt limit just gives congress more money to spend and more limo &apos;s for the obama administration to buy .
please send that to bo and tell him what is really the truth not what he trys to tell the nation with his talking points .
our forefathers put check in balances in place and it seems the mr. obama and congress and senate chose to follow instead of making a stand !
obama is a f * % # liar he lied about when he was born how the hell did he win plus he sm
there are also several sources saying that many of the illegal immigrants the feds tried to release in murietta had scabies and at least 1 of the border control agents caught them .
that &apos;s why house majority was elected in 2010 &amp; 12. liberal press hates republicans anyway so tell them to f.o.
yesterdays vote on speaker of the house was a bad sign on listening to the ppl !
marco come back ! ! !
initiating impeachment proceedings against president donald j. trump .
you and your fellow rinos need to pound sand !
mia , you are perfect president material !
and the answer would be ( muslim ) ( karan bible ) and ( allah ) and a deeply imbedded hate for christianity of which obama has already stated that america is no longer a christian nation .
devos is a clown , dont be a moron .
if they don &apos;t let rand paul on stage then all of america will know that fox is no better than the liberal &apos;s and can &apos;t be trusted .
i can just see a scenario of a conservative man of the cloth having a heart attack and the irs delaying his health care simply because they don &apos;t agree with his beliefs .
americans , read the obama care pages and stop complaining .
it &apos;s time to shine a light on those who are not upholding their oaths to uphold and defend the constitution .
i am offended that the administration is providing billions of usaid to &quot; victims , &quot; and congress approved the budget .
get vocal trey make noise expose the ones that aren &apos;t doing their job !
thanking god for our military who defends our freedoms !
sounds like a flat tax .
rand paul should be in new administration !
mia , i don &apos;t believe he cares what they rule .
i wish i knew the answer to that scott !
god bless us all and god bless the united states of america !
how many of you who say do not cave have been affected by the shutdown ?
each of us has been declared a ruler , as in a king , unto themselves , by the declaration of independence and the constitution .
lol ... a vote by the people of the state of oklahoma is unconstitutional ! !
i am proud to live in oklahoma with you representing us ! !
it is about time ryan !
obama is cleverly attempting to &quot; set precedent ! &quot;
barry is not a smart man .
i like cruz , rubio , carson , and fiorina .
when someone uses their all important vote for a &quot; conservative &quot; , they really expect a conservative , not a liberal .
if he knows our constitution so well , why isn &apos;t he upholding it as he swore to do .. twice , now ?
we need some people in washington to quit talking and do something .
eric holder is helping obama in his cover-ups .
god bless and we &apos;re still rubio all the way !
lets all just stop paying taxes then what money will they have to give away ..
we need more politicians like john mccain to stand up for us an the policies of the us and run all of these rug rats out of the us and ban their re-entry ! .
it would be nice if on freedom day , we were able to play online poker .
go cruz go !
exciting to see you off to washington d.c.
defund and repeal obamacare don &apos;t forget : fast and furious .
my congressman from de voted no of course
however , georgia is a lowly 35th in number of uninsured and , although obamacare has helped the poorest , the refusal to expand medicaid has kept our numbers of uninsured among those states with the most dismal records on covering its citizens !
it &apos;s people like you mia that keep me from throwing in the towel .
obama &apos;s proposed fy2012 budget , and $ 1.3 trillion for spending that the republican-controlled house already voted for .
thus , these are my picks in the order of who will be most effective in doing that and whom i conceive to be true statesmen : 1.ted cruz 2. rand paul 3. carly fiorina 4. ben carson the rest are politicians , puppets , and power mongers looking to promote their own careers .
sen. thune a big disappointment not running for president .
&quot; unfortunately , there is not language in the agreement to enforce a key provision in obamacare that requires members of congress and their staffs to get their health insurance through the health insurance exchanges established under obamacare . &quot;
if they don &apos;t want to fund or implement aca , they can either pass a law repealing it or pass a law reforming it .
you need to do a town hall in pequannock .
if you do not stand for the r you need to get out of office .
go mia go ! !
trust no one !
i am a rubio supporter .
&quot; if you can &apos;t make them see the light , make them feel the heat &quot; -ronald reagan
please impeach o
patriot act is tyranny in the making .
no contender bruce , you are a friend of all veterans !
i am incredibly disappointed in you mr rubio .
marco 2012 !
james comey was placed in an impossible situation and may have handled it brilliantly .
we are going to get rid of is party and everyone that stands behind him we the people will vote these idiots out
if the gop wanted fiscal responsibility we would have it at least out of the house ...
you owe ben carson an apology !
treasury printing money with nothing to back it , like monopoly money
is it just me , or should we be concerned that the establishment is granting rand so much air time ?
same goes for cuba which is possibly more important than iran , because they are our neighbors .
y &apos;all are done ..... enjoy your last years in washington .
he is definately a true patriot .
yes i think you need to be impeached and so does obama .
every political organization that applies for tax exempt status should be investigated .
we need to repeal the patriot act !
are there truly not enough true conservatives up there that will have backbone enough to say &quot; we &apos;re not gonna do this ? &quot;
.. , 1.cubans will never vote for a democrat , , too much like castro , , , and they want normal relationships with cuba only over castro &apos;s dead body
i appreciate your trip to the border , but we need to close it down to illegal crossings .
rubio is just another political media mongrel trying to get in the spotlight .
dream on , li &apos;l mitch .
mccain , you are a traitor to america ! !
will our government secure our borders and get any of the recent &apos; refugees &apos; out of this country or are the people going to have to rise up with torches and pitchforks and do it themselves before we look like paris ?
the president was elected by the american people to protect and defend all americans .
sign petition to remove flake from office he disgraces !
boots on the ground , rand !
gop again wasting millions of tax $ $ on benghazi &quot; probes &quot; http : / / www.huffingtonpost.com / 2014 / 03 / 25 / pentagon-benghazi-cost _ n _ 5031095.html ? ncid = fcbklnkushpmg00000013 &#91; &#91; share &#93; &#93;
when illegals can get free housing .
and do not break the law of the land as it refers to the debt ceiling .
he just wants things done his way !
please continue the fight for fiscal discipline in dc , the majority of americans want this congress to stop the out of control spending in dc .
as one of your constituents , i beg you to reconsider this vote .
lill marco wants to run for re-election ?
loosing faith in both parties .... especially don &apos;t trust obama
well , rand , what &apos;cha gonna dew ?
are you going to stand around writing bills or take a stand to uphold and defend the constitution ?
impeach obama sooner the better !
janet napolitano is already working on the southern border security strategy because she &apos;s the last person that would slow down the amnesty should the bill actually pass .
johnny , i would have been so proud if you had been with ted cruz .
yeah except for assholes like mccain and graham .
the affordable care act is the law of the land and it &apos;s already funded .
this scum-sucking-bottom-feeder-pretend-potus needs to go before he can spend any more of china &apos;s money
obama has reached this point at least once every week or two .
during the debt ceiling debate , obama had set jul 22nd as his deadline for the bill with a debt ceiling increase .
can &apos;t stand graham .
as early as 1798 , thomas jefferson wrote : &quot; i wish it were possible to obtain a single amendment to our constitution .
i am sick of our government ruining our country .
some hoosier officials as of late have proven they cannot keep their hands out of the till .
just another lawyer in black robes with a god complex ..... that judge needs to be impeached
* * * notice the section &apos; unprepared or unqualified .
impeach oboma !
you didn &apos;t care about that flag until now .. then you slapped out state in the face .
so , lay off paul for not initially supporting him .
keep your values , senator rubio !
a little too late !
get that pop out of the wh
when will you all get a backbone and say no before its to late
ok trey - do something about it instead of talk about it
stand straong and don &apos;t give in to those that want to destroy this great country of our .
we all knew obamacare was going to be a disaster .
who cares if our muslim enemies die ?
glad you &apos;re on the job scott , at least the republican majority can prevent a lot of obama &apos;s spending .
amnesty has been done twice before with all the associated promises of most of the same freaking liars making them this time .
reform the tax code .
i understand that franklin graham &apos;s samaritan &apos;s purse is there already helping them .
we need to be the parent not washington , lets turn it around !
wish you had been the nominee .
just balance the budget , time to be held accountable and take responsibility for the situation the country is in and stop pointing fingers ... once again !
obamacare , fiscal debt and reckless spending , laws / bills that apply to citizens that exempt congress and amnesty !
voting on debt ceiling is like me running up spending bills and later deciding that i shouldn &apos;t have spent so much and deciding that i am therefore am not going to pay the bills .
no other name under heaven does anything to answer prayer for our nation .
good luck with trying to repeal it !
it &apos;s been changed over time , but most recently says that no federal funding is available for abortions unless the mother &apos;s life is in danger or in cases or rape or incest .
the love of it and all the concerns if one has a lack of it timothy 6 : 10 but many use religion having no godly guidance make many silly errors .
our family is voting for you mitch !
close our southern border and stop flights from ebola-infested west africa .
simply put : conservatives need to grow some balls .
the voters sent a clear message we are tired of the good old boys politics
we will not be voting for hope that you don &apos;t run paul broun us senate
but of course obama &apos;s death is ok for someone like you to hope for and to encourage the american people to carry out .
i had to look up senator tim scott .
bush has the stones obama lacks .
rand , all you can keep doing is speaking the truth and educating the unwashed masses , and you &apos;re awesome at it ..
it is suicide to pay to bring the enemy to america .
merry christmas marsha .
what the hell is wrong with you mccain
cindy , you nailed it when you said congress has no backbone .
at least a 10 % reduction in the government spending .
repealing or improving it is .
congress needs to start standing up to this terrorist we call president .
bruce , i appreciate your stance , but it seems this president is bent on doing whatever he wants , regardless of the will of the people or the us congress .
why would anyone care what rand paul says ?
it &apos;s too bad you , mr tillis , brought setting up the state exchange for us to the house floor and it passed .
i demand we revoke obama immediately
i can , he is a traitor !
i speak as one of your sc constituents .
wish mediacom provided fox business channel
i &apos;m in for flat or fair tax .
no we are not better to risk losing .
he made a solemn oath to uphold the constitution and he is using to wipe his feet !
y &apos;all impeached clinton for a blow job but he is selling out to iran !
sounds like the communist
pray for america !
they are scott , their staffs are exempt too .
not letting the republican right throw away another $ 24 billion and further wreck our reputation with another government shutdown would definitely be a positive step .
almost nothing else coming from cornyn makes much sense , but this is good .
tom is my congressman .
i doubt he will be impeached .
the death tax !
i will be patient for impeachment and repeal til then , but give em hell til then !
voting for obamacare .
you need to have something better or comparable ready to go before any repeal happens .
less attacks and more about ur promises , we know the card emily is and that &apos;s not worth spending time on .
we need someone who can stand up to obama and go toe to toe - not go golfing ! !
it &apos;s in the precious name of jesus christ we pray , amen !
dr carson is an independent ! !
get rid of the tsa .
leave christie for sopranos remake ..
a year is just a band aid anyway .
should he be able to nominate a judge to replace scalia , the same as reagan was ?
but presidential candidate rand paul is an idiot .
if our commander in chief wanted isis rendered ineffective , it would have been done a year ago .
but thanks for reminding me about cuba .
preach it , brother !
i hope you get arrested and tried for treason along with your boyfriends .....
ee know who it is marco .
impeach , then try him for treason !
good point tom larabee , paul still did not see that i misspelled a word , either that or he just did not take the bait , i &apos;m just a big a a-hole as he is but i think he is just flustrated .
suck an egg , ted cruz .
keep the battle flag flying ! !
thanks for nice gesture ... but we voted for u to repeal obamacare !
i would really like to hear less about how bad kay hagan is and more about what you will bring .
&quot; give me liberty or give me death &quot; patrick henry , and as things are moving now , with this president ignoring our constitution , the restrains toward government must be enforced .
marsha , what do you not understand about the people , the majority of voters , elected president obama twice ... including his policies .... not your trickle down lobbyist policies .
meanwhile , we &apos;re winding down 2 wars , so borrowing money from china and military spending won &apos;t be seen in as high of rates as they have been .
congratulations mr. ryan you finally use mr. trump &apos;s name .
he was a socialist by todays republican standards ! ! ! !
wyoming is at a 4.6 % unemployment rate , lower that the rest of the nation .
he gives our money to terrorists ... and rewards criminals with amnesty .
do not vote for a single tax hike if its not matched by spending cuts !
and for ignoring how grossly incompetent she is for this job .
go martha go !
so hang in there in all the plateitudes about the senate , or stand up an be a leader and take it to harry reid and all his special interests .
please pass the clean cr and then negotiate the aca .
talk to the rest of those idiots and make them see what the heck they are doing
he allows our enemy to murder our men on our own soil , he promotes islam , he spreads hate !
we have a pool of qualified candidates to choose from so why are we choosing the billionaire with no experience in helping our public school children ?
over ride his veto .
now we need a balanced plus a lot less budget amendment so we can get out of this crippling debt .
you bring nothing but shame to north carolina .
still time to vote no !
we have to fight obamacare .
if mr. trey gowdy thinks he &apos;s the man then i &apos;m all for him ! !
as a long term republican it will mean the end of the party and the end to your time in washington .
paul ryan and the gop say that , which does not make it any truer now than it was in july .
bruce accuses his emily of having a liberal voting record .
his policies are doing exactly what he has planned .
i hope that you don &apos;t become one of obummer &apos;s puppets and have the guts to stand up to this dictator
you lost my ear john mccain .
if you don &apos;t keep your word , this will be the end of the republican party .
god forbid he wants to see the country safe , secure and economically stable and stop the invasion at the border .
don &apos;t want the enemy messing with our ally
i think it &apos;s time tennessee drained its swamp .
unfortunately senator mccain too often has said the sensible idea but put party ahead of country .
mccain is jealous of your successful filibuster .
you signed grover norquist &apos;s taxpayer protection pledge dave .
the constitution states that the sitting pres nominate a replacement .
time for some checking as there is no balance right now .
they continue to knowingly support the obama lies .
balanced budget amendment and term limits for congress is the only redemption we have left , except god himself .
the president can veto the wishes of 535 members of congress .
the dems have enough rinos in their pocket to make sure they get what they want .
where &apos;s ole sam adams when we need him again .
i think it is past time ti impeach the president .
just think , if the irs can target conservatives with taxes and 501c-4 status , what do you think they will do when they are in control of our health ? ! ?
again tim the athiest is thanking god .
you talk about being against obamacare , but you proved otherwise with your actions .
trey gowdy or louie gomert for speaker .
no , repeal it !
the people didn &apos;t want obamacare but here it is and now this .. congress does what it wants , votes how it wants , and the people have no say .
no balanced budget amendments or so-called strong reforms will justify raising it .
mccain would have opposed thatcher the entire way .
obama hasn &apos;t helped with anything but creating more problems ! !
obama should be held responsible for these deaths also , and impeachment proceedings should be brought against this dunce .
congress needs to raise tax rates for the wealthy .
reagan definitely
that is the surest way to &quot; reduce government spending , lower taxes , and turn around the economy &quot; .
i will vote for the libertarian party candidate in the general election .
standing with you rand .
no constitutional right is absolute .
f , obama
obamacare will shutdown america and the hope of reviving our constitutional republic .
is it that good lee
because his party wasn &apos;t supporting him , they were supporting his opponent , marco rubio .
why did they fail to raise the debt ceiling during that time ?
if our own military doesn &apos;t arrest him , i fear that our spineless representatives will do nothing but stand by in wait for the term to expire .
kentucky is looking better all the time .
coincidentally the media missed the 200 + bills passed by the house &amp; ignored by the senate which cut the spending , scope , &amp; size of the government .
i respectfully disagree with you and hope you will reconsider your support for her .
what &apos;s this someone in washington with some common sense and understands what really is going on with the overreach and forever overpowered mindset of our president
amazing , senator graham your comment was completely neutral all the way through .
none of them have been demonstrated , ergo i take the stance that there is no deity .
nicely said mr. george chase !
it is important to have secure borders but let us have a practical approach that will work .
getting aid to invaders is treason .
tim , i am seeing growing frustration and anger over things like this -- actually everything concerning bo and his administration , e.g. , all the scandals and lies , not to mention the &quot; in your face &quot; golf games , extravagant vacations and fundraisers .
have you ever heard of veto .
i plead with you to rethink your support of betsy devos .
pat breaux , the executive branch submits budget requests to the hor , it was reagan spending that money and trying to blame dems .
we &apos;re proud of ya rand .
first of all , sen. moran cannot bring articles of impeachment against the president because he is not a member of the house of representatives .
for 8 years you have had your chance to impeach obama , and even after the violence and loss of lives you failed to impeach .
please note that the &quot; beloved &quot; ronnie reagan raised the debt by 186 %
yes we brought back one of our own that only god knows what he has indored in there hands but at the same time 5 top taliban leaders .
way to go senator isakson .
on my knees praying for our great nation ... may god bless our country in a new direction ! ! !
amen i agree
i do not watch or listen to obama , i find that intolerable , will read reports afterward , he will lie his way out of it anyway .
true conservatives are behind you , rand !
thank- you lets pray there is enough of them up there that cares enough to pass this
james i don &apos;t understand why the republican controlled congress has not exposed this shut it down during the last 3 years .
: - / no how about voting to shut down obamacare and stop amnesty !
it &apos;s crippling and our tax dollars are just funding these leeches .
barry soetoro is a fraud and he and holder were trying to destroy the 2nd amendment with their crimes .
and , by the way , harry reid is the most honest and honorable mormon in government .
put all of the money in an untouchable acct that we the people can contribute to and this will be our social security acct that the president and all of his minions are using our money for all of his little vacations .
so , how stupid does the admin .
but i find it difficult to trust you after misleading the public that a government shut down is the way to defund obama care .
rep. king needs to take mccain by the hand and walk away into the sunset .... preferably over a cliff ! !
there are many , many reasons this 20 year old may not have medical insurance , and it isn &apos;t up to me or the conservatives to judge whether those reasons are valid or not .
you guys have so much to do and so many important things on which to focus , one of which is benghazi , and another is the irs scandal .
you are so right tom mcclintock ...
rand i have a new name for you a tea party thug .
if its unlawful then stick it to him .
i am a moderate but i will blame the republican party if the government is shut down .
you are a great leader senator mccain .
bring some sense to our government !
disillusioned , disgusted and furious .
we can &apos;t throw him out of office or undo the last election .
stop withdrawing your support speaker paul ryan
paul ryan are you insane ?
i have had enough of socialist lite .
reagan said &quot; trust but verify . &quot;
i continue to wonder how the body politic can continue to nominate the likes of trump , sanders and clinton , when we have such intelligent , knowledgable and caring people like trey gowdy .
we the people deserve truth by our elected officials .
i know this isn &apos;t easy , but the lord has gone before you .
congratulations &amp; god bless you !
the trick of the devil he is getting all his people in postions there so they can be fooled all i can say is jesus is soon to come and people need to be ready ! ! ! !
yes , i believe obama definitely has us on the wrong track !
no either defund it let it go fully into affect and do not exempt congress , big business , unions , medicare or anyone else .
you marsha blackurn ! what are you prepared to do about it !
carson / cruz
house determine what money is spent ... responsible for paying for all obamas illegal activities
thank god that we have a true conservative like dean representing us in nv .
no i am not a right wing conservative .
he would make a fantastic speaker .
that is why paul ryan bill will change medicare so the party of no can kill it .
option b. i live in this area , and getting anywhere without a car is a nightmare .
30 cent tax .
her next project is to repeal obamacare and investigate benghazi benghazi benghazi benghazi !
we pray that someone can stop him before it is to late for this country we so dearly love and severed without question .
so out of you 2000 pre-screened callers you still only got 73 % to say repeal it ?
for quite a few years you &apos;ve been talking about repeal and replace .
i believe you are correct james .
wow mitch mcconnell really ?
i will never agree with mccain on anything he says .
guess you are a day late and a dollar short .
no if and &apos;s or butt &apos;s ... obama needs to think of american &quot; s first so do all of you who work for us americans .
i would never vote for this man rand paul is the man who will stand up for us .
you will not receive my vote because we got nothing out of this .
and when are y &apos;all going to start ?
i &apos;m sure harry reid supports this common sense bill .
sam , you are a great disappointment , you should resign !
the government should stay away from education .
please impeach him and biden .
ben carson , he embodies integrity , intelligence , courage , humility , which is strength !
merry christmas to the paul family !
wish you had been man enough to stand up sooner but you were weak kneed too long now we could care less about your opinion.you have proven to be just another spineless politician working only for yourself .
keep going with the piece mail ... there is no constitutional reason to pass the budget as one large one .
we can pay for it by cutting a bunch of the junk programs we have that are doing no good .
i would like to report to brooks county republican party your reasons for voting against the paul budget
aca isn &apos;t worth default and or crippling the recovery such as it is .
you should have been there from the start .
and 2 ) why is the normal 2 / 3 majority in the senate no longer needed ?
your way or the highway and no compromise
even worse since america has already seen her work the last time the clinton &apos;s were in the wh .
the longer majority leader reid sits on the sidelines , the closer america gets to the fiscal cliff .
obama has relegated the us to a position of an unremarkable country no longer in position to act as the world &apos;s policeman .
he is bypassing congress since his ideas will not float there .
one more thing , i have seen our congressman &quot; out in the district &quot; working with arkansasns , not vacationing .
its funny as snot that snowden is considered a traitor , when biden and others &apos; leaked &apos; information out that would serve their agenda , this government if full of liers
praying for you during this difficult time .
people are waking up and you are not doing right by the people of oklahoma and the united states .
media should stay out of it and let the candidates duke it out .... trump 2016
you are a traitor and you and the republican congress are committing and act if treason on par with the 9 / 11 terrorists
please continue to uphold american principles and the constitution !
a lot of you need to do some research on the freedom act and then contrast with the patriot act .
then get rid of reagan &apos;s emtala , and all of the democrats &apos; socialistic &quot; entitlements &quot; ... ie welfare and let the church do what it &apos;s supposed to do .
was his mouth moving when he said that marsha , if so he was lieing .
mr. scott !
2 ) can they continue spending , if the debt ceiling isn &apos;t lifted ?
fire obama would be a great start
i &apos;d rather you be a constructional conservative than the establishment republican that i am convinced that you are .
we don &apos;t want a socialist marxist country is why we don &apos;t want republicans working with hussien .
i will vote out rep. austin scott nov 2014 and yourself in nov 2016 if you both vote yes for this action .
i would like this more if obama ( snake in the grass ) didn &apos;t have anything to do with it , but ted since you voted for it , i &apos;m with ya .
obama being arrested for treason sounds about right .
help our kids by getting the government out of education .
debra , if it &apos;s a principled conservative you want for gov . , randy brogdon is your guy .
you are going into the lions den ... will be praying for you !
thanks guys and thanks rand paul !
&gt; steve ahlers matt , we have enough evidence of what this kenyan wants to do to private citizens to know we cannot trust him on anything &quot; saying it doesn &apos;t make it so .. cite your evidence your proof ... or is obama guilty until proven innocent .. ?
teachers deserve more respect than mrs. devos wants to give us .
america wants the irs gone ! ! !
i am one of those trying to hold up the table and if i had money to get good tax attorneys i would be able to get better tax breaks .
this is not the libertarian way .
are you running these illegals out of sc yet ?
corruption is neck deep within our government at this time but you trey gowdy have been a beacon of hope and determination for our country fighting for the constitution , america and the american people .
good job thom tillis
shut the thing down and get the disaster repealed
i want to know where you stand on &quot; defunding , or , not funding obama care .
with the crisis we are facing maybe you should be doing your job that you were sent to washington to do .
instead of removing the flag remove the shooter the flag did nothing stop taking our history away .
its about getting back to the one true god the us was founded on .
these are wasteful efforts focused on bigotry , when your constituents here in georgia want you to give your attention here to the things we need .
i just heard on the news you insist that the president not do his constitutional job .
none of you have the guts to remove your boss .
tell boehner to wake up .
why allow a rogue government continued existence without recourse for those who lost property and lives during the communist takeover .
why doesn &apos;t people stand up to this man and impeach him for all the laws he has broken !
i am calling on all rubio supporters to volunteer to make calls , donate , and hit the ground and stop the democrats and trump + cruz .
essentially you voted to keep obama care ! !
maybe confirm a more qualified candidate next time instead of listening to your wallet .
as far as the american prisoners go they knew where they were going to break the law and they knew the consequences ........ the same as iranian law breakers in this country ......... don &apos;t go to iran simple enough .
too much .. epa , doe ( energy and education ) .. no funding for acorn or subsidiaries , cut back foreign aid .. for starters
you &apos;re a liar just like obama .
so you only support the constitution when the constitution supports you .
ron paul &apos;s suggestion is the only one that killed the debt ceiling debate until we can come up with a better solution .
paul ryan does not represent me .
it &apos;s a fake designed to fail , like the trojan horse so you won &apos;t look at what he is actually doing to the country with the nsa , homeland security and others , he is gearing up to be the first dictator .
we have taxed enough and now lets cut spending .
lets cut the foreign aid and let them hate us for free .
rand , don &apos;t let those people wear you down and turn into one of them .
if this were your true &quot; convictions &quot; on illegal immigration you would never endorse the author of the gang of eight amnesty bill .
i hope , along with you mia , the tenth circuit court of appeals will reverse this ruling .
you should have let obama shut down the government !
how alec , the koch brothers and the tea party congress tried to destroy the constitution http : / / nomadicpolitics.blogspot.com / 2013 / 05 / how-alec-koch-brothers-and-tea-party.html &#91; &#91; share &#93; &#93;
i wonder if senator graham reads any of our post , just in case he does , i work in the school cafeteria .
when he said months ago that if assad used chemical weapons , they would cross the red line for his administration concerning military action .
given that the senate has passed no budget in 4 years .
no big surprise and so well said , mr .
there are more than 21,000 likes on rand &apos;s status in less than 5 hours .
emily cain has never held a job let alone create one
if you have not put your life on the line to legally remove obama and the other democrats and traitor republicans then you are a traitor and will be voted out of office asap !
well lindsey , you got caught with your pants down .
trent , having you as my congressman is an embarrassment.i hope you keep on saying stupid and bigoted things , because eventually you won ; t even be able to gerrymander a district that is ignorant enough to re-elect you .
amen brother hatch .. now get the budget under control .
i would have to chime in w / the rest as well .... why would a &quot; major campaign announcement &quot; air on a &quot; rivaling offensive channel &quot; and not one that actually &quot; supports &quot; marco rubio ? ? ?
give federal land back to the states as required by the enabling acts .
this administration has no guts , no honor and i want this administration to know my god is bigger and my god has already won ! !
would love to get gas tax back to state administration rather than fed .
a little late for urging congress to get to work and do their job don &apos;t you think ?
doyle webb : i ask the same question but , they are not going to answer that one.either way they answer will make them liars.now with this shooting in chattanooga , there is an american flag in the picture .
most of the republican party leadership repudiated him this weekend .
james is just what we need .
so obama wanted to gut the military .
defund the un and kick them out of our country .
in the meantime we continue to be fed empty promises by republican politicians who have done absolutely nothing to fulfill their promises .
anyways , god bless you mr. paul gosar .
as a patriot it would be a disgrace to my direct family members , my ancestors , and the patriots in the past 240 years , that have put their life on the line , to support any politician that promises to change our country !
florida just went over to the obama column with the announcement .
i believe that impeachment starts in the house .
whether people like his use of words for the bill , the fact that he is an elected official for kentucky he should represent kentucky and carry their voice to washington , which he is doing .
i think it is a grave mistake to &quot; normalize &quot; relations with the castro brothers .
as far as the gang of eight &apos;s amnesty for illegals bill , i hope that you are not willing to compromise our security even farther by voting for that monstrosity .
we don &apos;t need a bloated bureaucracy taking their cut and then demanding servitude to their plans so that we get some of our money back .
the republicrats are our enemies .
just keep washington shut down it the best thing for the country
turns out chris christie is a turncoat !
brad , take econ 101 and understand that debt is the result of spending ; voting against a debt limit has no impact on spending .
two points : 1. republicans like yourself have been getting a hard on at the opportunity to slam obama for &quot; not doing enough &quot; - yet he does something to protect these folks and prevent financial collapse - and you attack him .
no war ! !
god bless you and prayers for wisdom , strength and courage .
any member of the senate who willingly delays or obstructs the process is blatantly ignoring the constitution and guilty of deriliction of duty .
emily expat-wannabe that is probably the worst thing you can to a person and really shows your level of intelligence
cruz , rubio , carson
7 step process to restoring america to it &apos;s people 1. create constitutional amendment that makes all government spending transparent to the american .
they should not be crossing our borders in the first place .
you go rand , keep it up !
bring on the fair tax !
listen to your constituents , mr. corker , not your banker .
go tom go ! ! !
i am beginning to have serious reservations about sen isakson .
the point of printing money is to create demand by spending it .
don &apos;t blame the insurance companies , blame obama .
so was that the conservative through &amp; through way ?
why can &apos;t we stop the spending ?
the republicraps sold us out long ago .... trey gowdy is wasting our time .
i love you john mccain even though this bill is a crock .
impeach obama , jail hillary !
he doesn &apos;t have a clue as to what being an american is all about .
everyone knows that fiscal stability cannot be achieved by rhetoric , but that all that is offered by either party .
the major reason we did not want to go over the fiscal cliff is because it would have brought huge budget cuts that would have plunged our economy into recession .
congress and house , please take obama &apos;s credit card from him
i have a feeling without tax increases in it , he won &apos;t approve it .
i &apos;m sorry senator mccain .
the alex jones guy is the media he cant just say stuff .
here &apos;s a compromise : a clean debt-ceiling bill with no spending cuts that then lowers the debt ceiling for all future spending , with a provision that auto-sequesters any future spending to amounts below the debt ceiling ( excluding social security , medicare , and va benefits ) .
may god bless america and people like mia love who are not afraid to stand up against terrorists and sloths that say they hate our country ! !
i wish that you would sponsor a bill that limits all bills so that no bill is longer than our constitution and that all bills are posted publicly at least five days prior to the vote to allow time for the public and representatives to read them and respond accordingly .
does this mean i can &apos;t write in marco for president ?
how about you and your supporters focus on the real enemy rand ?
sorry phyllis epa can go to hell !
love you mr gowdy !
please do not vote for kevin mccarthy for speaker of the house .
bob , with all due respect , where in the constitutional does it say the government is responsible for getting job seekers to a jobs event ?
i agree , maybe they need someone with some common sense up there .
stephen , the best thing you can do is separate yourself from the cowardlys leaders from ms. and stand for conservative values , not hallybarbers !
his violations of the constitution would mean nothing by controlling the supreme court with a political appointee .
just get rid of obama
rand paul talked about the idiot grants and wasteful programs which i guess you didn &apos;t hear or maybe you like the congress to continue funding &quot; stupid and unreasonable projects &quot; ?
@ donna fisher ... how is what senator scott is saying a &quot; sick game &quot; ?
use prism to kick the illegals out .
@ jeff - american companies can and do drill in us waters , and the issue of this post is talking about cuba drilling in cuban waters .
electing boehner was the right move .
you would have my vote , too , sen. thune , if you run .
put the whole obama admin in jail ! ! ! !
paul ryan - you &apos;re a sell-out too 👹
you had a funded government that defunded obamacare and you turned it down .
notice the trend that any bill that reduces spending and eliminates waste and bureaucracy fails .
mr. gowdy i love u man keep up the good work
i would rather keep obama in than see this idiot there .
with respect , thankyou mr.mc cain ; )
so let &apos;s pray for him instead of judge
thanks tim you are awesome ! ! !
&quot; ( 2 ) paragraph ( 1 ) applies to an authorization to use military force , a declaration of war , or any similar authority enacted before , on , or after the date of the enactment of the national defense authorization act for fiscal year 2013 .
obama had to clean the mess bush left .
it was sold on : it will lower premium , pre-existing conditions will be covered , you can keep your current coverage .
lead for one time obama .
as usual the vietnam veterans and their spouses who have to care for them are getting spit on by congress inability to control the way they spend our tax dollars .
suggestion------don &apos;t fight the enemy in his comfort zone ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
trey , as you are aware , i am from texas , but ya &apos;ll are up there for the whole country .
support the people , support the constitution !
&quot; no budget , no pay &quot; \
republicans begin to fold on scalia &apos;s replacement after just 2 days rushlimbaugh.com
pass cr after cr until nothing but obamacare remains .
she is utterly unqualified for the position .
i agree with paul .. not obama !
we have to change it and if that means firing all of you , then so be it .
you call this unconstitutional and suggest along with your party that you will either shut down the government , or consider impeachment .
i agree with rand paul , who , unlike his father , supports this bill .
and to those who are in this fight with we the people &quot; dont cave and dont blink ... we know they have the revenue coming in to pay our debts , if you dont raise the debt limit ! !
what a traitor you are to this wonderful republic !
@ jeremy - as much as i believe that sen. mccain is # 1 rino and appreciate his service to this country with the military .
i never thought in tn our kids education would be for sale .
will it pass is the question
the republican florida supreme court gave the election to bush and stopped the re-count , when gore had more of the popular votes ! !
this election was not only a rejection of liberalism , but the overreach of federal government and executive actions .
vote hagan out in november ! ! !
senator mccain that man has no business being our president .
maybe next time he wont have an anchor draggin him down and he will actually have a chance .
he &apos;s not the criminal , obama and his goons in the government are .
hannity is a schmuck !
trey gowdy is probably the only person , other than my brothers and sister that , that has parents with the same last name as we do .
how &apos;s this for proven leadership : obama outperforms reagan on jobs , growth and investing !
way to sell out tennessee you should be ashamed .
to them it means republicans have to agree with everything they say .
did you go support senator paul yesterday ?
i expect that kind of action from the democrats / socialists in our government , not from the gop .
when are you and your fellow republicans going to stand up to president trump ?
you &apos;re a disgrace and a traitor to north carolina and you will be voted out as soon as possible .
all of this would have been adverted if obama could just do his job and produce a budget .
we don &apos;t want obummer in office and you have the power to help remove him ... just do it ! !
mr. gowdy please please pretty please run for the presidential office !
congressman lamborn , i have searched the copy on the internet of the fy2012 ndaa for any reference to the need to increase our mia remains recovery efforts .
i know who voted for what i will never vote for them again if they voted &quot; for &quot; the debt being raised .
this both is a revenue problem and a legal problem in fair taxation .
it is no surprise he acts like he could care less .
mr. graham , you have lost your way .
someone has to go to the situation room , obviously king barry doesn &apos;t have time for such trivial matters .
rand you were elected to defend the constitution of the u.s.a.and uphold the rights of the individual kentuckian / american .... you were duly elected to be the stop gap of the current administration .
kick the aclu out of texas , and get rid of the politically correct insanity .
obama , is upholding his promise to fundamentally change america , tearing it apart chunk by chunk .
send a message during the republican primary and vote him out .
should all be placed under investigation for corruption / and high treason along with obama .
by eliminating these listed above we could balance the budget and have money to save elsewhere … .
or can the next administration take it on and finish cleaning up the mess ?
dhs would continue to function on a limited basis .
i think it is time for you and the rest of em to work on repealing most of the laws and regulations passed in the last 40 years , then we can return to enjoying the benefits of the constitutional republic our forefathers so carefully constructed .
bit by bit the liberal commies are assaulting our bill of rights .
please quit now johnny , you &apos;ve done enough damage to our constitution !
how about co sponsoring the impeachment of calif ali ben obooboo ?
wow ted !
surprise , surprise , he thinks we are all idiots like they are
we have a war on our southern borders , there is where to get involved , duh !
endangered or not what did the feds expect him to do ?
obama has promised to veto the pipeline .
i believe senator moran has a grasp of this situation far clearer than you understand .
i am with you senator scott .
he should have been on a plane back to dc .
gowdy is all talk like the rest of the clowns , hillary in jail yet ? ?
fair tax now .
folks like you , senators rubio , cruz and others are the future of the new republican party .
a pregnant illegal alien can come across the border , give birth to an &quot; anchor baby &quot; and immediately receive welfare and food coupons .
maybe as his vice and if you have no more gang of eight moments while vise i might just consider voting for you after ted cruz .
mr. mccain , you &apos;re going to have to do more than make a statement of rejection .
lindsey , as a south carolinian , who lives in lowcountry , but whose roots and final destiny lie in the upcountry , i am so grateful to sc and the upcountry for producing you for your clarity on this topic .
ndaa &amp; the patriot act , both passed and both violate the constitution .
which he already did in europe when he was chairing the meeting that sold the country to the people he was chairing for .
not like holding holder accountable .
isnt it called treason when u go aginst the us constution just asken ?
yes i believe israel is justified
same one , mia .
despite ted cruz &apos;s efforts , and his warning that &quot; a vote for cloture was a vote for obamacare , &quot; john thune was eager to join hands and sing cumbaya with his alleged dem opponents .
the gop has done nothing to creat the jobs they promised .
our hearts go out to the family and friends of the emanuel 9. i am so proud to be from charleston .
thanks paul ryan ..... for nothing !
lol , how did mitch keep you down and uneducated ?
it &apos;s time for articles of impeachment to be brought against him .
tom , i think you and your brothers in congress are doing a great job cutting spending , it &apos;s called the ( sequester cuts ) i have been a republican for 67 years and i believe all of you in congress are acting like a bunch of children .
end federal income tax and do away with the irs
i would trust mark with every dollar i have , knowing he would take care of it as he does our tax dollars and his own money , would never worry about him wasting any of it , unlike almost every one esle in congress .
instead he has run up more debt than any other president ?
millions of us not only admire you , but we stand with you and we are praying for you .
so hows that obama
sorry i voted for him but mccain was woefully dumb .
repeal it entirely .
if we don &apos;t raise the debt limit the two wars congressman shimkus voted for without funding will not be paid for through his 2001 and 2002 plan of endless debt !
words he won &apos;t use might be easier : conservatism cut the fed spending cuts abolish the irs i heart liberty ron paul is right : - )
so one word congress / senators impeachment ! ! !
just when i thought you were the last of a dying breed - patriot - you go and do this .
museum is fine for the flag .
do you only care about the parts of the constitution that score you the most political points , or have you never actually read it ?
it &apos;s a shame that you are not interested in hearing from wyoming teachers and parents , as many have not been able to get through to you lately .
thank u jesus , we need obama and obama care gone asap .
destroy america , and congress seems to be helping him !
tom , you &quot; progress &quot; used by the wrong hands will make us all slaves to our government for the common good of the collective .
darned if we do , darned if we don &apos;t we keep shutting down the wrong part of government ... and what good does it do to shut down if he allows back pay and allows illegals to gather where veterans can &apos;t .
i agree with travis and lynn .
couldn &apos;t agree more , lou .
tell that to congress when they start cutting funds .
do you think it might be the case that ryan and his ilk have been bullshitting you the entire time ?
not everyone knows his father .
i would also like a balanced budget and social security not to be called an entitlement .
actually , thank god he vetoed it .
the obama administration hates texas .. houston , we have a problem !
supposedly four of the highest deficits ever and all were done under a republican congress with nothing added by obama .
praying for you mr gowdy .
for once i agree with rand paul about something .
i agree with brenda , we desperatly need strong conservative representation !
a little late out the box lindsey but it &apos;s always a good time to go in the right direction .
have the guts to make the cuts !
you could have played a much larger more important role in all of this had you not voted for the rino speaker of the house .
do you really think that businesses and tax payers will want to come to north carolina if it is indistinguishable from alabama or mississippi ?
do what all conservatives love to do .. when they don &apos;t get their way : shut the government down ... shut er down .. boys ... that will get you elected .... shut it down ... shut it down .. shut it down ... then you can have a long vacation ...
hey robert , yes i &apos;ve been in e.r.
isis aka isil is not islamic .
christie is a rhino ... i wouldn &apos;t vote for him as president .
congratulations to both donald and steve for fighting for the conservative values .
trump , cruz doesn &apos;t matter the republican party should wake up .
prayers going up !
i wish you &apos;d replace kevin brady down here in texas .
well done , tim !
they are supposed to protect us from tyranny that might infect our own government .
i pray god continues to give strength and support to their families .
im with you paul .
haha , linda learn the diff of cap gains and fed income tax .
thanks for pointing this out and yes the federal government should turn most of the western lands over to the states .... federal land should be no more than 15-20 % of the state land mass .
2 he needs to apologize for ben-ghazi .
there is no way americans can afford this crap .
another obama socialistic agenda : your small business will not be allowed to sell to the government .
by the way tom , how are you and the rest of the legislative branch enjoying your obama health care exempt status ?
amen as my late husband was one of those for twenty yrs fully agree tim .
obama is ruining this country !
ending 3 wars and closing us bases in places like germany is another place to cut spending .
but reid wants to change longstanding senate rules so that a simple majority of 51 senators could end any debate .
mia i think your doing a great job and i want you to continue i am from maryland i donated to your campaign and i am glad i did i will support you now and as long as you are there
mitch you are a liar .
you literally just put a talking point up on your facebook and expect everyone to be like &quot; holy shiz ! , obama is bankrupting us ! &quot; .
but it will be too late then , he will already have achieved his goal with his &apos; phone &amp; pen &apos; .
ted , we are in your district and pls dont cave ... keep up the good work ... listened to you on the radio yesterday with matt patrick , i believe .
congressman this is totally political and a waste of tax payer dollars and i know how you republicans hate spending money .
when will the rest of the constitution fall to islam , and we will have prophets ... but no house or congress ..... we have a few itdiots running in charge of a once great nation ...
that is why you voted boehner back in and mcconnell . ?
no trump ! ! ! ! ! !
you are a blatant liar : ( &amp; to think i voted for you .... you openly stated that you would do everything in your power to stop illegals entering our country &amp; then you voted to allow amnesty to illegals .
we are furloughed with no pay and want you guys to hold out ! !
i think you already voted to fund pp , pat .
well , never again thanks to the aca , no thanks to you !
can we trust the current administration to enforce the laws on the books nope .
lindsey .... congress has had the opportunity to improve the immigration policy and you have done nothing .
the constitution is the &quot; framework &quot; for the law of the land but none of you seem to remember that ! !
senator mccain , though u r politically on the other side of the aisle , i have always respected ur just , sincere forethought &amp; concern for the country which u sir sacrificed life for &amp; defended , to assure freedom &amp; liberties .
i really wish that you would be a republican and get behind the man that won the primaries .
you could have voted no
obama is a snake n the grass ... he can &apos;t be trusted .... blah blah .... why is he a snake in the grass .... give me facts people .....
look at what speaker tillis has done in raleigh .
option b. i live less than a mile from richmond ave. and use rail .
in other words repudiation of you .. mr. ryan .. can we secure the border now , are you getting the message ?
just a thought ....... congressman gowdy , benghazi does not need to be put off , not delayed .
i am a proud supporter of the fair tax
for all your talk about repealing the aca ( which has been voted on around 60 times now ) , you have yet to come up with a detailed replacement for the 20 million americans that gained health care coverage .
merry christmas to you john mccain and family , god please you and the troops that are keeping us safe .
why is congress not repealing it ? ? ? ?
as you stated today , national defense is actually a responsibility the constitution gives to the federal govt .
do we have to pass the cr before we see what &apos;s in it ?
the only reason they appear to help us is because they want us to keep supporting them with our tax dollars ... stop the foreign aid now ! ! !
lisa ... will you vote to repeal obamascare ... were you for it before you were against it or against it before you were for it ... you stand for nothing but that which benefits you the most !
you are letting harry reid win .
they also targeted the billy graham evangelistic organization and other conservative groups not affiliated with the tea party .
we the people are sick of you telling us what you think we should want , and what you think the constitution means ! ! ! !
it &apos;s pathetic when you have to change historical facts to suit your agenda , mr. mcclintock .
meantime mr mccain was wonderful christmas in aleppo right ?
good job ya &apos;ll
a vote for cloture was a vote for obamacare .
not to mention the fact that the law has already been upheld as constitutional in several other states by scotus .
kristi -- boehner , cantor promised to repeal and defund ocareless and that would include defunding the 105billion .
this bill raises revenue and it did not originate in the house .
no innocent until proven guilty for her !
you &apos;re no better than obama , or mccain .
do what we sent you there to do ! !
don &apos;t ever quit sen. graham , we need you
her yes vote is a vote for full funding of amnesty &amp; obamacare .
artie , beware of anything mike huckabee says .
would rather have you with the troops than with obama and beyonce .
i am glad your pulling for carolina but what are you doing with the terrorist camp in york sc , been awful busy eating hot dogs this week at skinners , but what are you doing about that camp in york .
things won &apos;t improve until obama is gone !
he just thinks the american people are stupid .
it is time someone stood up for the people of this country .
the flat tax needs to be a true flat tax .
then get busy jerry and cut off the funding .
impeachment is used to try for high crimes and misdameanors , not for political purposes .
liberty for all ! !
you voted yes on cloture with full understanding of what it meant .
no american should not intervene leave it alone
we have traded liberty for chains and slavery .
spoke to lauren ( campaign hq for mr. rubio ) this morning in regards to setting up a meeting with mr. rubio and our group .
can &apos;t have the obamas living any where but the best
love u johnny !
i think egypt got the solution right .
mr ryan thanks k you for showing grace .
happy birthday ms. marsha .
i also gave birth to our son on aug 3 2010 so we could travel with mike to wake forest hospital to have surgery .
he has not once put our national security interest first .
no option my lord .
why isn &apos;t barry and his minions brought up on treason charges for providing comfort and aid to our enemies ? ?
no earmarks , then defund obama &apos;s pet &apos;s - simple ! !
marsha , we appreciate the work you are doing !
final military agreement- that mr. obama would give israel 5 schekels is a miracle in itself .
the founders gave the house great powers to curtail the government , even more power than the senate where spending is concerned , and you are not using it ! ! !
zadroga act needs to be renewed and made permanent .
pool boy rubio never represented the people of florida .
go rand go ! , , , , i &apos;m so proud of you ! ! ! ! !
i didnt mean to imply attacking you , lord no !
i &apos;m glad i voted for you rep. paul gosar
repeal : obamacare , dept of education , defund npr and eliminate overlapping agencies .
people could still see their doctors that they like and it would not change anything for the majority of americans , but would change drastically for the better the lives of those who are uninsured , and will not increase the number of uninsured the way obamacare is doing .
as far as release of the five taliban leaders , it is something that was done during the bush administration with any fanfare .
so you want our tax dollars to go to foreign farmers ?
this idiot is an embarrassment to south carolina .
at least he has the courage to try to fix the mess .
thanks for being a stand up guy .... this morning glenn beck was talking about what a terrific conservative you are .. a man who stands by his principles .
of coarse what obama is going isnt working he hasnt got a clue about anything he could care less about what isis is doing agaisnt christians after all he is muslem
now do something for the people of nc and stand up to obama and get rid of obamacare , shut down his illegal use of executive orders and reduce our national debt .
so to the say obama is not taking action is just plain lying but i realize the facts mean nothing to republicans .
go get em sen. dr. paul ;
florida about to pass law outlawing sharia law - a bill that would ban the use of the islamic shariah legal code in florida has made it to the state senate floor .
the bill that obama threatened to veto .
you only have a few months with him left before he is gone !
i can &apos;t wait for the scott brown / john thune ticket !
it &apos;s frightening that our government would even consider arming our enemy .
mr. trump is good ... but mr. marco rubio is great ! !
i imagine it will boost gop votes in november instead .
i pray everyone hears him !
hoping and praying uncle virgil is going to ace his surgery !
he needs to be put out of office also .
actually , vern , you and the rest of congress , need to grow a spine , and start bringing articles of impeachment , or arrest obama for treason ! !
senator mccain - please vote no on betsy devos for secretary of education .
if you have time , by most accounts up to 20 to 30 hours a week for the average congressperson , for fund raising for your next campaign , you have time for multiple town hall meetings across the district .
folks , i &apos;m as much in favor of impeachment and charges of treason as anyone else , but with the current senate neither item has a snowball &apos;s chance in hell of passing .
i &apos;m for everything obama is not for .
obama and his socialist movement now .
instead of watching a basketball game , how about getting a statute on the kansas books for the wrongfully incarcerated ?
thanks for supporting rand paul .
we are here in south texas , but feel the same about the saints and the tigers .......... geaux l.s.u.
whether or not the republican leadership supports you , your support from around the country hasn &apos;t changed .
good luck mitch .
what a huge disappointment to see you support cloture .
we elected you to reform and to get our country back on the path of our forefathers honoring the constitution .
yes , we see through it , thune .
wake up american rand paul has the best ground game and has made it on all the states to become the nominee .
great job sir for maine an the troops that serve us .
they all did a pretty good job ... but carly stood out the most , very impressed with her .
senator rubio says citizenship before sealing the border .
no on raise in the debt ceiling !
obamacare is one huge tax increase , but the people have yet to see how bad the health care will be , for that will be one thing the govt .
hold them to the fire bruce poliquin ! !
but you voted to support amnesty .
vote to get rid of congress
we must stop common core .
keep fighting obamacare .
ryan was nowhere to be found when he needed him most .
any way is too late , i am afraid !
it &apos;s about doing what is right for the people and complete respect of the law and the position , same as reagan did .
reid would not let them be voted on .
rutherford county , what you all debate in congress is for the dog and pony show .
if the house can &apos;t repeal the aca- obamacare fine , demand it be enforced without delay on all citizens , no exceptions , no exemptions ; on all business , no exception , no exemptions ; on all politicians , no exceptions , no exemptions ; immediately , no delays .
chris christie is not a true american patriot , , he &apos;s in it for the power , not for the american people .
no where in the constitution does it state that .
merry christmas to you and yours sir !
you are wonderfully conservative and sane in an insane , liberal world .
let him take all to dc and he can spend his own money to shelter , clothe and feed them .
john mccain please keep standing up to this president and his orders .
obama has been guilty of treason many times in my eyes .
the country is facing economic destruction because of our unconscionable debt - and you vote to increase the debt limit .
since there &apos;s not a snowballs chance in hell of that then &quot; i will not violate the constitution ever again &amp; will not rule by executive order .
there should be a way to veto his veto
how can you not vote to raise the debt ceiling when it was the budget that you voted on that took it over the top ?
tom you are doing the right thing by not giving in and marching in lock-step with boehner and the rest of the french republicans .
had you said that about a country like saudi , i &apos;d be more inclined to agree with you , but egypt isn &apos;t your typical middle eastern country .
he will never have to work again because he is entitled to a life long salary that we will pay for and he will have real healthcare not obamacare .
just run for speaker already
he is as bad as mccain or mcconnel .
oh sure go to pasco washington and not come down here to pasco county florida for us floridians can hear you speak .
you , mcconnell , graham and other republican establishment types are out of touch .
god bless you and your family and god bless the usa .
throw all the bums out .
he did vote no so did cruz and lee .
christie is an obama cheerleader .
obama will never be transparent .
i wish we had more leaders like you and senator graham .
george soros , the fed !
i think a libertarian wrote it .
cause obama is in office by fraud and perpetrates treasons daily , so how is he not arrested ?
1 ) secure the border better .
i like the idea of residency but no citizenship if they came here illegally .
we still could have a president sanders , or president rubio , or president o &apos;malley or president kasich or … well , you get the idea .
mr. hatch do not vote for this ! ! ! ! ! !
kill the immigration bill because as it stands the homeland security secretary ( he or she ) can refuse to secure the border because it is too expensive .
obummer did the same thing . &quot;
i pray the whole real truth comes out .
pls start a movement in congress to shut the epa down !
i gave an oath to defend this nation and the constitution against all enemies &quot; foreign and domestic &quot; .
keep obamacare out of our nation .
lindsey graham why would you betray your voters by voting for the universal background checks ?
as boehner rightly said - it would be more interesting watching a football game .. #
gen pat is re enlisting my sailor tomorrow ! !
tim scott needs to go and mind his own business and leave my hoo ha alone .
if our military was here at home defending our country , we wouldn &apos;t have to be worried about isis .
ron paul / amash 2016 !
oh i did , thom .
great job voting no for boehner !
why waste a phone call .. who in washington is going to listen to &apos; we the people &apos; ? ?
rand and ted stood up , , , anybody else wanna do their job ?
if obama is re-elected it will go to more socialist programs that keep the people down .
i want to see conservative republicans calling out those in their own party and those across the isle who are part of the problem .
then vote to repeal boner
no terrorists in sd
posturing like a fiscal conservative over the earmarks may fool some .
vince , why is gitmo a bad idea ?
they act like it is there money , to bad our founding fathers didn &apos;t give us tool to fire these idiots beside voting them out .
good luck from georgia , senator rubio !
mike , i couldn &apos;t agree more with you .
so ... no fuel for af1 means no vacations .
i salute our president and supporters for making our borders secure first .
( too late for a guilty eric holder - now drawing a taxpayer pension ) ( 2 ) repeal the aca and remove any application of govt meddling in a free persons health plan .
and bud bromley ... no sir they will not .
senator ben sasse , what can ordinary americans like me who are distraught over what is going on with our politics do , right now , to help get a third candidate launched ?
why doesn &apos;t congress stand up and do something
over ride him , we should have some power !
next time open you eyes and ears remember you work for the people not the republican party .
how does the gop give obama 11 votes for his 67 votes ?
obama does not love the american flag .....
assad needs to go but he has had plenty of time to prepare and move his weapons , personnel etc .
i would refer you to the 9th amendment to the constitution .
traitor very disappointed
it appears that obama is determined to bankrupt this country .
james lankford , you point a lot of fingers .
he has not done anything in the private sector except teach but he thinks he knows everything about everything .
please run for president , we need a real leader like ted poe !
you need to be speaker of the house
my opinion , the republicans did absolutely nothing to stop obama and his rogue administration , period .
local authority and responsibility wins out over centralized authority eevery time in every inatance .
rand i will listen
bo should be impeached over this travesty and also for fast and furious .
it tells me that the u.s. congress is a bunch of spineless wimps who cow down to obama and his lackey &apos;s like boehner , mia love and others .
i think what he is saying is that we must close the border and prosecute illegal immigration ( i assume after we close the border and come up with a workable legal immigration plan / some sort of amnesty or path to citizenship )
why didn &apos;t ben sasse run for president ?
i forgot to add that i won &apos;t watch someone that tramples on the constitution and bill of rights like they are a doormat the way this president has .
you should have come along side our candidate months ago .
tis a good thing that the majority in the house voted to keep dhs funded for one more week .
notice mike lee &amp; ted cruz didn &apos;t vote against it .
we won &apos;t forget the many times you have betrayed the people of south carolina .
return to christian principles our founding fathers acknowledged .
next thing you &apos;ll know we &apos;ll have all constitutional defenders placed on a secret watch list and have all of our unalienable rights tossed out aside .
read &amp; listen to it all &amp; use your own mind ( with god &apos;s help ) to decide what is right !
god bless you there are still good people in this world keep it up .
if you wanted to truly be someone who stood for your voters ... you would vote against boehner .
yes tim since you are liberal change parties you are liberal did that flag kill anyone if it did flag should have gone on trial your true colors came out , what a disappointment you are
i think you have no clue how intrusive gov .
join in with cruz and kill all the gun bans in the total country
i also think susan rice should be fired .
republican leadership in the house decided it would be best to fund dhs only until february 27th .
rand its your turn
we are in deep trouble and this was our only chance to bring back the moral and patriotic america back again !
mcclintock : another corporate owned empty suit .
somehow i &apos;m not sure a man like trump , who said to cnn that he does not ask god &apos;s forgiveness for anything will listen to the holy spirit !
there is no leadership in congress right now on either side .
i would have preferred cruz but he &apos;s out .
bring it on ryan
we do not agree with the immigration bill trying to be pushed on the american people .
to reelect boehner or mcconnell , in the us senate , would be insanity on steroids .
and why do we need a &quot; public safety and second amendment rights protection &quot; .... the constitution is the law of the land we don &apos;t need a law to protect our rights to bear arms .
no confidence in this president to look after the well being of the citizens .
the gop is responsible for this mess .
they are in our prayers daily .
rep. tom reed ( r-ny ) : earlier this month , reed said , &quot; i would like us to look at alternative options .
even bill o &apos;reily characterized the split in the republican party as a conflict between interventionists and non-interventionists , ignoring the fact that paul is not calling for non-intervention , he is calling for the rule of law with the constitution as the supreme law of the land .
it would also pave the way for ron paul to get on the ballot in 2012 for president .
i have not been as impressed with the far right conservative judgements you have made .
not raising the debt ceiling will not cause a default !
i don &apos;t think obama has anything to do with scheduling tours of the white house .
reagan was a true wise man .
what the heck are boehner and his cronies doing to this republic ? ? ! !
enact the same on in florida .
look toward a flat tax then you could eliminate half of the irs .
been too much of him too long already !
our nation &apos;s economy is being gutted and the democrats and entrenched rinos are to blame !
you are now placing your trust in the president and congress that they will break their addiction to spending .
... and that &apos;s how we got obamacare .
stay tough senator cornyn .
i ( we ) are praying this house will have the strength of purpose and the courage required to stand up to the admin and the senate and make them pass a balanced budget and make some real cuts in the run-away spending .
it is the ideology of our terrorist enemy that must be destroyed .
with obama going around congress with executive orders and sending billions to our enemies in egypt and middle east , we cannot ever recover from this .
voting yes to devos is a slap in the face to the people you were voted to represent .
immediate impeachment should follow .
time for mccain to retire without pay .
oh and mr. ryan , trump has no baggage or scandal ?
south dakota needs to step up and restrict immigration .
i truly feel lile you or carson are the only two good guys out of the entire bunch , but you have my kentucky vote .
we will replace all rhinos in 2014 .
obama loves it !
i agree stay out of it
i expect to see regular order on spending bills properly marked up separately and each with real cuts .
i think that the house and senate need to go back to work and stop getting paid until there is a budget and a real compromise in their work .
lindsey graham doesn &apos;t want the amendment to pass because he says that the islamist extremist want us to leave and not help anyone .
republican party should not hold the funding of the government hostage to get what they want in regards to obama care .
kendra , the house has to give the senate a budget to vote on first .
this resolution needs to become law !
tom , obama , reid , and the rest of the libs refused to negotiate with the house on the debt ceiling and obamacare .
sir join the american الكونكرس : bashar al-assad kill our children with chemotherapy and burn them ba bannalm .... risk bashar long will the world ... have mercy frameworks ...
washington , lincoln , reagan
rand paul didn &apos;t like bush either .
john thune for president ! ! ! !
whether it is from the libertarian party or a new constitutional party .
resign and apologize to the american people for all if his lies .
you cut funding for the va. you are only speaking out now because the media has gotten hold of this and will not let go .
hey mitch , be a good boy and renew the zadroga bill .
castro joined communist economic block .
the people of idaho will be represented by you until next election .
congressman franks , please stand up .
mr. paul , you are our voice please stand strong !
why is congress not standing behind the families who sacrificed ?
i want to know what new plan you have to replace it .
in the president &apos;s oath , he swears to preserve , protect , and defend the constitution .
the bigger issue is fire or impeach her from any government position for ever .
i heard it , and was impressed , it came from the heart , god bless you !
good luck tomorrow tom .
may god bless em all !
you got my vote thom ! !
impeach him and quit wining about it .
jason move to cuba and you can have all the communism you can stand
barack obama has already used a drone to kill a fifteen year old boy overseas , an american citizen on foreign soil .
only 4 thoughts trump , cruz .
dont tell us what freedom mean the party has been a part of the patriot act stealing bit of our freedom away every day , stop get your heads out of your asses .
would it be when saint ronald reagan was breaking promises by raising taxes .... and the deficit , and the national debt ?
out here in west texas , we are pulling for you !
senator mccain , you are no longer a presidential candidate , so why can &apos;t you leave the stupid partisanship behind ?
how many tax dollars are you spending each month per prisoner ?
act to remove this cancer and his band of cronies before he guts your ability to do so .
fox wouldn &apos;t know the truth if it hit them in the face .
i &apos;ve lost all hope in the republican party ... our country is screwed .
we do not need to defund our military .
is the mess that is now egypt going to become the poster boy for your playing footsy with the muslim brotherhood ?
rand if i have any advise to give you is that i would hit hard on judges who violate the us constitution by legislating from the bench and who overturn the will of the people .
we need more people like bruce to be on top of issues ! !
5. america sanctioned cuba which proved to be useless .
our country is one big mess - stop the closed door meetings , decisions made by the liberals - we are a country for the people by the people .
if the republicans don &apos;t return to reagan conservatism , i &apos;m gone and they party will continue to lose .
it is not the governments job to create anything other than follow the constitution , and do we the people &apos;s business .
@ phil eggleton : get off my rock .... you dont like our ideas then go to china
sasse needs to remember we elected him and he needs to hear our voices .
no replacement until 2017. http : / / thehill.com / blogs / blog-briefing-room / 231971-gop-senator-party-wont-unite-on-o-care-replacement-until-2017
what took you guys so dang long ?
not true and she is not qualified ! ! !
please be very careful marsha !
then my family and i will return once again to enjoy ( spend money ) beautiful surfside , sc .
i hope israel has built 10 more nukes for each plane sent to egypt
hancock co. ky republican party is behind you all the way !
enjoy the snow lee !
vote &quot; no &quot; for cloture !
please replace the speaker .
it &apos;s time to say no more ted we need to bring our soldiers home and let them kill each other
oh , johnny boy , you have stayed to long and drank way too much kool-aid ! ! !
unfortunately , you paul ryan , contributed to clinton &apos;s success .
god bless you louie and all the others who are standing firm against this health care takeover and shame shame on the arrogant &quot; rule breakers &quot; in the house of representives , senate and white house .
i see this &quot; you are no republican , mr .
we need to take away common core .
mitch what do you know about illegal or bad acts by your republican elected members , during the government shut down &quot; .for a sitting elected rep. to breach a secured government work area , harass government employees into braking the law .
stand up and stand with senator ted cruz to defund obamacare !
mitch mcconnell and paul ryan are two of the main votes needed .
i thought republicans were all about individual responsibility and no handouts .
typical obama move punish americans
lindsey for president ? ..... who will be his first lady ? ... 😒
what a dunbass hypocrite you are paul ryan !
obama is trying and supporting revoking out freedoms !
you know it &apos;s scary when john mccain sounds like the voice of reason
move them next door to obama &apos;s family geez
do your job and pass a clean budget bill .
first the vote for cloture on the gun bill now this.ill do everything i can to get you primaried !
raul castro is one step out of the nursing home .
we are going to be far worse off then president bush ever left us .
close the borders , stay true to immigration bill ; get to the bottom of ben gasi ; let the irs fail and start a new flat tax department ; instead of schooling kids to get the news out about obamacare ; use the funds to teach about our rights and our history .
no i do not agree with him .
senator , i believe the majority of your constituents would prefer a more qualified secretary of education .
i believe that a 10 persent across the board if the states pulled back state income tax
not a sceptic sir ... no wait i am a sceptic was it from the a.c.a.
unprecedented 41- &gt; 1 tax increases to spending cuts ratio !
had those events not have happened , would the removal of the confederate flag have been in question ? ?
has he been purposefully gutting public education in tn for years in order to auction it off ?
dont &apos;tblame me john , i voted mccain and navy last election ...
thanks lynn
he promised to uphold the constitution and protect our country from enemies foreign and domestic .
the thing is paul ryan that you could have beaten her but you sir care more about your career than the nation until we get people that are patriotic in the government nothing will change .
clemson but i don &apos;t watch football
love u marco rubio ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
0bama is getting away with any he wants , he broke the oath to preserve and protect the constitution all his does is laugh at breaking it .
why not tell them we not going to do ground work , the next day hit air and ground hard clean house quick until all isis is dead .
we will pray expecting a miracle !
tim scott let &apos;s pass seat belts in busses ! ! !
we want you to take decisive action that is effective the moment it passes , including having more border security on the ground .
you do not represent all oklahoma voters by any means .
well corruption will continue if no one does anything to stop it !
god bless amanda hope she recovers soon !
same to you and yours mia .
hey ted !
... and ... if i might add ... not just &quot; congressmen , &quot; but republican congressmen .
and why does the government need to give money anyway the insurance companies have plenty !
ones actions of treason need to be contended with proporly and punished in a just manor !
graham needs to brush up on his ambulance chasing skills .
praying for everyone affected and the devastating loss of life .
obama ended the federal funding of abortion ?
you marsha are a joke and a pretty sick one at that ...
sorry you didn &apos;t get the republican nomination , i voted for you .
america needs you , mia love .
even small businesses in kentucky are signing up so they can help their employees get insured .
but when the american people rejected boehner you embraced him
gowdy is the man for the job ! !
obama is a fraud
who exactly do you work for , north carolina or trump ?
the bottom line is if it does pass the goverment won &apos;t fund it and it will be the same ole same ole .
wish we could trade him for obama !
as for politics , base your decision on the two candidates and what they can do for the 1st district of sc .
and i am from tn .
people who deliberately set out to harm the country by collapsing it , is a traitor .
vicky , just say no !
vote mccain .
our country went down hill in so many ways since he had been elected and our enemies don &apos;t fear us anymore , they know he is hot air .
obviosly out money spending problem isn &apos;t that bad if we have to stop the school children from touring the white house , but we can send millions of money just &quot; laying around &quot; to fund egypt ? !
clinton was impeached with no ramifications .
don &apos;t talk , introduce the articles of impeachment and bring it to the floor for a vote ! ! ! !
i think the irs should be completly shut down and a flat tax rate for everyone , now everyone is learning just how ruthless the irs has become , fire all of them and do away with the mess .
devos isn &apos;t qualified to be secretary of education as her only experience in public education was funding the campaign to destroy it .
what about spending time on coming up with some reasonable plan to resolve the immigration problems .
justin , could you please spank paul ryan for me ?
the federal government will ruin the internet if they regulate .
support the conservative values of the americans who elected you to office !
congressman harper , keep saying it sir .
getting real tired of republican excuses-either fight for us or we will replace you with someone who will
remember , you told everybody you &apos;re a republican , not a rino .
we can fire him but it will take the people standing together to do it .
for the most part , there have not been up or down votes on the debt ceiling like you wanted this time for the past 30 years .
great news marco !
he is destroying our country and seems to me that he is being allowed to by our elected leaders .
it must be easy for a man of money who has no problem sending his children to expensive private schools to say that mrs. devos plans are the best for your average every day parent .
thank goodness for good men like you &amp; trey gowdy who are not intimidated by this administration &apos;s lies &amp; arrogance .
just waiting for the all male sex scandal involving mccain , lindsey graham , rick santorum , a busted door , a couple of m4s , some flex cuffs , blindfolds , and a water board .
the truth is what people really want to hear and tonight they will hear it from marco rubio .
burr didnt stand for the 2a , and he voted for internet tax .
a flat tax combined with a spending tax working in conjunction may be a way to level the playing field for all brackets of income proportionately but only if some measure prevents monies from going abroad !
you made fun of cruz .
the president has not dismissed isis .
the constitution is not up to obama to change to the way he wants it either ..
as a normal citizen of our country who believes the constitution is in peril , what else can i do besides vote and talk to my loved ones and friends .
nice talking point , tim .
obama care failed because stupid republican states refused to chip in their parts .
he &apos;s resigning ! ! !
cruz is an idiot .
i can already see the 2020 campaign : marco rubio / ben sasse- &quot; make opportunists great again ! &quot;
you got that right rand .
sir , well done , you know and i know that eric holder isn &apos;t going to do anything about loris lenner , and what is so funny is , that he is held in contempt him -self , so !
so sick and tired of seeing my tax dollars going to muslim countries where they are proud to burn our flag .
its time to ween americans off the nipple of uncle sam .
i asked someone about why mr obama had not been impeached and i was told it was because it would cause a big race war .
and even if the veto is overridden the pipeline would not be built until the price of oil comes back up .
brian -- mr williamsburg ohio : , rand is actually leading polls .
mr. lankford , you got my vote today .
i expect congress to be a check and balance on the executive branch .
99 % of comments above are indicating a no vote for devos , why are you not listening ? ! ?
they best back you .. this gov is out of control , supplying our enemies , not securing our borders , and trying to trash our constitution and leave us without defense .
i had high hopes for rand paul for president but now i must reconsider .
we must stand up for liberty .
thom i agree with you ...
obama has been held accountable for nothing !
devos is grossly inexperienced and unqualified for this position .
so what are you doing to stop king obama ?
yea rand paul ! ! ! ! !
congratulations , senator rand paul ! !
appearantly us electing lindsay didn &apos;t have that same consequence .
# standwithrand # letranddebate or # boycottdebate
it will be even worse if republicans cave and don &apos;t stop funding for obamas illegal unconstitutional amnesty !
president obama should be impeached in the house , convicted in the senate , and removed from office for high crimes and misdemeanors against this nation .
do not let obama keep spending .
you have represented the great state of georgia with disgrace and shame .
i love what bruce poliquin stand for .
i &apos;d like answers from the house republicans who cut the funding for the embassy security .
obama and kerry committed treason .
everyone knows the federal government must get a handle on spending , and it is well past time that the president begin working with congress to find real budget solutions .
what is the debt ceiling ?
or have you thrown you hat in with the potus and want to destroy our nation as much as he does ?
happy and blessed easter tim !
stop chipping away at are freedoms .
is the fox poll rigged ?
senator heller , if you and your compatriots let this arrogant president get away with threatening the supreme court it will be the beginning of the end of our republic .
please join in with believers from across the country in praying for our nation and our world &quot; on air now &quot; http : / / new.livestream.com / accounts / 8260270 / events / 3772264 / videos / 82764767
keep strong god bless .
um ..... i can &apos;t remember the last time congress listened to the people .
obstruction , thy name is mitch .
his videos , books and the video that he favorited shows that he was a disturbed individual loving flag burning to a song that includes the main verse of , &quot; let the bodies hit the floor . &quot;
o hell no
marco the road may get bumby but rest assured you &apos;ve got what it takes to prove them wrong .
reagan was not liked by the media then or now .
the rich also get exactly the same tax cut , but it is too small to notice .
marco , what are your views on illegal immigrants ?
we had an opportunity to have a godly man as president , and you ross peroted cruz .
thanks scott you are doing a fine job
there are only a limited amount of seats and there is a huge demand to meet or have lunch with rand paul .
best of health to the gowdy clan .
somebody in washington , dc might ought to get their collective butts in gear and stop it before it destroys what &apos;s left of our healthcare and insurance sectors , and goes on to collapse the rest of the economy , don &apos;t you think , congressman ?
the people we are funding in egypt aren &apos;t the good guys ... douglas , we are funding the muslim brotherhood people who have pledged their allegiance to al queda ... thats the problem
congresswoman mia love , we must have someone willing to cause a constitutional crisis to save the constitution .
1st - get rid of the republican national committee which seems to be totally self centered and out of touch with those outside the beltway ! !
bush left office with iraq secure .
the president is given the power as commander in chief of the military to act for 90 days without congressional approval .
senator rubio , you were my favorite candidate but after i read what you think about hillary clinton &apos;s case , i now understand why you didn &apos;t get far in the debates .
it saddens me that senator tillis feels that our nation is not great now , but i guess that &apos;s what happens when you spend two years in the senate , twiddling thumbs and shirking your constitutionally mandated job .
he should have planned it better
no one can override the constitution , not even in the future .
just one day after i facebook kay granger to tell her not to vote for paul ryan as speaker , she sends out an email to those of us that are subscribed to her website .
merry christmas dr .
when hillary testified for the first time and was asked by rand paul if there were any guns being run out of benghazi into turkey or anywhere in the middle east , i knew she was misleading in her response , at best .
pos just like his butt sniffing buddy mccain .
although , if we had more people working and had more revenue coming in from taxes , that would help , but we definitely need to quit spending money that we don &apos;t have .
obama ) doesn &apos;t change the facts robert hayes wrote : &quot; wow- how long does the typical dog owner walk his dog ?
is this not an impeachable offense ? !
it is our duty to fix this government
here plenty talk no action
thanks john , you are a little late to the party but i welcome you with open arms and gratitude !
the patriot act was implemented by the bush administration after 9 / 11 - it shouldn &apos;t have been implemented in the first place , along with the unconstitutional ndaa .
stand up for sick and injured 9 / 11 responders by extending the zadroga act .
tim , it would be wonderful of the gop , or anyone really , would get together a photo op of the opposite view .. ie &quot; i lost my coverage &quot; and &quot; my cost quadrupled for less benefits &quot;
well done kentucky !
very disappointed in your decision to back devos .
so all of you who hate obamacare that have &quot; children &quot; up to 26 years old and covered by this hated law , raise your hands .
obama already said he would veto it and also kates law ... i just don &apos;t get it .. who would not support protecting americans in america .
you sir are a great representative for the people of utah , and a defender of truth and what could be in d.c. if we have the moral fortitude to see it through !
why are you detroying the govenrment based on the constitution and replacing it ?
congress needs to say &quot; no &quot; to any more spending ( invasion of illegals , funding the palestinians , o &apos;s lavish vacations , etc . )
punched &quot; ilke &quot; by mistake : - ( just read yesterday that the senate has offered eighteen ( 18 ) times to set up conference committees with the house to discuss the budget .
sen. john barrasso ( r-wy ) 72 % : &quot; president obama &apos;s announcement on executive amnesty flies in the face of his promises to follow the law , deliver &apos; fairness &apos; and help jobless americans .
god bless you and your family , trey gowdy .
i think article 5 is there so that we can amend the constitution .
from recent history , jerry , neither can god .
if mccain shared shinseki &apos;s position , he didn &apos;t say so at the time .
don &apos;t get caught up in big government bureaucracy .
really sad that the president is using the senate majority leader harry reid to bully the american citizens this way .
you and ron paul are truly defenders of liberty .
i support trey gowdy for majority leader !
obama is negotiating with iran but not with the people &apos;s representatives and this is okay with any american citizen ?
tim i think you need to do a little research before you post comments .....
he says our constitution &apos; &apos; constrains &apos; &apos; him ? ? ?
as well , because congress holds the purse strings , it is congress that incurred this debt !
lets talk about the illegals crossing our borders .
i have searched the irs website many times and i still cannot find previous years tax forms .
senator mccain , you have had years to do something like &apos; put americans first &apos; but have pandered to the pc crowd for far too long .
get back to the basics of the us constitution and to the way our founding fathers started this country .
betsy devos is unqualified for this office and you know it .
to obama put holds on immigration from countries ?
this revolution talk is crazy .
you agreed to support the nominee .
but you are not any better than paul ryan .
we have mr. o that does too much of that .
cutting government spending on salaries alone will save a trillion dollars .
they only pay little tax .
ted poe for speaker of the house
congressman lankford , do you even listen to your people ?
besides voting obama out of office our hands are tied .
i don &apos;t live in south carolina but i appreciate your hard work for our whole country .
obama has already made a bigger mess of his last mess and he has not started working his second term god help us all
stop talking and fix the problems !
shannon is a rino !
obama is a loser !
let the free market take care of health care , you guys focus on reducing spending , cutting the debt and stop the invasion of our privacy .
another thing , you either stand up to this rogue adminstration or you will be gone anyway .
i think it &apos;s time to put the whig , err republican party in the history books .
a flat tax is the only fair way to go .
https : / / en.m.wikipedia.org / wiki / chronology _ of _ the _ reactions _ to _ innocence _ of _ muslims the reason why the ambassadors request for more security was denied was because 20 other us missions were under attack including those in egypt and jordan .
it shouldn &apos;t be &amp; there should be no questions !
i know he wouldn &apos;t associate with a guy like romney .
we should hand illegals for a week and see how many come back .
god bless and much respect !
no backbone !
i &apos;ve heard that boehner is actually siding with reid on this .
your job is to represent all wyoming citizens .
you are a disgrace to the republican party and the morals of our country .
killing our enemies abroad is the answer .
mr paul ; if you don &apos;t like kings , then do something about obummer before it &apos;s too late .
our nation needs prayer now by everyone
stay strong cathy , the debt ceiling debate is coming and the need to &quot; downsize &quot; should become very clear .
stand up for the children and teachers of tennessee and the rest of the country and vote no to her !
if we have to stand a fight for our constitution just like our fore fathers did in 1776 and take it back from king / dictator obama / pelosi / reed i will stand and fight to the end .
he acted like a little kid at the debate calling cruz liar , liar .
well boehner won his third term ... all we have now is our votes in 2016. make sure we use them wisely ! ! !
end the military industrial complex , stop the wars , stop listening to isreal ... end the fed ... just as your dad said .
conclusion : graham and mccain do not care about the deaths of 4 americans in libya because if they did , we would have seen them ask even tougher questions to the bush / cheney administration who were responsible for the deaths of thousands of americans .
i voted for you in 2010 certain that you would represent the state of georgia with courage and integrity .
and yet obama and his family get to take more vacations than the average american can .
house leader needs to compromise with his own party .
we want obamacare repealed and answers to the nsa , irs , benghazi , and fast &amp; furious .
vote no on obamacare ... vote no on syria ..... do not arm our enemy &apos;s the syrian rebels ... that is treason .
disappointed in my gop---time for a new republican party !
but you will still stick it to us while you are in there .
harry reid is sending out all those lying adds about tillis .
the quality of life i california was destroyed when reagan finished his term as governor .
im disgusted with you sir !
john i vote to impeach obama and biden .... you should be the man running our country .
just met mr. lankford in harrah .
i have 30 years in public schools collectively in tn , ga and sc as an itinerant speech pathologist .
rand paul / peter schiff 2012 .
texas , our texas !
i am so disappointed in john mccain and jeff flake .
obama must be relishing in this chaos and the situation he has created to put the country between a rock and a hard place .
next call i make today will be to senator tillis ( nc-r ) to let him know how i feel about his endorsement of rubio .
why hasn &apos;t obama been impeached , his corrupt administration and hillary &apos;s prosecuted yet ?
i want you to be speaker instead of boehner .
mr. mcclintock , did you vote for the current budget ?
all of congress and the state and judges an the presidents should only get up to 2 weeks a yr payed vacation .. everything else should come out of their pocket
rand , this is the pre cursor .. to a day of reckoning that is swiftly approaching .. we will not forget !
if they can &apos;t give up a few things , then they need to leave congress .
you should not be rewarded for breaking the law period ! ! !
devos is totally unqualified and you knew it but you voted for her anyway .
vern , who do we need to email to create a ground-swell of support for this legislation ?
i &apos;m guessing he &apos;s probally a rino also .
this is great congressman lamborn , but where will the funding come from ?
john - why are you telling our representatives to vote in favor of obamacare when you know we don &apos;t want it ?
sir , the debt is no problem to obama .
the nea opposes devos .
i am a georgia voter that will actively campaign for your opponent !
we should have been aiding syria from the first month of the outbreak of the civil war and we &apos;d not have the problems we are having today with isis .
james bryan , retired public school teacher and retired south carolina department of education employee .
he has done nothing against the law .
prayers for all involved
i also wonder why we have not impeached obama ?
whose medical insurance is going up so high because of obamacare ?
marco come back we need you there &apos;s still time .
i give you credit for thinking quick on your toes , moran , but your obstructionism is over !
so long as he continues persuing the truth in the benghazi hearing !
bullshit , talk to ted cruz about it
mia we want you to vote no to h.r.
bob corker - shame on you .
it seems that the only only leadership in dc with any fortitude is harry reid , and unfortunately for us , he works for the other guys .
senator rand your so out of touch !
cut the big spending .
reminded me of those old movie clippings of adolf hitler addressing the german people when he became head of the socialist party !
thank god we have our country back and its people like you that serve the people that will bring this country back to law and order and freedom for every one .
to confirm such an unqualified nominee is irresponsible and a misrepresentation of the voters &apos; will as evidenced by thousands of comments , emails and phone calls to your office .
they &apos;ll never get it ..... how many more small businesses will be forced to close because barry has absolutely no idea what he &apos;s doing ?
now we just have to rebuild everything that obama has destroyed ..
no aca
impeach obumer ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
liberty for all life .
you &apos;re an idiot paul ryan .
it really is in your hands senator moran .
nothing can replace mom .
america is no longer safe because of obama refusing too secure our borders !
congratulations , you have no backbone and you , sir , are a sellout .
go rand , go ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
but because of the war powers act doesn &apos;t the executive branch have 30 days to get congressional approval ?
if you want to enrich the already rich on the backs of low income earners a flat tax is what you want .
the eyes of conservatives should be on pennsylvania over the next few weeks to see if republicans act like reformers and know how to apply simple conservative principles in a very basic way .
it &apos;s a good thing we don &apos;t have unions in sc to drive jobs away , or our unemployment numbers would be worse than the national average , oops .
i think he let &apos;s them flop around with their own ideas before he gives his opinion , see marcobot !
the republicans have from the start tried to destroy everything the president has tried to do for the good of the people and our country .
well said tim .
please vote no on the tax bill unless it has spending cuts
i think jack is john mccain &apos;s son .
the regime will be gone in 2012 ! !
paul ryan can you hear us ?
however , ms. roby has a very clear stance on immigration issues .
kudos to you sir for keeping up the fight ! !
rand you need to address what is happening in nevada and mr .
really not liking obama can &apos;t wait till he &apos;s voted out , he doesn &apos;t have the bet interest of this country at heart .
prayers
i believe his actions prove he wants radical islamic rule everywhere he can get it .
i do know that ms. devos is not qualified to be secretary of education .
if congress pass this immigration reform , next time there will be 20 millions 40 millions illegal immigrants crossing the border until united states become another mexico .
obama is destroying our constitution and i reckon we r allowing it .
excellent choice , tim ! !
i agree fletcher patrick neeley-i will actively campaign against congressman mike coffman should he agree to a strike .
kaki paul
awesome interview is right !
the question is , what do you think and what is the plan ?
what it looks like when a republican makes sense .
mr. trey gowdy , i had a wonderful teacher also and i often wonder how life turned out for him .
kick his butt sir
i &apos;d be totally okay with a cruz / rubio ticket ... even though most cruz and rubio supporters don &apos;t play well together .
i have been asking my congressman representative doug collins , for two years now to impeach this treasonous president and all of his admin , to no avail ! ! ! !
when the government gives you something , it must first &quot; take away &quot; from someone else ... eventually that ends up being freedom .
maybe we would have enough money to make a big dent in our deficit if we quit giving money to every 2 bit dictator .
he cheated to get back in office , don &apos;t any body under stand that he &apos;s a cheat and a liar .
sorry tom at this point i trust the russians more than our government .
snowden gave the how to &apos;s and capabilities of secret systems to a hostile foreign government .
cuba , climate , no divided nation , we are safer than we were a decade ago ? ! ! !
lindsay it &apos;s not working .
hey glenn , without marsha blackburn you would be paying a state income tax !
of course , he wants us to have all that free technology .
love me some marsha blackburn
it is beyond belief and way scary , our freedoms are being stripped away by the very same government we elected to protect us .
government data show that limiting government , cutting taxes and regulations worked wildly well for reagan and for bush ( even though bush didn &apos;t go as far as reagan did , which is why his numbers aren &apos;t as strong as reagan &apos;s ) .
keep doing what you are , tom
are you not familiar with the georgia standards of excellence and the 80 + hours of tireless work georgia teachers put in each week ?
how right u are lee
stop devos from dismantling the public schools .
ask roy barnes what happens when ga educators mobilize .
you really have lost touch with your roots here in south carolina while he was serving the people and on there dime he was having a affair get a grip we do not go for that here
if you aren &apos;t going to be a part of the solution , then you are part of the problem .
when are you guys on the hill going to get it figured out .
we like marco rubio .
rubio 2016 gives me hope !
people saying their flying flag down in stead of up what a disgrace to soldiers and vets who still fight for independence .
so , what are you going to do if obama does launch his &quot; limited &quot; war against assad ?
congress needs to stand up to the president and holder .
senator mccain , i proudly voted for you 8 years ago ( despite palin ) because i believe you have political courage to do what is right , not what is popular .
you sir , are a lying sack of !
so , we have sent them three short term extensions so far this term , the last one they did not even debate or consider .
amen mr. zeldin !
do not confirm betsy devos for secretary of education .
the obama administration is absolutely lawless and has to be called out .
i agree , i think there a lot of countries we should quit defending at our cost , they want us to defend them than they can pay for it .
i hope we will be rid of obama care soon .
then it &apos;s shipped out of the u.s. it will not ease our dependence on foreign oil .
we need to form a new republican party with rand as our leader .
he has several offenses that could earn him impeachment .
this time it is to suspend obamacare till next year .
the next thing they will take will be all the confederate monuments .
i agree with you senator graham .
in fy 2014 the government took in a record amount of money from tax payers and it still wasn &apos;t enough to balance the budget .
the koch baby , marsha
why is it so hard to understand that the first responders of 9 / 11need our help # worstresponders
here is what your beloved illegals are doing to our country with obama &apos;s approval ! !
i think andy harrison summed up my thoughts and feelings the best , and i think a large part of oklahoma would agree with him as well .
this flag is part of the history of all americans and especially the millions of americans who felt strongly enough about their constitutionally mandated states rights to rally together and try to form their own country .
the constitution also provides an exception to this process .
aren &apos;t there already syrians here &amp; scheduled to be in middle tn soon ?
the beheading in oklahoma city tells me that we are not only at risk from real terrorists ; we are at the mercy of every nut case that chooses to use islam or any thing else as the catalyst for these acts that terrorize .
the president owes an apology to the american people as well as the family of the four innocent sitting ducks that were murdered ! ! !
i &apos;ve looked at all the polls following the debate … and watched dc freaking about the people &apos;s choice , even trey gowdy , who thought we would &apos; come to our senses &apos; ?
i was referring only to the 18 months of childish behavior on the part of the conservatives during the development of obamacare .
he thinks we are totally stupid to fall for the age old false flag brainwashing .
note for mr. cruz - slap !
republican talking , he &apos;s lucky if he gets in next time , paul ryan .
what stupid obama can &apos;t grasp .
when will obama be impeached ?
as tim cook said , we may have all come from different boats , but we are all in the same boat .
you and senator ted cruz have my vote .
raising the debt limit will not help our economy , let them shut it down just like clinton did .
my one request is to make sure the irs and obama don &apos;t mess up the current ways for the tax and prolong refunds to those honest tax payers !
why do liberals hate the founding fathers and the constitution ?
he &apos;s committed enough to be impeached plus brought up on charges !
i &apos;m so sorry james .
we &apos;re praying for and supporting the cuts you need to make .
my property taxes pay for those who go to the county hospital , my insurance premiums and exhorbitant hospital fees go to pay for those that can &apos;t pay , and then there are physicians who donate their time to the uninsured .
america is already not what our forefathers intended and if this obamacare is allowed to start , the majority of the rights we enjoy are gone almost instantly .
today &apos;s gutless republicans might as well become democrats , there doesn &apos;t seem to be any difference since obama lies and breaks laws with impurity while nothing is done to stop him .
i watched this debate , even members of the house new this was a puff piece resolution , there was no backbone ... a questionaire ? ? ?
we have had enough of the way guys like you and them want to turn this country around .
obama has done it his way from the beginning !
saudi prince alwaleed bin talal is a saudi prince that purchased 7 % of fox .
independence and liberty are what we need most .
still need five more votes to overcome a presidential veto
we will not vote for you either .... the only candidate that could have won third party has just won indiana .....
are there a lot of lying rinos that try to get into office then do as they please ?
if you vote for cloture , you are telling americans that they do not count .
sorry congressman , i don &apos;t trust your no vote for a second !
thanks tom rice for nothing !
congressman brat , while i am no longer one of your constituents , i take great pride in seeing virginia represented by such a strong constitutional conservative .
too late to start sucking up now lindsey .
repeal everything that this administration has done over the last five years .
the constitution does not authorize it nor does it forbid it so why not try it ?
jesus is not their only way to salvation , so i doubt god is too excited about him or obama honestly .
impeach the potus ! !
# endthefuckery # worstresponders keep your word mitch mcconnell !
love you , tim .
north carolina families are struggling because you &apos;ve defunded the public schools in favor of unregulated , opaque , charter schools , some of which do not teach evolution .
but i am a true conservative republican , and feel it takes all kinds to make up a party .
i have faith you can do this , senator mccain , and the majority of citizens support you .
snowden is a criminal who should spend the rest life in prison for being a traitor .
hope jindal does well in the coming months also .
the cave session of last night was utterly sickening .
wow , on a tele-conference call with 104,000 patriots , sen. ted cruz , cong .
james , what are your thoughts on the parliamentary system ?
i don &apos;t like obama but what are you doing for your constituents locally ?
he is doing what we elected him to do .
rep. franks anyone in business should know enough to keep their opinions to themselves and out of their business decisions .
paul ryan you are the biggest pussy on the face of the earth .
exactly senator rubio !
we got your back here in ga .
some of us rino &apos;s are pure conservatives
come see me in perry , lynn .
my new russian wife was excited then about voting for the first time and for a man who was so adamantly conservative for governor that no one could match him .
mia , i think defunding was tried already .
why do you mr shuster support indefinite detention of american citizens ?
i am sure you will fall in line and vote for paul ryan .
she is grossly unqualified for this position and your constituents and the rest of american agree .
and congress is letting him get away with it ! !
and guess what ... the feds are looking in our small towns , and villages to host the illegal children coming in .... watch your backyards people !
if rand paul is a &quot; wacko bird &quot; , i &apos;d be proud to be called one too ...
i am more in line with ron paul &apos;s foreign policy but look at amash or rand paul &apos;s foreign policy as a &quot; road map &quot; toward a truly non-interventionist foreign policy .
fu fred .
fair tax works because it requires neither of the above which become tools of the government to control you .
hope you stand up for american people and vote against amnesty
run for president will you please mr .
now let &apos;s start impeachment proceedings on the entire administration !
you people making all these negative comments are stupid and probably voted for obama .
see paul your part of the gop establishment that we can &apos;t stand !
linsey graham , i admire you so much !
politicians were targeted , including members of ron paul &apos;s camp -- one of the most outspoken opponents of the irs .
gary johnson 2012. rand , you have more in common with gary than any incarnation of baritt obamney .
ben sasse is a cuckservative , and for all practical purposes he &apos;s supporting hillary .
the people of tennessee will remember how you voted against our children .
have the military secure our borders .
just like hitler-best way to conquer a country is to disarm its citizens ... am i comparing obama to hitler yes , yes i am , because hitler was obama hero ... wake the hell up america ! !
293 days and not even a hearing for merrick garland ?
glass : egypt and mesopotamia
it &apos;s time for you to get out and put some one like tim scott in there .
as usual federal government bureaucracy fails again.impeach bo now
5. speaking of the rules of war , repeal all the unconstitutional provisions for indefinite detention with no due process of law written into the ndaa .
ty bruce
if anything it should have been a 1 to 1 swap .
obama is still president because ?
now obama threatens to veto it .
glenn beck may have grown in his views , before the 2008 campaign i didn &apos;t know much about ron paul , either , but have since come to respect him for his strict constitutionalism and authority on monetary issues .
please give the potus your wise and common sense council and have him re-think his decision .
we have some red tape we have to go through apparently to get both flake and mccain out .
you shouldn &apos;t get a salary period !
i would ask that you do the same : first , our tn senators should immediately sponsor a bill allowing military personnel to carry loaded weapons at all military establishments .
i love the marco rubio story .
because they are his clones ... they already know his way of doing things and he doesn &apos;t have to tell them .... i couldn &apos;t agree with you more rand paul
reagan and or jefferson
don &apos;t play political games about repealing it later .
marco , .
i too am just as concerned as you but a third party candidate will not stop hillary .
godspeed trey gowdy ... may justice prevail ... citizens all ...
get to work stopping this socialist takeover .
you and all the other 2nd amendment grabbers will not survive the next election
we have no say what their choices are and it was time for change any way no offense but if you stick to old conservative ways you cannot expect this great country to advance .
tom , no doubt .
thee utmost respect for you mia !
he &apos;d be better at saving our tax dollars by curtailing his many vacations and golf outings at our expense .
president obama is already considering using executive orders to bypass congress and implement his plan to destroy the domestic energy market to combat the &quot; climate change &quot; hoax .
it &apos;s all good but i was hoping he was going to say trey gowdy !
vote &quot; no &quot; mr. mcclintock !
what about all the people who now have insurance who cannot afford it otherwise .
balanced budget
to take back america , love you guys , here is what i sent to rand paul .
fair trade dollar for dollar , build a wall , trash obama care and oh yea make some towers for some special interests im sure .
senator thune , i know that you have a busy schedule with many demands of your time and requests for action .
it &apos;s ok to have an opinion , but why can &apos;t everyone give this administration the same opportunity that obama had ?
if he had , congress would be trying to start impeachment proceedings .
do what you will because the american people have no say it seems .
lifting him to the heavenly father .
obama &apos;s ineligibility : prepare to defend america – perp walk obama out of the white house www.canadafreepress.com
why didn &apos;t you rinos do something your fired
say what you will , ryan is still a true conservative and has walked the walk .
i really like cain &amp; bachman but not sure they can raise the money needed to fight the socialist obama regime .
you helped pass the budget bruce and was on george and rick with bullshit excuses , oh it creates jobs for bath iron works blablabla you sold us out with the palosie rump swab leader ryan we the people are watching and need to vote for people who will represent americans
my question is this ... how can the senate have any say of dhs funding when in fact the house has the power of the purse ?
my thoughts are : mia 2016 !
amen thank-you lordi prayed that he would win
get rid of mcconell as majority leader or tell him to switch his party affiliation so he can kneel before our self proclaimed king with honor .
ryan uses that $ 716 billion reduction in his own medicare reduction plan .
he &apos;s a little late and as usual has no remedies .
but you gave up your constitutional right to veto this deal
keeping you all in our prayers .
send troops to border !
why is the president and our congressmen still getting paid when the rank and file are side lined ?
i certainly hope the house rejects the reid attachment .
i will support you sir .
presidential vacations come to mind .
guess we will be removing all flags from national memorials next .
obama and his cronies are spewing / and repeating tea party tea party tea party tea pary as the problem to the downgrade of our country .
i am certain that mchenry knows the situation is not simple .
and by the way , i am one citizen who thinks we should not stop until we know why our ambassador and 3 brave americans died in benghazi and who decided to &quot; cover up &quot; the whole affair before an election .
this guy lies everytime he speaks .
hi , tom mcclintock : &quot; the next time somebody comes around to knock you down , you just get up and hit them in the head with love ! &quot;
guaranteed veto .
obama is not in for working for an award , he gets it handed without doing anything for it &gt;
just get mau - marines and go in and get him .
don &apos;t even think oh giving in to those idiots hold the line george
the socialist party stands for a socialized health care system based on universal coverage , salaried doctors and health care workers , and revenue derived from a steeply graduated income tax .
senator when will the impeachment process start ?
as a north carolina voter , i urge you and senator tillis to vote against ms. devos .
praying for you ! !
follow the constitution !
kerry , obummer , biden , pelosi , reid , holder are crooks .
you sir are a disgrace to our fair land and should be held for treason , along with most of the people you &apos;re with in our white house ! !
our country is being attacked from within .
i &apos;d rather have that than a state income tax
i am sorry to say that our rep. bruce poliquin did not stand with you .
one she will get killed .... two her master puppet obama will get her off ..... noone in the game goes to jail if so half of congress would be locked up
when will he and his staff quit referring to isis as isil ?
president paul
either do something or resign , senator rand paul senator ted cruz
until they prove they are a threat to conus , we have no business getting involved .
i agree with a previous poster the house should adjourn and stop taking up any senate bills till it its changed back
praying for you trey
combined , these ridiculous scams soak up 60 % of the federal budget ... so much that this year every dollar of discretionary spending ( those things congress is constitutionally authorized to spend money on ) had to either be borrowed or printed by the fed !
senator mccain , please rally the rest of the republican party and fight back against this monster .
obama care gone job back to usa
sautayed rice .
you are so right mr. paul .
now you need 67 votes to override obama veto .
no , mia , you are a wonderful wife , mother , and great american !
tim whats next for the state , does it stop here ?
defund the healthcare reform act !
bruce poliquin you have my vote
anywhere that obama , or biden , or romney , or ryan goes between now and the election , there will be inconvenience for any business around them .
&quot; voters also oppose 64 - 27 percent blocking an increase in the nation &apos;s debt ceiling as a way to stop obamacare , the independent quinnipiac ( kwin-uh-pe-ack ) university poll finds .
listen to the people mr.burr , take some of the ideas and figure out a solution before obama care takes effect in 2014 since the irs will be the reporting agency , if that doesn &apos;t scare you i don &apos;t know what else would .
may god bless you in the coming year .
just look at and compare kansas and california
yea for scott brown ... whoohoo !
obama is not a president .
john mccain has turned his back on america and her greatness .
may god be with you always !
so , romney didn &apos;t win because those pesky christians are anti-mormon ?
then- no special insurance , retirement or vacations .
no more beheadings in oklahoma !
perhaps if we had official relations with the cuban government , we could have more influence .
oklahoma ranks among the highest in national board certified teachers .
keep pushing forward mr lankford !
please reconsider your support of this nomination .
we have got to stop this man before its to late so get a back bone and stand up to him .
at least do away with the bush tax cuts ... you know how big of a contributer to the debt that is .
congress alone has authority to declare war , yet they refuse .
you are just sucking up to the devos name !
okay.sorry i believed it for even a second , bruce .
fix the borders and then talk to us about immigration reform ..... your family legally and successfully immigrated ... that is not the problem .
you , the governor and tim should all get your one vote at the polls .
you no longer represent any republican or conservative in any way .
stand up mia .
same thing just on steriods to boot , this country is headed south on a greased toboggan
its called patriot !
# randonmsnbc # standwithrand
may your will prevail here and the enemy not prosper regardless of who you will to go to washington .
trey gowdy , you failed to mention the illegal alien rally who were welcomed with no problems from the gov !
no one can vote against this bill on the basis that the constitution doesn &apos;t give congress this power — such a claim is simply not credible .
congressman palazzo cannot control who will be speaker of the house , but he can follow up on his word to hold the speaker accountable .
of course not they are to busy trying to make a tea party or republican a terrorist .
the sequester has cut funding to hls .
no replacement until a new president .
we need to cut off the other countries of all the money we give them and take care of this place first
cruz isn &apos;t eligible .
here &apos;s a suggestion , sir : do not put it as an attachment to any bill - submit as a clean bill and then we &apos;ll see who stands for what .
don &apos;t you mean the same consideration given to president obama &apos;s nominee merrick garland ?
james the president in his press conference monday said if the debt ceiling is not raised that military , seniors , etc couldn &apos;t be paid as he continually blamed the republicans .
so glad to have a conservative sitting where mary sat .
from the do nothing congress that has a 12 % approval rating .
it can be nullified once obama is impeached but in order to do that we must take back the senate ! cause liberals wont impeach him no matter what
thanks paul ryan for your staunch support of the potus elect during his historic run .
rubio was born 4 years before his parents became citizens ! ! !
in a press conference earlier this week , obama referred to the us military as &quot; his military . &quot;
watch out jeff flake .
john mccain is a real american hero , regardless of your personal thoughts as to his political actions .
stfu you rino
she is totally unqualified for the position of secretary of education .
john boehner has lost my confidence .
impeach the traitor ! !
kentucky needs new blood , enjoy your retirement and board positions with the coal companies ! !
anything short of a full defunding of obamacare is stopping too short .
in your face mr. paul .
how about we just let the federal government take care of those items it is charged with in the constitution and let state &apos;s take care of everything else .
you want spending cuts .... start with your salary , retirement , health insurance and all the other perks you and your fellow congress men / women voted for yourself without the consent of the american people .
god bless you as well , mr .
mc cain is not one of the good guys .
having a government that helps the poor , aged , and sick really supports your christian beliefs .
there is no certainty in this administration except that the american people are counting down the days until a new president will take over .
why are we still sending weapons south of the border ?
devos is not a product if the public schools and she works to defeat them with all of her privatizing efforts .
just a hand full are fighting such as yourself , ted cruz , and mike lee .
absolutely love it ! ! ! !
if you vote for the cr , you &apos;ve voted for obamacare .
i heard ron paul chose judge andrew napolitano for his choice for vice president , not only are we &quot; austrians &quot; now , we are &quot; neo-paulitans &quot; !
we expect that those who cut the line will not be unfairly rewarded .
paul ryan is a sham , he wants to be nominated but doesn &apos;t want to do the work campaigning .
isn &apos;t this alone enough to impeach obama ?
so tell me if its between rubio and clinton who will you vote for ?
im sorry but no i will not donate , pray maybe , and perhaps maybe this is a test of man and god is watching ... and if he is , he has seen we have continually given to others but haver been repaid .
you should have been supporting him and the american people from the 1st night of his republican convention speech .
keep up the good work trey gowdy !
trey gowdy i concur with you 100 %
congressman lamborn , i had called your office in regards to this issue .
patrick feild , the federal government does not force you to buy auto insurance .
i am extremely upset that the ag eric holder has done absolutely nothing about the blk panathers putting a &quot; bounty &quot; on the head of an american citizen who was not charged ( at the time ) with a crime .
the fact that you want to endorse a republican party bent on greed does not serve you well .
with all due respect ms. blackburn , this president is a liberal special interest .
tom mcclintock ( r-ca ) you just another radical pig ! ! ! ! !
i am ashamed of the congress that they are so weak that they can not stand with ted cruz and defund obamacare .
richard now is the time to cross the isle with thom and tell oboma that you two will give him any judge he wants .
gostei da posição dela , tem mais testosterona do que o sr. obama
it &apos;s up to you guys , impeach the pos .
ryan you are a rino creep and i would be happy if you crossed the aisle and joined the demorats .
there is also the matter of how any of this will be passed , since the president repeatedly promised to veto bills presented by the predominantly republican congress .
we should just do a national sales tax , exempt unprepared food and medicine .
say no to the establishment and yes to america !
we expected so much more from you paul .
honestly , without exaggeration , they would most likely go to jail for a period of time , but , at a minimum , they would never be able to hold a security clearance again .
how about sending the refugees to gitmo for screening .
again sir ... that &apos;s part of why we sent you ! ! !
lindsey said the following &quot; i would prefer ( gov .
but small potatoes compared to his treason !
the left in washington d.c. is wrong and time will also prove this too ...
rand is no ron , and he turned coat and endorsed mitt the twit , and then ran from reporters about it .
love to you , dr. paul and your family .
it &apos;s childish politics as usual from the left obama blew it and it &apos;s making him look even worse than usual and he knows it so he does what he does best ... blame someone else .
my bet is lynn you are not qualified to make such a judgement .
if i do not get my paycheck on time as a dhs employee , i will hold all politicians involved responsible and you will not be able to get my vote .
our president is a complete waste and has set america back 100 years .
that is what you and all other republicans were elected for .
what dave hunt said what about the irs purchase ?
kentucky here .
mia start your own party .
my lindsey , i think your response to sen. rand paul &apos;s stand on behalf of the people was unworthy of you .
it &apos;s not just 11 million illegals in usa , we have 11 million illegal aliens right here in ca .
i can &apos;t wait for mia love find he her way in dc and kick ass as well .
what about her emails ? ? ? ?
why do you continue to pass cr &apos;s instead of doing what we sent you to dc to do ... manage the debt , defund obamacare and stop the out of control debt .
tim , i don &apos;t thnk its proper to use politcal views at the expense of our future generations .
why haven &apos;t you and the rest in dc not listen until now .
tom mcclintock i would rather fly you back to where your ancestors came from or better yet fly you to honduras etc .
, you dare question the genius of cesar obama !
too bad we can &apos;t lay off this administration !
fix the tax code and get rid of excessive regulation
obama along with congress and senate approval continue to supply weapons , monies and the means to exist including intelligence .
trey gowdy for vp !
the new congress is not our ticket of this mess .
karma , senator flake , karma .
most of the people in washington need to go ... but not all .
they will continue to do so until the threat is gone , just like they did to ron paul .
i want you to all my family vote for sir
rand , when are you going to endorse graham ?
or he is going to be hanging with mccain and mitt cause they backed off and look where it got them !
ben i do not like your opinion .
makes me believe the republicans want obamacare as much as obama does .
liberals chastised moderate republicans ( think of how bill maher and the liberal elite demonized bush , mccain and romney ) which only helped the tea party hijack the republican party .
i appreciated you and senator tillis being front and center in your support for our great ally , israel .
get the government out of the health care and insurance business !
lord save us from those who wish to destroy us from within our own country !
i thought the government did everything for us ! ! !
it &apos;s ok , bo just demanded it be fixed and pretending to be shocked that it happened ... of course we &apos;re all to stupid to notice that his demand , that was acted on instantly by the defense dept , reveals that it happened by his authority to begin with .
thanks , mr. mcclintock , for exposing another set of memoranda showing obama &apos;s malice in making people hurt .
all liberal views are not what &apos;s best and neither are all conservative views ! !
senator enzi , respectfully , you &apos;re vote makes no sense .
apparently mr paul has a separate situation with mr king .
mia would you push to get rid of income tax and irs .
they totally did not get what we were saying in this last election or any previous elections where rinos and dems were thrown out .
some people need to pick up a constitution and read it .
i think lindsey is doing what all the legislatures need to do .
repeal obamacare and immigration .
get rid of all the illegal criminals.one way ticket home .
in south carolina they are using the ash from coal-fired power plants in the making of concrete ! ! ! !
concept you speak of would sound plausible , if not for the fact that barry has outspent every president before him and the king obama takes vacations that cost $ 100 million dollars each time .
more giving away what we don &apos;t have to those that don &apos;t care for us .
can we now impeach this idiot ?
you betrayed the state of south carolina .
james , i know how busy you are , but please read a post i put on my fb this morning , it regards terrorism and the tsa .
how about not getting into wars we cant afford and sending our children to die for oil ?
i pray that we soon have more principled leaders like you in our national legislature .
the president of georgia is a very courageous man and needs the support of the us congress !
this corrupt administration has proven over and over that they are not to be trusted !
prayers wont help , they are just an excuse not to have to do anything .
then go defund some other wasteful spending !
get to work on doing what you should be doing and quit wasting time for fb ! ! ! ! !
you have been a rhino for far too long .
why is it obummer is single handily getting to chose what parts of this law get delayed and which don &apos;t ?
tax !
obama has no clue what hes doing hes doing worse that bush was now
but none of that has to do with things being made worse since with obama policies .
--thanks ray for doing absolutely nothing .
i am sick of the government doing anything at this point .
lindsey , no one wants you go away !
cut everything arbitrarily and increase military spending arbitrarily .
mccain and the &apos; old guard &apos; republican senators are jealous of the younger true constitutional conservative senators .
if they want the law changed there is a process here called the constitution , use it .
the future of this country may very well be in your hands sir .
don &apos;t raise the ceiling debt !
i &apos;m fighting a losing a battle in california , therefore , i am pleading with you senator isakson to do the right thing &amp; vote no on cloture .
dontfunit.com , we dont need it or want it if our government wants a shut down because there scared we dont want need or cant affod it .
i think most of the setting republicans now are rinos .
my prayer is that the senate will not confirm any nomination by president obama ... god bless our nation !
i like your spending plan mr barton .
just remember you are not alone if you stand for the constitution and your constituants .
roald harr , the debt ceiling is to pay the bills congress has already incurred .
true defender of liberty .
i am with you mia love !
the obama government should stop foreign aid to every country .
i also think the obama administration needs to be taken to court and fined for spending money america doesn &apos;t have .
speaker boehner on this week w / george stephanopoluos - &quot; we are not going to pass a clean cr &quot; - he claims there are not enough votes contrary to many reports .
he is a socialist and a muslim sympathizer .
is sen mccain going to be in studio or on location at one of his 7 houses ?
but you are right about the republican party .
first of all if you do things like obama and warn countries that you are going to stop terrorists from coming in then that gives them time to come in .
no wonder we can &apos;t get anything done .
i am worried we have a president that does not understand the bad situation he is putting us in because of the people he has surrounded himself with .
the enemy of my enemy is my friend .
send them back and secure the border !
no lover of liberty wants a government that is .
i thought us georgia men had more courage than what u displayed today , sir .
congressman , crashing through the debt ceiling will kill the us economy and cause a depression that will take decades to recover from .
republicans were elected to stop obama &apos;s one man rule .
and on a quite morning on dec 7th , 2012 we are telling you dont raise the debt ceiling anymore for any reason .
no question , he should not be afforded the rights of an american citizen .
they will have enemies if there is no understanding .
the president is to see that the laws are faithfully executed , though he may grant reprieves and pardons except regarding congressional impeachment of himself or other federal officers .
if we lose and i pray to god we won &apos;t you will have been responsible .
so why don &apos;t you cut up the credit card that congress created by making cuts instead of blaming the president .
why are dems not getting many likes on rand pauls page ?
goo get them evil fools rand paul 2016
still haven &apos;t since 2007. and got ta love how barry is defending veterans from going to their own memorial wall then what he sent to benghazi .
because o is king .
if you think you should pay more taxes , just write a check and send the government more money .
with the good dr. paul retired we look to you , justin , to pick up the mantle of truth in congress .
do well for maine bruce .
obama needs more substance .
he has gone against our constitution more than he &apos;s been for it !
his executive orders alone far out number any previous sitting president , and he has circumvented the law numerous times without senate or congressional approval .
mr gowdy please expose comet &amp; besta pizza .
tired of these other countries that hate us and all we do is feel their pockets so they can build weapons to destroy us .
damn , i love my us flag bought at walmart and made in china .
republicans are not going to defund obamcare aka heritage foundation care republicans got the health care bill they wanted for over .
obamacare has force our family to pay more for less coverage .
jeffrey i am a christian and i belive in pray in school .. but you my sir are doing nothing but paying lip service to christian not by action , god belived in help people and this congressmen here has no intention of help people more like hurting them ..
he has long term plans with this or he wouldn &apos;t do it .
tell em rand ! ! !
god bless the rand paul campaign - and god bless america !
stand by the laws you created , nobody can not be exempt from obamacare .
praying for all our fellow georgians who are suffering such heart break !
obama made countless illegals legal citizens ( probably in the millions ) just prior to the election , and congress did nothing to stop this unconstitutional unlawful move .
mr. traister , check the u.s. constitution .
that deal = major major problems in the future .. no deal
if a private sector entity operated like the federal government , you would have been canned long ago .
during negotiations , senator reid gave the republicans 100 % of what they wanted and agreed with speaker boehner on a $ 988 billion cr .
they &apos;ve been horrible for our nation and i hope he falls on his sword due to this &amp; people will wake up to the inept person he is .
consider money given to governments overseas for military purposes that serves no purpose to us .
firing someone for upholding the constitution is irresponsible .
marco rubio for 2016 !
it is a tax that was not passed as a tax
to little too late paul ryan , i hope the people of your state send you packing , you don &apos;t deserve the right to serve the people .
does congress have the authority to tax americans at different rates ?
he has guts and a back bone along with being an american patriot .
may our lord guide your path and bless you with his wisdom .
with all political differences i have always considered mr. mccain an honorable , courageous and trustworthy representative of american conservatism .
in all circumstance , this whole shebang falls flat on it &apos;s face !
i pray that god will give you the direction and the perserverance to keep on .
senator portman - please vote no on betsy devos .
give in to the democrats on amnesty and obamacare and it will be the last time we vote for a republican !
obama is the one who is leading us to financial disaster .
how is passing obamacare last year working out for the american people ?
they knew he was a congressman and still gave him a hard time because he would not go through the full body scanner .
this congress and this house are the least liked and measurably the least effective congress in us history .
now it is obvious you have none .
it is amazing how many think that the only ones who will be impacted are the conservative republicans .
you took advantage of your position , had the worst no show voting record in the senate and have not represented florida .
why not thune for president ?
i &apos;m so sick of the republican party not standing behind mr. trump .
why are you putting the american people in harm &apos;s way by not securing the border with mexico ?
10. balance the budget .
ed snowden is a true patriot who saw it as his duty to report perceived illegal actions against the american people to those higher up in the chain of command , and since government answers to the people , he went right to the top .
this happens when we the republican voters gave both houses and these hungry politicians gave and still giving obama everything he wants .
i &apos;m embarrassed by ted cruz , his vm was full when i called ...
either of az two senators have notcommitted to voting no on the cloture bill !
ahhhhh , now you &apos;re trying to get into his good graces , too late traitor !
i hope you will vote yes on impeachment soon .
senator graham what is being done about the military budget cuts ?
keep us out of this and start focusing on conservative issues such as balanced budget , budget cuts , jobs , and our own problems .
tom - if obamacare is so bad , why not let it go into effect , get public opinion on your side , and then elect people into office who will repeal it ?
i mean nixon was impeached for doing far less than obama is / has done in the last 6 months ! ! !
not much support for you here , sam .
voting for this bill is an abandonment of conservative values
time to go rino
i &apos;d like to apologize to representative blackburn for every reading-challenged commenter here who thinks she voted for boehner .
now mr. boehner wants to halt the f &amp; f ?
what we do about the buffett tax really does
the fact our govt is allowing this all to happen means you have zero power to stop it or you are all corrupt .
@ rb , are you &amp; many more like you who continually praise vern , unaware that the he and his cohorts in both the house &amp; the senate have blocked ( aka hold practice used in senate ) more than 400 bills that would have helped the needed changes so desperately needed in america ?
i think you should hang it up
how are going to vote on amnesty sir ?
you would absolutely not get my vote if you become a rino like rubio ! ! !
rand paul , you are another pitici
i thought you were different , ben .
i can only pray that will happen soon , very soon .
https : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = qxbswffh6ay listen to this speech by ronald reagan .
tracy .. it &apos;s not tom mcclintock and his buddies that are making americans work 2 jobs -- it &apos;s our evil-spirited president ! !
you , sir , are just the man to begin what must be done .
what is the update on our troops in ebola countries ?
hopefully cuba won &apos;t repeat iraq &apos;s mistake !
amen amen amen , mia ! !
if you were against obama care we wouldn &apos;t have obama care .
i say yes if these are true sales not foreign aid .
but most of the people running things in washington don &apos;t care about the american people .
thanks for standing with us dave .
this current president and his administration does not .
i think we need a new speaker of the house .
the fairtax is far superior to any flat tax ! !
my son tyler sent me this text : tim scott is one of the most solid born again believers i have ever heard speak !
like a good little gop soldier , rand paul is spreading the lies and exagerations about turtle tunnels and movie theaters .
trey , i believe in 4 years you sir should run for president 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸
look at the patriot act , nsa spying , lawless leadership .
defend the constitution
the founding fathers had enough forethought to guard against a large and overreaching central federal government .
i am sick of hearing about our broken immigration policies .
let &apos;s review : the usa patriot act was passed in 2001 and renewed in 2011. the government hasn &apos;t gone too far - congress passed the bill .
love ya , rand , but if you have further political aspirations , stay away from thom tillis !
trey gowdy should have been speaker !
take that time to review your oath to defend the supreme law of the land .... the constitution , including the 2nd amendment .
glad to see boehner out ... he was as flippy floppy as hillary .... i have reservations about paul ryan ... hope i am wrong
mr. palazzo , since you voted for the spineless rino boehner , you &apos;re part of the problem .
senator purdue - listen to your constituents and not the + $ 23k that devos donated to your campaign .
it should , because everyones taxes should have gone back to clinton &apos;s rates when we actually had a balanced budget republicans are always just talking about .
betsy devos is a joke !
if not , you may go back to playing with your barry obama bobble head doll .
david c. doesn &apos;t second the expression of appreciation , but jumps to the attack .
and now , after jimbo and his fellow rino &apos;s out negotiated themselves again and buckled again , harry reid wants to take his marbles and go home by refusing any compromise .
this all is so there is no focus on benghazi , fast holder , irs , nsa never forget ambassador stevens
he is not ignoring them , but the house is sure bent on breaking our country by their own inaction !
fox has just projected rand paul the winner !
praying harper .. mr gowdy pls do not let outsiders dictate .. this person killed out right , planned it , just cold blooded hate after befriending the parrisheners .
yes i did he has got my vote
i cannot thank bruce and his staff enough .
mccain and gramm are old and out of touch .
pass a budget and stick to it and stop whining about spending and debt .
you should have supported your republican candidate as soon as he won the nomination .
we don &apos;t want another tax , we are already taxed to death .
repeal gatt !
but the guy is helping rand win so - shut it !
the federal government is only proficient at blowing stuff up and taxation .
if cummings was implicated in being part of the mail trail with the irs related to those conservative applicants targeted why did he not recuse himself from this hearing ?
guess tsa doesn &apos;t exactly mean to save america ! !
the progressive socialist in dc are following saul alinsky doctrine .
he has always been consistently conservative .
bruce got the highest possible rating he was eligible to receive .
congressman jim renacci : it is very interesting that you &apos;ve never mention the fact that boehner and reid had a budget agreement worked out back in july .
flat tax or no tax better .
you obviously don &apos;t listen to your constituents and should be absolutely ashamed of yourself for supporting this unqualified person for such an important position .
trey would stand strong !
you are shutting down the govt you get the blame nobody else .
something profound from john mccain .
i know the sacrifices that our servicemen endure to maintain our freedoms which includes religion which is one of the important ones and which has been under attack as of late .
obama is delusional ! !
how abt defunding obamacare now !
you are taking our flag away which is just another step in taking our free speech .
my little american boy is serving in the military .
please pass along my concerns to your fellow senators , as i am sure that it will fall on deaf ears with the obama administration .
charlie crist keeps running the same old dry ads claiming that marco broke the law .
i for one don &apos;t give a quack what you think !
thanks for voting against this abomination ... it is good to see that someone has some common sense in washington .
in fact , the judges who have opposed such an order have now made themselves open to impeachment and removal with the facts already established since the supreme law is their constraint , guideline , duty and oath .
keystone is like straightening the deck chairs on the titanic if amnesty gets past the gop ... which it will because the gop leadership is on obama &apos;s side .
it is republicans like you , romney , bush etc etc we have to blame when we lose .
goehmert for speaker !
pass a balanced budget .
your fired johnny , you had a chance to stand with cruz but you blew it .
ted cruz was run against by the establishment rino in his state .
the other republicans that support endless spending may be in for a surprise come election time .
the number of lawmakers now refusing to be paid during the shutdown has expanded to 70. when the white house was confronted by a question about obama &apos;s pay , jay carney implied the president will not take the pay cut .
obama had a lot more to do with obamacare ( without gop support ! )
senator rubio is completely right - their values are our values .
i have unfriended boehner and rubio .
150 days woodall , the time until you and your tea party lackeys are voted out unless you get y &apos;all s * * t together , pass a clean bill and then begin talks of repealing act .
same to u sir !
the freedoms we have are guided by the bible .
remember you were elected to honor and support the constitution first .
when has the law ever stopped him from doing things he shouldnt
charleston is such a wonderful place .
thanks for all you &apos;ve done mr. gowdy and giving us republicans reason to hang in there .
that would be a gulag lindsey graham ! !
great comment tom .
will be there sen. thune , saw you last night on hannity .
obama supporters , get your head out of you a * * and see the truth .
i live here and have had two insurance rate hikes directly attributed to obama care per the insurance company .
mr scott you owe the people of south carolina an apology .
do you realize , beneath the sound bites , what y &apos;all look like to the country ?
indeed , the administration is out of control .
we will keep the oaths we swore to almighty god to defend the constitution against all enemies , foreign and domestic .
he will go down in history of being one if the top 10 courageous , patriotic presidents in our history .
our liberty &amp; money being stolen at same time .
i know this is a very profitable &quot; career &quot; which would be in jeopardy if you didn &apos;t play along with the rino leadership .
why in the hell would the president want to invade his own country and texas no less ?
just do it per state and not the locality , then it is only 52. some states depend on sales tax as the only real revenue .
^ shhhhh , bob - logical questions are not allowed .
what how about vern and the rest of your good old boys go to a food store , and gas station and tell me the prices havent gone up .
great to meet you last night at little mike hamburgers we are praying for you
scott , remember that you are voting for what &apos;s right for the country , not what &apos;s right politically .
robert , he is putting america first .
sir , the intent is good however they are already here .
good job sir god bless you
we the american people have had to do this in this economy but obama continues to throw money away as fast as he can .
he is just singing to the choirs of what used to be the iowa republican party .
i don &apos;t recall hearing a peep out of our kansas senators when it mattered .
i really wish the rest of the republican leadership would have done the same .
you are spineless when it comes to doing what &apos;s right for the american people .
you have now solidly proven that you are no &quot; conservative &quot; .
yes we did and we prayed for you and your fellow officials holding public office .
everyone in america should know not to vote for any of these 226 traitors to the constitution ever again !
i think it &apos;s time you and some of your buddies in congress take real action and stop the attack on our country from within our own government .
impeach now the ......
not to sure james , but we need to play better
if rinos are jamming you up call them out .
it &apos;s about debt !
if it &apos;s against the law , then don &apos;t let him do it .
no weapon against god children shall prosper in the name of jesus .jehovah god i ask this blessing in the name of jesus .
explain to us how the fair tax is fair to the middle class ?
the only one who wants to shut down the government is the dictator in chief ! ! ! ! !
and as a result we americans are supposed to forget the south and the flag they flew and pretend it wasn &apos;t part of american history all because of one messed up kid .
the president has given obamacare exemptions to hundreds of large companies , while small businesses must comply .
do not cave in to the socialist demands of obama and its senate .
i stand behind trump.this year i vote republican for him , but after the election i am done with the republican party .
she should be in jail and you mr. ryan should have backed trump a long time ago ! ! ! !
if not for him , for the good of the republican party .
get it together lindsey !
we the people are tired of the gop talk , it &apos;s time for you all to take the action we voted for you to take
rand for pres .
please listen to your constituents and reconsider .
comey has no spine for what is needed to be done .
tim , who &apos;s paying you ?
senator lankford , is the reason no one is filing to impeach mr obama is because of the length left in his term vs the time it would take to see that through ?
because that &apos;s all that our immigration system has done over the past few decades .
we will be praying for you and will add you to our prayer list at church .
john , we are all just biding our time and waiting for your announcement that you will run and replace obama !
you and mccain are an embarrassment and should both retire .
everyone in that shut down building needs to be charged with treason !
he &apos;s had the guts to tell the truth about many things we need to change in this country .
an embarrassment for tennessee
go , rand paul .
tom you do not belong in any office anywhere.http : / / www.foxandhoundsdaily.com / 2013 / 10 / ridding-gop-tea-party /
if they know what they are doing then they are selling out the united states in favor of global government which is the same thing as the talmudist-bolshevik-communist agenda and that makes the carnahans traitors .
we the people already now what the problem is now we have to come togeather and stop the goverment from ruining our country we all know they dont care they are set for life living off our money
you are sticking to your values , and doing your job for the people of sc .
our freedom , our rights , our constitution is being battered on all sides .
i stand with the go veneers and not the federal government
lol , now now rand , i &apos;m a troll and i &apos;m offended anyway .
we are all standing with you mia !
defund it sir
i almost always agree with senator rubio but this time i agree with senator paul .
a minimalist constitutional government is what we should be aiming for .
legalize marijuana a bush is god exodus 3 .. your oath to serve your nation under god .
can we impeach obama on grounds of treason ?
a network out to make money , duh !
i sure hope you voted &quot; no &quot; and will support a change of leadership for republicans in the house .
she is far better at explaining conservative solutions than most republicans .
way to go justin ! ... just so u know , someone hacked ur fb account and posted something about paul ryan being a great guy .
you raised your hand at the first debate to support the nominee chosen by the people .
rand , go away !
no we don &apos;t like his tax and spend plan .
merry christmas congressman gowdy !
happy thanksgiving sir , god bless
wake up people and lets stop giving or selling our own country .
so , you don &apos;t think the government should pay its bills ?
this is why obamas people in government are running ads in south america telling people to cross our border illegally so they will ne allowed to illegally vote for democrats .
people who listen to their voters and not the republican party .
thanks for supporting rand paul &apos;s amendment .
minnesota conservatives are with you , mia .
praying for wisdom , peace god &apos;s blessing on you all
stuff it , there is no way you &apos;re getting my vote , mr amnesty .
jesus was not a capitalistic man who always tried to benefit himself and the people that pay for his reelection .
start the impeachment now please
he probably has more praying for him than any candidate ever in history .
i received an email tonight at 5 : 00 p.m. informing me that my fine would be $ 4,037 and could be attached to my yearly income tax return .
the first spending cut needs to be on the salaries of our senators and congressmen / women .
bring our boys home and keep the jihadists out .
obama does not have a clue of what in the hell he is talking about .
last i heard , the &quot; tp &quot; objective was for government to abide by the constitution and fiscal responsibility .
the next congress is not bound by promises made by the current administration , which is why obama &apos;s plan doesn &apos;t stand up to scrutiny .
president obama has bluster , then pull back .
trey gowdy stand your ground &amp; stay in the fight .
if the president wants to move them , he should have to live with them !
and scott desjarlais keep up the good fight !
all i can do now is pray to the lord jesus christ that he will save us from you people !
that &apos;s what the constitution protects you from you feeble minded people .
if you vote for paul ryan for speaker , i will be ashamed of you for as long as i live .
i hope to see a day that people of oklahoma stop supporting ideas that are against their well-being .
we are going to have to cut spending drastically in the near future .
tom mcclintock some of the posts on your wall are discracefull and unamerican .
stand with our troops !
it &apos;s time for some cuban power in the white house !
screw the republican party .
he will not get my vote nor will anyone else in favor &quot; amnesty &quot; .
cut spending drastically .
i might support a clean cr if harry reid resigned immediately .
rooney also seems to have no confidence in our constitutional justice system .
why is this tucked away in an immigration bill where no one is hearing anything about it ! ?
you sir , have gone against the will of the people .
john kerry needs to go home and take obama with him .
the government not being fiscally responsible is going to cause this household to lose 4 days of pay per month .
thanks and now its time to stay on the rest of the rep.that are kissing obama and get them to back you .
marco , marco ...... if you can &apos;t support the presumed nominee in your own party , why do you think anyone would ever vote for you again ?
impeach the prick while your at it !
vote no , sir .
we have had to watch as our freedoms and rights are being stripped away one by one .
wrong military and veteran path , wrong immigration path , wrong budget path , wrong 2nd amendment path , wrong isis path , wrong about economy
if you vote yes on cloture , you vote for obamacare , and we know it .
funding the country by cr should be an embarrassment to every conservative minded fiscally responsible republican .
we can still send them back just turn the problem over to the vigalsnties bet they get it done real quick
god bless you sir , and god save the republic .
hope the people of kentucky can see that .
i &apos;m amazed only 77 % oppose .
once any of this takes effect their is no turning back nor anyway to right the wrong being done ! ! ! !
shane , i see rep. langford as someone who cares about this nation and his districts .
mr strange do u have ur own page ?
everyone died for the american flag .
completely disappointed in your confirmation of devos and sessions , two people who should have never been voted in .
we just keep giving money and supplies to egypt and they hate us .
rand paul ... you are a true american ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
my senators here in ca are babs boxer and diane feinstein - it does absolutely no good to contact them .
happy easter james !
but probably wouldn &apos;t scream foul if a flat tax was implemented .
finally , we want to keep more of our own money - enact a fair tax now !
we are going to loose our beloved country if we don &apos;t take care of this business stated on your posts .
this will be your last term you traitor !
even speaker boehner admits this .
maybe the fbi are afraid of losing their jobs !
i understand that mrs. devos has given large campaign contributions to many republican congresspeople .
sweet stay the course !
i love israel !
all they can talk about is how guilty obama is but they just talk and do nothing .
bush , unlike the current occupant of the white house , got congressional approval before invading either afganistan or iraq .
little late in the day mr. ryan !
mr. paul , we stand with you !
egypt needs to be stopped as well iraq , iran , libya , syria , pakistan , saudi arabia , etc .
it &apos;s time to kick this loser out of office .
sarah palin is a traitor in supporting shannon and also a pro abortion women in georgia karen handle .
johnny isakson , respectfully , reconsider .
dear senator sasse - first of all , for at least the past two decades &quot; the fix &quot; has been in .
we would no longer be supporting more print of money to pay for the aid nor the price of maintaining operations on foreign soil .
making sure our spending is less than out &quot; income &quot; instead of just getting more money from taxpayers to keep the same expense afloat .
he wasn &apos;t supposed to turn in his spine with his ta 50 equipment .
we hope and expect to elect an exceptional republican president in 2016 who will return our country to it &apos;s exceptional position in this world .
just think how nice things would be in our country if johm mccain was elected president in 2008 instead of the socialst , far left libera we currently are stuck with .
you and ted cruz are good team for 2016. i &apos;ll vote for you .
roberts decision forced the bill to the congress house because obama &apos;s legal team argued that obamacare was actually a tax increase , so by law all tax increases must be voted in the house of congress .
simplify tax codes and create tax tiers based on revenue .
during the vietnam war in 1973 , congress passed the war powers act to severely limit the ability of the president to conduct warfare without congressional approval .
sense when does he obey the law !
good , but if you people in congress hadn &apos;t let this immigration thing get out of control over the past 30 + years we wouldn &apos;t be discussing it today
just excuses to allow illegals in !
ben was always at war with his vices .
you represent the people of georgia not just the republicans of georgia .
your decision to support devos tells me you have not , sir .
this man is a traitor to the nation and has no respect for the constitution .
i just hope harper has the guts to vote no also .
13 benghazis happened under president bush and rand paul said nothing ........... http : / / www.policymic.com / articles / 40811 / 13-benghazis-happened-under-president-bush-and-fox-news-said-nothing &#91; &#91; share &#93; &#93;
the northwest georgia council of gcar will be happily welcoming sen. isakson to the colonnade tomorrow for our realtor luncheon .
please push for a repeal .
john kasich is a egotistical joke , ted cruz came to the show way to late just like you did marco rubio , carly fiorini .
do not want a flag flown over th capitol for five seconds , and i really do not think the tsa needs new uniforms , and i do not think we nee to give any money to rich foriegners in the form of foriegn aid .
you stand for liberty and a better american future .
love it mia love !
and obama said it was not patriotic for bush to rack up so much debt so quickly .
love you congresswoman mia love ...... keep up the good work !
flat 10 % tax .. earn a dollar pay a dime .. feds get 3 % for all their expenses ... states get 2 % county gets 2 % .cities get 2 % .. all other services and levies split that last 1 % period ... no loophole .. no exemptions ... no taking $ $ out of country .. applies to rich and working people only ...
senators mike lee ( r-ut ) , ted cruz ( r-tx ) , marco rubio ( r-fl ) , jim inhofe ( r-ok ) , richard burr ( r-nc ) , jerry moran ( r-ks ) , mike enzi ( r-wy ) , ron johnson ( r-wi ) , jim risch ( r-id ) and mike crapo ( r-id ) have already joined senator paul .
sign on to massie &apos;s letter against the internet sales tax bill and cosponsor audit the fed .
and you supported mitch for speaker !
you should have told the potus you had a higher priority with the filibuster .
two opinions with valid points belonging to a whole and fringe wacko elements not contributing to the whole .
another nc teacher here , asking you to vote no .
rep. ryan also warned fellow gop house members against supporting the so-called gang of six bipartisan budget proposal : &quot; if you support that , i must warn you , you are flirting with reasonableness . &quot;
mlk would be a supporter of ron paul if he where allowed to have lived to this day and then they both would accomplish what is needed for america .
as long as the cadillac tax is gone ! !
i notice the administrator &apos;s of your page are rather selective in the comments and posts that they allow ..... i guess the yes and no questions are just too hard to handle .
neither is congress , but both are so arrogant as to assume they know better what our nation needs than hundreds of millions of americans who tell them what they need by their spending decisions every day .
vp candidate ryan votes no to save on war , yes to cut medicare .
marsha marsha marsha .... you better be nice , girl lol ...
http : / / readersupportednews.org / news-section2 / 320-80 / 12313-focus-5-ways-republicans-have-sabotaged-job-growth thanks for nothing , bob .
as always , proud of our senator rand paul .
he crams his authority down peoples throat like the obama care for instances .
cruz , kasich ... we need someone that can tie trump back to the republican party before it &apos;s lost .
he should be running on a socialist ticket .
bless you sir , hon mr. gowdy .
merry christmas mia have wonderful day ...................
you are a patriot , sir .
please do not support obama in this path .
obamas millions of americans are only a few million , when you have 250 million saying no to obamacare , he still thinks his few are more important than the 250 million.please get this obama guy of of the american peoples whitehouse , the sooner the better
now will the senate and wh follow ?
im shocked how people that call themselves republicans or conservatives say things that do not reflect reality , but what imaginary world they would rather believe instead .
he should have done something about it a long time ago .
i &apos;d vote for mia anytime ! !
remember , you got elected in one of the biggest votes of no confidence in decades against the establishment and administration .
you cant trust any answers you receive from obama .
senator mccain , please stand up to our current president--and not only as it pertains to how he deals with putin .
i have to agree with mccain .
she does not listen to the american people !
yay rand i agree completely .
thanks tom you and your colleagues are definitely thinking about your next election .
clearly obama is not a supreme being or of supreme intellect .
the republicans did not do this to obama .
rand paul for president , repeal 1913 .
hold tight to principles such as adherence to the constitution and limited government but be flexible on revenue issues .
he might support obama but that is because of obama &apos;s foreign policy .
john aka brending klout https : / / www.youtube.com / feed / scridy1nzcn9tudjpl8szfjqffbehz _ qwdnv3-frumfe _ q # k _ kids # builders _ club # key _ club # circle _ k http : / / brending.appsharingnetwork.com / marketplace # marketplace # brending # brending ® © ™ æ ½ http : / / mysapce.com / jdzarlino / videos # jdzarlino ~ ~ ~ ~ # kiwanis2015 ~ ~ ~ ~ + video email http : / / vk.com / kiwanis # kiwanis + coupon code brending + brendingopolis # paul _ rand who was paul rand and why is it important for your brand , product , service , cause , or concept ?
we see that you voted for the omnibus spending bill .
does anything he does surprise you ?
by your support of it you have branded yourself a fool and a traitor .
betsy devos is unqualified for secretary of education period !
james lankford you are mr prioritizer !
no repeal it !
to help achieve these goals , today i co-sponsored s . 928 , the james zadroga 9 / 11 health and compensation reauthorization act .
bang up job by obama , holder , sharpton and the rest of the race batters .
most like living on all the welfare and entitlement programs .
praying for to happen ! !
curiously , lyndon johnson , nixon &apos;s predecessor , also used illegal surveillance activities against political rivals , but was not impeached .
marsha did this because mitch mcconnell told her to .
seems like a lot of outside money coming to maine to tell us whats good for us .
past time to impeach obama
it &apos;s about time they quit the spending and get rid of all those subsidies and other wastes !
our tax dollars are finding the group that just massacred a christian village in syria .
it is the socialist government on the march against its enemy - the american people .
hear you marsha blackburn have your eye on the governorship ... think i will be helping a true vonservative .
you are graded each and every day by the attitude you have towards your oath of office to preserve , protect and defend the constitution .
and yes , may god bless america !
3 hours ago · unlike · 1 tom martz in reading the proposed bill which the voters will approve if it makes it to the ballot the above story does indeed end up happening here in mo .
pointing out his so-called failed administration is meaningless .
trey please lock up that pos clinton thing ....
example this is the 1st veto .
very well said , please send that message to him mia in your own words
use are own resouceses more , and paying america not china , mexico , south america and other foriegn countries ! !
you cannot donate to obama here but are given your first amendment right .
good luck , mr. scott .
yep , that would be my family , the president is a lying pos ! ! !
if education is something very dear to you , then you wouldn &apos;t have backed devos .
keeping you in my prayers sir
this thing was not even read and forced through with no republican votes !
i appreciate any move by the legislative branch to assert its authority over what has become an increasingly lawless executive branch .
it would take massive amounts of conservatives to pull this off , the question is , will massive amounts of conservatives unite to pull this off ?
it is not a christian tree .
he don &apos;t need campaign dollars for that all he needs to do is his job that we the people gave him
this president has done nothing for the country , only against us .
the irs should go after the tea baggers .
house republicans will vote to repeal the affordable care act again on tuesday .
well , you know if you could not carry a party &apos;s nomination ... then you should do what is right for america ... back off and let the people vote for whomever is nominated .
you &apos;re wrong on this one tom
1.2 million unborn children were killed due to abortion in 2008
adolf obama i guess the idiot wants to assassinate americans , has he ever thought about how americans feel about him destroying our country.pay back could be hell.i still beleive one of his secret service boys will send him on to meet hugo his old buddy
from what we learned you never did a thing for the people of florida so go on back .
speak truth mia !
how about in 2014 we continue the path of recovery set by the democrats and the obama administration , with a little help by your side vern it would be amazing ...
but your man lindsay was never there to bail you out .
i &apos;m sorry but all you stand with isreal folks can &apos;t justify your small government conservative credentials with propping up foreign governments all over the world .
we need more young conservative blood like cruz and lee
so are expecting an enemy to invade us ?
you can &apos;t lift up voting against spending and tax increases if you support the guy that proposes bigger spending and more taxes .
you will not get my vote come reelection .
hugs and prayers to amanda and her family !
i don &apos;t see any scenario where a conservative gets freedom of speech honestly .
mr. president this comment # 19 in a series of 1514 comments i will send to the white house during your second term .
why is congress so afraid to do what the people want impeach obama and put him in prison .
i voted for you as a conservative .
option b lol at the people who think the light rail can magically be built without taxpayer money .
we pray for you often .
rand , we finally have a strong leader for the republican party !
as far as i can tell , no article of the constitution has been repealed .
no body wants to be called politically incorrect so they go along .
it is in your hands , bob goodlatte , now get up and do something .
like my health care costs are going down ( hint liar ) like voting on a debt ceiling increase for george bush is the sign of a lack of leadership .... but not for him .
however , you can have all the order you want in the house unless we win the white house in 2016 it does not matter .
unfortunately , since i work in brentwood and have an hour drive home , i won &apos;t be able to make it tomorrow , scott desjarlais .
impeach him now b-4 it &apos;s to late 3 : )
i believe in my heart of hearts you &apos;re supposed to be our next president so i &apos;m praying for you and i &apos;m praying that god watch over you at this time
you see , if the constitution is ignored , the pres can justify anything ( and will )
mia for vp !
please explain , specifically , why you think dismantling the epa is a good idea ?
fair tax is what we need abolish the irs .
that pay is minuscule to what you receive from lobbyist i &apos;m sure ... how about donating that money mr graham .
may god keep you in his hands ! ! !
those constitution patriot people are so dangerous !
instead of spread more stupidity , why don &apos;t you make efforts to impeach trump ?
obama needs to go 🐵 🐵 🐵 🐵 🐵
i have no confidence that the obama administration will do anything to a democrat .
no más ! !
this president was raised muslim by his father and his step father , the rest of his family were communists , he must be watched closly and stop his damaging agenda .
we can secure the borders without it .
congress is in charge of spending .
i wish lynn would do the same .
we will be a 3rd world country by the time you get done with this country
the past 7.5 years of obama &apos;s reign having been nothing more than social engineering .
we should not siphon public dollars out of our sorely needed educational fund to support them .
you voted for cloture , fucknuckles .
reid , pelosi , and obama once again ran the table on you guys and you showed you don &apos;t have the backbone to standup and do what &apos;s right .
stop him he is the biggest looser
mr. gowdy .. i don &apos;t understand why congress and the senate keep allowing mr. obama to do what he does without repercussions .. all everyone says it &apos;s against our constitution , against the law , but no one does anything about it .
karen is absolutely correct !
sanford already had a chance at congress and governor .
so why should we take you for your word that defunding parts of the bill is appropriate , sensible or rational ?
i had a better impression of you rand , you dont care for the environment .
america : impeach the dude ! ! !
so congressman coffman , do something .
tim is right .
hear , hear , mr. mcclintock !
that was a dumb move there johnny &quot; maverick : .
i watched rand paul &apos;s speech on this topic .
you have given nothing but hell for going into iraq and now obama wants you to trust him to lead you in a war with syria just to be saudi arabia &apos;s puppet army ! !
well said mr. zeldin .
the va should be treating service-related issues , not be a back door to socialized medicine .
i do not know what fact checker the lib.s are looking at , but everyone i check has biden lying at least on 10 points , ryan not so much ! ! !
it is obvious that our tax dollar has not been used wisely in the apprehension of illegal immigrants .
i agree , it &apos;s time to reform the tax code by changing to a flat tax .
no wonder you are running for reelection .
praying the only way to start .
talked to your staff in washington and in kansas .
rudy &apos;s a good guy , and i &apos;ll always admire him for standing strong during 9 / 11 , but he is pretty far from being a conservative and i really hate to see marco cozying up to establishment republicans .
well , he &apos;s not going to work with anyone ... get used to it and get the votes needed to override his veto .
a no ball president !
marco was a part of the forum and also spoke ( eloquently ) .
the cloture vote is the only on that counts !
no budget increase .
rand , ignore the rant ... raise the money you need to turn this country around !
he hasn &apos;t done anything else he has talked about ....
please reconsider and listen to all of your constituents .
maybe the president will read this and wake up from his sick recommendation that we all sit around the yuletide fire and push obama care on the young .
we would really appreciate a town hall setting though .
obama has waged a political jihad on our nations aggregate christian faiths to where for the 1st time in our history we now have evangelical christians &amp; catholics listed as &quot; religious extremists &quot; by the pentagon under this particular president .
you should run mia !
i &apos;m sure their 10 viewers will appreciate it .
happy easter to you and yours sir .
the speaker is a mouse and needs to vacate asap !
why not just a flat tax with no deductions ? ? ? ?
why is no one complaining about the pile of crap obama is doing and saying that should be consistent with the leadership from a commander-in-chief ? ?
he took an oath of office to uphold the constitution .
i hate you john mccain
i sure feel bad that the government feels it has to &quot; punish &quot; our military !
i bet that before you knew the lord you said things and did things just like that .
if anything , that alone says a great deal about the state of utah .
in the past the government has labeled people like dr. king , and even this year our own govt has labeled bible believing christians terrorists .
shouldn &apos;t the american citizen and our needs be the focus of the government we have elected ?
we the people hear all the time of what you and other republicans are not doing to help the president , turn that publicity around .
enough talking and no action .
boehner owns insurance stock and purchased large sums more , days before he proposed blocking obamacare .
devos has funneled taxpayer money away from public schools to substandard private schools .
i was very upset to learn that mccain and graham are speaking out against rand paul for this .
obama has a strategy for dealing with isis and he has it in full swing .
and sold out to rubio and the establishment ? ? ?
devos is not for public education .
the &quot; so called republicans &quot; this exempts ted cruz , mike lee and rand paul , have put up a false fight .
ted cruz all the way ! !
obama would have little chance to repeal the patriot act .
he &apos;s is office because he is our president and his actions are legally authorized unless and until the supreme court says they are not , but given history of executive order precedent it is likely his actions are completely legal .
we need a national conservative party and let the republicans just join the democrat party .
corporate welfare unchecked - we have a collection problem - not a spending problem .
oh yeah lindsey .
hang in there sir !
@ robert yea and rand endorses mitt which is just like obama .
and crimea wanted to go back to russia , but ukraine wouldnt let them .
you mean govt grows too big , out of control , welfare state ?
these wars have destroyed our military , you idiot .
trying to shred the constitution .
if the debt ceiling is not lifted by that date , the government would be forced to stop , limit or delay payment on a broad range of its obligations , including physician payments . &quot;
this demonstrates that you are neither .
it &apos;s amazing how much the establishment of both parties hate liberty
until then , you are no better than our lawless president .
then if biden insists on the liberal agenda , we impeach him too ! !
step outside of your political party and do what &apos;s right for not only sc but our country !
flat tax please
securing our border is ok. but creating a system to do this effectively is key .
after the rubio endorsement it &apos;s hard to take you seriously .
you are doing a fantastic job of defending liberty and our free market system - keep up the great work rand !
praying for you in michigan ,
i &apos;m concerned mr. mc clintock !
happy anniversary mr. lankford !
congratulations on your win as well diane
it matters to us , for we demand the government which suppose to serve us be transparent ...
i agree ... repeal the insurance industry wrote it and congress didn &apos;t count the cost .
and tell that little weasel tim kain to get back in there and listen for a change .
president obama and america do not deal with extortionists .
stay out and pray for them .
drop the corporate tax rate to a flat 2.5 % federal govt .
up yours traitor .
how else can you replace god with government if you allow god on the public square ?
he &apos;s for way more gay / trans rights than any other republican , and he &apos;s pro 2nd amendment compared to any liberal .
we had the same problem with mccain and romney ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i say impeach the scumbag before he does any more damage .
the american people want washington to stop spending .
resignation of comey or investigation on him for treason and dereliction of duty
who in the heck does he think he is bypassing all of he congress , etc . ?
we have a beautiful flag for our country that includes everyone here .
we need more patriots like rand paul to step up .
merry christmas to you and your family senator tim scott .
tyranny and the more evil obama does ( the buck stops there ) , the more he seems to get energy from them to continue !
i don &apos;t believe any of ya &apos;ll are going to do anything .
john 3 : 16 -- ) we know the love of god , because he -- &gt; jesus christ &lt; -- laid down his life for us and we ought to lay down our lives for the brethren .
you all probably watch fox news ,
we can &apos;t afford most things that the welfare folks get free because we are supplying it through our taxes .
communist government .
they could not stand the man !
i &apos;m a democrat who agreed little with speaker boehner but i do wish him the best .
i would however support it if our government was more fiscally accountable and responsible .
border security is of course extremely important .
we pay the bill for you at least listen to what we have to say .
no guts there anymore !
marco , you should support trump like you said you would on the debate stage .. sometimes things don &apos;t go the way want them to , we still do what &apos;s right !
the consumer is the ultimate victim , &amp; the sad thing is that most congressmen don &apos;t even know what the jones act is .
apparently , it didn &apos;t sweep obamacare .
i agree that obamacare is about control .
prayers for all affected .
yep all politicians are snakes ... we need to identify and eradicate the enemy not waste resources .
bob , let &apos;s start with term limits for all elected officials .
the republican party sold its soul to the devil decades ago .
the constitution was crafted so that dictator wanna be &apos;s like obama would not be able to rule the people with an iron fist .
sp has some good words but it doesn &apos;t seem like she has the deep seated , personal understanding of liberty based philosophy like mr. paul
likewise , when a conservative does wrong , he &apos;ll hear from me as well .
... i had a dreams before ... senator rand paul .... this dream just tells me that .... madame hillary clinton will win the next presidency .. i know you arre just jealous about that .. senator rand paul .. ... never mind it will be for the next time .
and better still , no more tax withholding ... when tax time comes , you gotta pay right then and there !
obama is the trojan horse .
we have to stop the irs from putting those two words together theirs , cause it isn &apos;t .
we are not only coming after the dems ... we are coming for you rinos too !
god bless these men , sen cruz and sen lee .
de-fund obama care completely and de-fund the irs too !
part of that ( the increase due to tarp of nearly 1 trillion after all was said and done ) was actually signed into law by president bush before he left office though it applied to the first fiscal year under president obama , it was not his doing .
thanks for standing up for our constitution !
does not surprise me that obama is trying to do this power move that goes against the will of the people he has been doing it for 7 years
i &apos;m 54 years old , and have voted republican since regan not because of party loyalty , but because the republican party has provided candidates that most resemble my beliefs .
america will never fall as long ad we have smart and brave young boys and girls to stand up and not just believe what they see on tv .
hand out copies of the total money makeover by dave ramsey to all 49 other senators .
how can you be a proud product of the south carolina public school system and not support the public-school teachers .
you guys need to defund any obama executive bs on immigration .
- guy from texas
the future won &apos;t be brighter if carson is appointed to education .
proud to be from south carolina !
it scares me that this administration gives so little thought to basics including our constitution .
he &apos;s a fraud and the truth needs to come out !
rand paul you are a poor excuse for a human being !
i agree tom steele
amen johnny i .
hey mr. rino !
your lack of willingness to vote the voice of wyoming families who spoke up this time is something i will think hard about next election .
this idea of &quot; if obama wants it we are against it &quot; is getting so old .
i am 68 , have a son who is a senior at georgia tech , and am appalled at the world i am leaving him .
republican voters sure are stupid ! ! ! !
praying for peace , the world &amp; truth &amp; trey gowdy .
you are supposed to represent the larger constitutional conservative base .
first the president will sign it on january , it goes in to effect 6months later why to give the gop time to produce a bill .
better , cochrane has a game plan for what to do once obamacare has collapsed : only deregulation can unleash competition .
trey can be atty general , speaker of the house , president .
i &apos;m thankful for your service , senator isakson !
the &quot; refugees &quot; on an island far from australia should not be our problem , since this &quot; deal &quot; was done by obama , after the election .
he is a tool that hates conservatives ! !
so we preserve our freedom by not guaranteeing our people the freedom the constitution guarantees ? ? ?
i too am very proud if the hard work and dedication james has done since day one !
if you weren &apos;t born here , you aren &apos;t invited here and if you cross the border illegally , you go to alcatraz and you stay there .
how about a new fiscal conservative party ?
thune 2016
or , more likely , her initiative is a play to appeal to trey gowdy &apos;s many fans in utah because her own record is not worthy of re-election .
trey gowdy and paul ryan want to get rid of social security ! ! !
i &apos;d also like to know how obama and holder are involved--and we all know they are .
without a solid budget , the congress and the executive branches can spend on anything they want with no accountability .
larry hill by your site you are not the same breed as james lankford he is a christian first and republican last like the rest of us and we don &apos;t care to associate with rats .
the full south carolina house of representatives voted 102 – 11 on the resolution in january 2010 .
mia , you &apos;re not alone .
also , isn &apos;t it just like obama and his buddies to shut down the government just because his health care program was un-funded .
does your campaign know what positions / jobs emily cain has held ?
liberals and conservatives live in this district and we cannot get anything done if all you want to do is argue .
representing the people of florida would be backing donald trump 100 % ... after all ... he carried the florida primary by a significant margin .
the judicial branch or the legislative branch should have noticed that obama &apos;s executive orders change laws written the legislative branch and approved by the executive branch .
i also have heard that paul ryan want to do away with medicare and social security .
we caused the problem now we have got to fix it .
let &apos;s get behind senator ted cruz , he has the plan to end this crap !
rand paul- is his father with political savy
bill passes to set international border standards &amp; obama won &apos;t enforce us border laws !
no longer chose to be inundated with obama &apos;s lies or his disrespect for america , americans or her rule of law - obama has flaunted his total disrespect while congress looks on and does little or nothing ! !
iran wants to wipe america off the face of the earth , along with israel .
one way or another obamacare is going down !
senator you are a rino your days are coming to an end in washington you care nothing about the voters of sc to late to start acting like you care
the obama administration did win a five-year extension of tax breaks for lower-income families , including the child tax credit and earned-income tax credit .
definitely need to repeal it .
just saying there is more in this country to focus on rather than illegals get technical the gov gives other country &apos;s to come over and build have u not been into a store lately or how bout the motels ....
i think we voted you all into office again to stop this stupid spending ,
since shaming politicians seems to be the only way to get them to do their job , here we go : senator mitch mcconnell aka mitch mcconnell , you get exactly one chance to do the right thing here .
republicans promised a fast repeal of obamacare .
obama is so rotten , and disgusting for what he and his gang are doing to this country
the american people don &apos;t want obamacare and rest assured when election time comes around we will remember who voted for what .
we are so proud of you tim scott .
it isn &apos;t obamacare , it &apos;s obamadoesn &apos;t care
thanks for maintaining your position mr. isakson .
today you sold out the gun owners of north carolina and the republicans out !
yes , trey gowdy will get the job done and ; again , quickly if this administration will be truthful and give him the information he requests .
3. if there is no constitutional authority and no federal law that has been broken , why is it okay for a judge to imprison a person ?
they need to lower the debt limit not raise it .
standards only to have the school replace it with chicken nuggets .
we did impeach nixon why can &apos;t we do it for obama do it for america we voted you guys in to do the right thing for us americans
so cant wait to vote you in office rand
disappointed congressman shuster voted against an amendment to prevent the ex im bank lending money to iran .
have senator cruz read us some more bedtime stories all night long in another marathon fillibuster !
no backing down now !
get out of the way rand .
the economy and repealing obamacare
will have no benefit of being the controlling party if you let him veto everything !
i am a conservative also .
glad one of our wyoming senators stood up with you .
john mccain is a true american hero and a great senator .. would have been a terrific president
i agree totally with jeannie lawson mccarthy is another &quot; good &quot; guy practicing dc politics .
michaud and cain gone !
read you just reversed your position and will support obamacare ... you will not be reelected , rino !
business passes on the charge , if they didn &apos;t pretty soon there would be no business , why do you think everything goes up in price ?
hope someone will primary him in 2016 , but he has all the establishment $ $ and backing .
i watched your address to the house on c-span today , congressman king .
it is time for the president to abide the constitution .
get some courage republicans or go away , we don &apos;t need you kowtowing to the establishment elitists .
really thoughtful of you , congressman bruce , to give heads up on this .
get you self serving obstructionists out of office and get government doing what they are supposed to be doing .... representing the people
show us you &apos;re a man john mccain .
we should never negotiate with our enemies unless it is to spell out their surrender .
heaven knows western north carolina could benefit from such a plan .
senator mccain , please keep fighting for what is right , you have to be a voice of reason and sanity within your party and with your pressident
# worstresponders goddamit !
the national debt , also known as the public debt , is the result of the federal government borrowing money to cover years and years of budget deficits .
ted , we are tired if globalist crap .
the constitution is there to tell the government , state and federal , the things they can &amp; cannot do .
obama needs to be impeached over this and hillary clinton needs to at the very least be kept from ever running for public office ever !
you gonna tax us more , or just triple the deficit ?
wondering if congress has to officially ask the fbi on investigating the perjury charge of hillary , does that mean they must ask them to officially look into the missing irs emails of former dir .
same to you mia and keep up with your good work .
read a few recent executive orders and some late un resolutions .
i remember being a youngster living in tn .
obama care needs to go away !
no problem with debt til the repub &apos; conservatives &apos; cut taxes and increased spending .
you swore to up hold our constitution .
it &apos;s time senator mccain that you fight for our country .
and once again he brought up he wants to close gitmo , cut benefits to our military .
i truely believe that if conservatives are not able to maintain their majority in the house and are unable to gain control of the senate , this country will be on course that will take us to socialism and bankruptcy .
senator , this could very well be your last term in the great palace known as washington dc if you disappoint your constituents with continuing to look out for your job and not what &apos;s going on in your home state .
so yes , i am truly praying for you and the others .
it &apos;s time to wade in to the snake pits in dc and remove them all
do you really think removing this flag would stop things like this .
so what &apos;s the replacement plan ?
megan kelly needs to go
flat tax and / or consumption tax .
do it , mia !
the only people that may be able to stop the deal call speaker john boehner and mitch mcconnell &apos;s office office phone number : ( 202 ) 225-0600 call senator mitch mcconnell dc ( 202 ) -224-2541
i asked for a number of another trey gowdy office where i could obtain an answer .
courageous americans have been signing up to serve our country in harm &apos;s way abroad for many years , tom .
god bless the cruz missile !
&amp; work on defunding obama care asap
john mccain equates allahu akbar with thank god http : / / www.politico.com / blogs / media / 2013 / 09 / mccain-shames-foxs-brian-kilmeade-171681.html # .uiyoblg6eu4.twitter
speaker ryan , my family , friends and church were ( and are ) trump supporters by and large here in tennessee .
wrong , mcclintock has it right and you are wrong .
i don &apos;t understand how a bill to repeal this penalty has come before congress for a number of years only to die in committee year after year .
return to the principles that build this great nation .
obamas socialism is destroying america an half of american voters aren &apos;t smart enough to figure it out .
seems like yesterday we had apartments next to each other , not 20 years ago !
sen. hatch , i would like to ask you a question about obama interfer with all religious faiths on obamacare if you don &apos;tine ?
thanks scott for a good job .
and jerry you need to go away .. since you don &apos;t think that those law enforcement officials or national guard did anything !
thankfully a republic balances that out and protects our life , liberty and freedoms , but , the other neat aspect is we as us citizens get to take up arms against our government if it ever became intelligent and tried to take away our lives , liberty and freedoms and create a fresh government .
get paid to do absolutely nothing - punish america for re-electing the president by doing nothing .
get to work on real things , you already voted on this to put it through , why are you wasting our time and money on bills that will not make it through the senate ?
john mccain for leader of egypt !
do not cave in !
so i will spend my money my way back off sam .
we want the over spending stopped .
no questions except to re-iterate my strongest desire to this entire unconstitutional obamacare law defeated ! !
great job on fox this afternoon ! ! !
keep on keeping on for us , james .
to bad there is not another republican
thanks but no thanks obama take a hike califorina is broke !
all of them but more the fact that noone in washington is doing anything about it .
it &apos;s absurd how you agree that we need a conservative senate and supreme court yet you weren &apos;t willing to do anything to stop crooked hillary .
rubio 2016 , u have my vote !
impeach obama , that will work !
.. we don &apos;t like how so called republicans can stab a fellow republican in the back .
you can cut money to fund the type of conflicts that are improbable , but we have already cut quite a bit .
yes so true mia .
i think our president is overstepping his authority .
and demos want to increase the number of poor with more socialist policies .
with dr ron paul out of congress , there is no hope for america
go fast turn left !
mobilize your facebook friends to vote for james .
now get the worthless commander in chief out of power and you &apos;l make a lot of veterans very happy ! ! ! !
why does our government sell arms to any country that is not true allies with the us and works so darn hard at restrictions on the second amendment for american citizens ?
devos has no qualifications !
no new border agents until 2017 : http : / / www.breitbart.com / big-government / 2013 / 06 / 21 / sessions-on-corker-hoeven-amdt-new-border-agents-won-t-start-to-be-hired-until-2017
maybe the congress should take everything to binding arbitration so some thing would get done up there .
the congress and the senate has failed big time to their employers .... which is us &quot; we the people &quot; !
this is just ashame what is going on with our military .
like my great grand parents , why cant tom be president ? ? ?
@ megan lynn do you know anything about this woman personally ?
it is a distraction so that you guys will get all worked up about her and not the other scandals going on .
i hoped you would at least stand up for our public schools , the children &amp; hard working teachers of america and vote no !
she said it was tsa rules .
so back off lee sayin he should investigate trump and russia .
trey gowdy for speaker of the house ! ! !
he is a pro amnesty for illegal foreigners , pro obama care for destruction of health care system and pro high internet sales tax .
now multiply that times 18. the government will never pay that off .
hey , james , remember when god sent the 12 into the promised land , 10 came back saying they couldn &apos;t , 2 came back saying that with god &apos;s help they could ?
the sheeple that voted for him have no clue ... they believe everything is going according to the plan ... which it is .
you are referring to the 2 billion obamass is setting aside to help the illegals get all they want for free .
rep. bishop , we won &apos;t default if you tell your colleagues to quit grandstanding .
i pray that the clintons , loretta lynch , obama , biden and all the others involved in wrong doing will be revealed to this nation .
i hear all this negative talk against obama yet americans are blaming republicans who are fighting for them !
i got the american flag tattooed on my arm .
do the republicans have anything else to say positive but bitch because you put another republican in there it will just continue two party systems sucks no honesty just gluttony until the own federal govt stops stealing from their own american people this cancer will never end .
now people want rubio back .
he plans on running the economy on his own hot air
or no obamacare .
the facts on fox are all over the place .
good afternoon , sir .
seriously sir you are delusional !
we can start to defund and revoke his ex orders .
you are supposed to fight for what we , the people , of tennessee want .
praying for charleston , the victims families , south carolina and our nation .
rand will not save you .
and the same to you and yours , bruce poliquin
stfu rand paul ! ! ! !
you are wonderful , mia !
no more , our country cannot afford it .
what kind of america is this where standing presidents ( on all sides of the isle ) can break the law and get away with it ?
james comey got squeezed .
need to get to get back to conservative principles period !
why don &apos;t we forget how y &apos;all vote , and let americans vote !
anyone who supports the continuation of foreign nationals being illegally brought into our country should be voted out of political office and be cast into jail as the traitor to the american people that they are !
god help us all with a prez like obama
johnny you got him and more .
defend america and our constitution !
the republican leadership quotes 18-20 % of gdp as our historical spending average , yet this is the average from the last 40 years – inclusive of a bloated bureaucracy including massive spending programs well outside any constitutional authority .
i also dont want bohener to annoit the likes of jeb bush , we dont need another bush .
what a shame to have an american flag behind you .
you and tillis should be ashamed that you have ignored your constituents and for the clear falsehoods you have written above .
( and btw , the ryan plan would , under dynamic scoring , balance the budget long before 2041 . )
gabby giffords destroys sen. crapo &amp; 44 of his senate colleagues .
wow , john cornyn , way to not say anything that commits you one way or the other .
diane m. george glenn to speak wed. june 19,2013 in front of the u.s.capitol ! ! !
mr. amash , i love your conservative fiscal ideas , but i now hear everything you say filtered through your endorsement of ron paul .
do your job and give this nominee the vote he deserves
support transparency not sopa !
both reagan and bush1 used executive action on immigration - this is not unprecedented .
it is past time to stop obama &apos;s infringement on the constitution , the american people and this country !
he would have upheld his promise and you aren &apos;t doing what you pledged .
join democracy spring georgia or follow our page democracy spring georgia for more information !
? ... every single department but defense should be cut 2 % a year for 10 years , and double that for the irs and dhs ... budget would balanced and debt could be paid ... period
since when do we allow executive orders to take precedence over enacted laws and the constitution ?
http : / / heritageaction.com / 2011 / 08 / hill-staffers-get-hawaii-vacation-and-you-pay-for-it / maybe we could cut spending in d.c. ?
not everyone around here is a christian , however , which mr. johnson seems to be confused about .
in fact , not raising the debt ceiling will be beneficial for the world &apos;s economy , yoho has decided : &quot; i think we need to have that moment where we realize &#91; we &apos;re &#93; going broke , &quot; yoho said .
give &apos;m hell paul .
sen. isakson visited nashville , ga yesterday .
under your continued failed leadership oklahoma seems to be regressing and continuing it &apos;s reliance on a 19th century fuel source .
obama is destroying this country and congress , both houses , is complicit .
put pressure on the rhino republicans and blast them for the way they voted .
the confederate flag should have stayed where it was and put to a ballot for the citizens of south carolina to vote on and decide what should be done and not the likes of al sharpton , the black panthers , the nan , etc .
also , just think of all who has been slaughtered in the name of the us flag ( indians ) .
senator mccain won &apos;t you please do everyone a favor and go back to arizona .
we need aid here ! ! ! ! ! ! !
he did not have them at this time when he was at the un .
they are on a mission coordinated by their ring leader in south dakota .
osama obama has gone beyond his authority 2 years ago !
i can not believe that today is tuesday before we default and you are still attempting to keep the government closed .
he seems to think that all the public will fall for his plan but most of us see right through it
happy thanksgiving mr trey gowdy !
its all part of his master plan to make us a socialist country .
steve , cynthia lummis and john barrasso aren &apos;t any better .
impeach ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
again -- for all the great constitutional patriots here : the u.s. constitution does not permit the recall of federal elected officials .
it is only a hope mia , that our leaders hear the words of the people .
how about no tax and go back to import tax ...
if it comes true , the irs could fire thousand of thousand of tax dollar sucking employees and inject them into the real economy !
you kicked the can down the road to protect obama and the democrats .
you should &apos;ve voted no to devos .
plus -- the cuban army owns the hotels so obviously all the money paid to them goes to castro .
well , we no longer want you for congressman , and will vote to change this .
it &apos;s time to ride into the sunset with the rest of the no do nothing republicans in congress .
why can &apos;t the people stop him he is letting isis get away with murder while he is talking crazy crap
well if we have a good representative from the republican party , we can win , but since you guys choose to backup a hittler clown we won &apos;t be able to get to the white house in years 😕 😠 😬
please work on getting the republican party to cooperate with each other and never pass up the opportunity to point out the untruths being fed out to the americans by the democrats and the liberal media !
rand paul has shown guts like no other politician ......
john kerry is an idiot !
the affidavit mike zullo presented to the alabama supreme court this past month contains enough evidence to remove this president from office .
betsy devos is not qualified .
as lynn says , we don &apos;t have a revenue problem , we have a spending problem .
god bless you for bringing what the people want to government .
he needs to go away before next january .
like obama is going to do anything ! ! ! ! !
sorry , sir , i don &apos;t beleive it for one second !
prayers sent for senator scott and his family .
it &apos;s my belief that our republic should adhere to constitutional rule of law .
it &apos;s time to vote all you incompetent congressmen out of office and senators also ! !
keep up the good work , tim scott !
but i do agree about medicare , it is socialist as well .
then they might take a little time and actually pass a budget , maybe even a balanced one .
most un-transparent administration in history - bar none !
boehner should be history !
traitor obama doesn &apos;t care about this country .
keep up the fight and we will continue to pray for you .
i &apos;ve taught for thirty years and i &apos;ve never lied to my students the was mr. romney lied to the american people tonight .
it was okay for obama to be traipsing around cuba for his photo op .
listen to the people that elected you and vote no ! ! !
mr. rammell &apos;s remarks have not only brought criticism on him , but - in the nature of partisan politics - anyone who is even remotely affiliated with any idea he may ever have espoused .
you have lost my vote and the vote of my entire family .... you are a failure .
i know he was in nwa for a town hall meeting .
to all those who follow senator john thune , let &apos;s spread the word and let those liberal democrats who are &apos; yes mr president what can i do for you , instead of saying , what can i do for the american people who send me to congress &apos; .
senator moran , across the political spectrum parents and educators fear the appointment of the supremely unqualified betsy devos .
sales on the internet should not be taxed
do not reelect boehner for speaker .
this is why my vote for president this year is trey gowdy ! ! ! !
you voted no , but there will still be a debt increase .
perhaps we the people just don &apos;t matter to them , or that our opinion &apos;s just doesn &apos;t matter to them or it just dose not fit into there grand scheme for this nation !
simple answer , no !
i am tired of the politicians talking about illegal immigration but they do nothing about it .
&quot; terence , it is a fact that revenues were higher under reagan when the taxes were lower . &quot;
obama has a working relationship with the muslim brotherhood and qatar , saudi arabia , turkey .
vote gary johnson 2012 , so we can have rand paul 2016 !
ben sasse should stop and think and realize that trump does not intend to make any changes alone .
spoken like the pussy you are ryan !
a little late don &apos;t you think ?
john w as far as i know those people that descended on the capitol to get higher taxes did not write their own check to the treasury .
arriba marco gue .
however , it is better than my friend in tn ( and in a similar business ) .
we need the votes to stop the veto now !
only twice in our history has the constitution been read on the house floor , boehner &apos;s house .
if he had said no , the hawk republicans would be puffing up on the other side .
although liberty candidates are unfortunately currently in the minority within the gop .
i heard a former treasury sec say that it is already a law that the interest on the debt be paid 1st no matter what and that this country takes in enough funds every month to pay that interest payment .
congressman king says we can not vet the refugees .
i believe we already know the outcome of any straight up / down vote in the senate concerning planned parenthood and obamacare .
colon powell had more proof than mccain , graham , kerry and obama combined .... and he was still wrong .
he should veto it .
obama is intent on destroying america !
congressman poliquin , please point out to both d. and r. parties that mrs. clinton jeoparadized our national security by not having a secure ( .gov ) email address .
thx joni , if you ever see rubio tell him for us that he is a loser for not showing up .
obama has to compromise - do not raise taxes regardless of what he wants to call them .
get out the vote and vote obama out of office !
i wouldn &apos;t vote for emily cain if she was the only one running ...
&quot; over the course of his presidential bid , sen. marco rubio called donald trump a &quot; con man &quot; who was &quot; dangerous &quot; and unqualified to control the nation &apos;s nuclear codes .
i hold obama accountable .
when we have elected representatives like you , we might as well throw the constitution out the window and bow down before the president as king .
as long as we have american citizens in need , all foreign should be stopped .
i agree with you either a flat tax or a sales tax to make it fair to all .
please get that arrogant commissioner &amp; wipe that smirk from his face .
merry christmas to you and your family , tim !
praying for this family &amp; the loss of this precious little boy to this senseless tragedy .
obama has no respect for the constitution of the united states .
seriously , reconsider your position .
of the irs , all their supervisors and managers should be arrested immediately for treason .
speak loudly , mr .
you are a positive example of leadership , ted poe .
mr constitutional scholar .
dear friend rand paul ... tell the other side of it , please .
you also need to support the senate regarding this &quot; deal &quot; as a treaty .
regardless if it passed the house and the senate ... there are not the votes to override a veto .
and why the hell don &apos;t you guys impeach the impostor in chief ?
show them what mit graduates from kentucky can do !
no bush was agood president cant say the same for obama .
most notably , it &apos;s kept on servers which have no internet connection in order that it not be hacked or taken from those servers .
jerry moran , our propping up of an apartheid regime in israel is unconscionable .
when paul is president he will be the worst , next to bush , schrub
we are rooting for you mr. paul .
speaker boehner was not the only option .
defend our rights and our ability to choose ... that &apos;s all i ask for government
a veto can be over ridden .
if you &apos;re serious about creating good-paying jobs in the us and protecting consumers and families , please support hr 2366 , the online poker act .
a little late to the game mr. speaker !
one of them in southeastern oklahoma .
standing with rand .... he is the only candidate who is not apart of the elites new world order agenda ...
you should be ashamed about rebuking dr. carson for his comments , so far we still have free speech in this country ! !
well sir , here &apos;s to hoping arizona has been jarred awake and votes your rino butt out of office .
yes rand i will sign a class action law suit against our government taking our 4th amendment rights away by using our phone records and internet records with out probable cause !
sc loves trey gowdy !
close our borders.we kno they r on us soil
at least we agree he is a total buffoon .
graham was correct .
elise check with your constituents to know how they want you to vote
no american lives , no american dollars for israel .
senator paul i think you are doing an excellent job and that is why kentucians sent you there .
i wish all republicans would now turn their criticism toward obama .
carson and fiorina
i would expect this of rubio , but not you tim scott .
what is a big deal is the slow erosion of our liberty .
tom mcclintock , stop lying to your constituants .
as one of your constituents , i am sorely disappointed by the lack of decency and leadership shown by our georgia senators .
maybe we should just get rid of the word , no one is using it !
the number 1 job of the president is to protect , preserve and defend the constitution of the united states .
when is the next town hall meeting near okc ?
obama is just happy he got to release 5 terrorists .
praise god for releasing these men !
vote trey gowdy as speaker of the house .
joe white and tim rice sold us out .
don &apos;t expect comrade eric holder to be very forthcoming !
you all better listen up cuz we the people are &quot; done &quot; with this $ hit ! !
congress must act to slap obama down hard .
if you can &apos;t impeach hillary or convict her , let this go and tell ryan to do the same .
people are listening now sir !
what is congress going to do to fix it , immediate impeachment of comey , and lynch would be a good start , but the congress does not have the backbone .
devos isn &apos;t qualified to run a one room school house .
ryan is not a fiscal conservative or truly for limited government
unfortunately all of the rigs have been removed from south texas and already the local economy has been impacted .
great job tom and team !
&#91; voting for cloture is a vote to fund &#93; .
couldn &apos;t make it tonight i lost my mo … anyhow yall don &apos;t need us old guys ... hangin round the night life aint no good life … .
if they are here illegally , arrest them then deport them ! !
that &apos;s funny lynn , i thought it was paul ryan and your fellow republicans .
defender of the constitution and the bill of rights .
sounds like rubio understands that and is willing to make it that way .
marcus gully nailed it , but more specifically , much less government such as obamacare repeal , movement towards a flat-tax , welfare reform ( shoot for 20 % as opposed to 40 % + ) , permanently defund planned parenthood !
no isn &apos;t a plan !
i listened to speaker ryan yesterday make excuses for this spending bill .
no -you don &apos;t get to watch as the senate held up a nominee for over 8 months and then speak about timely fashion .
preserve for me the liberty the constitution gives me .
lets default now and get it over with instead of kicking the can down the road which will lead to a much harsher default later .
i thank the lord for men like you .
where does he stand on deficit spending ?
if you repeal it all the democrats will say you are against the few things that are actually worth keeping .
you bet he is .... and you better stop hanging around with lindsey .
i think all you guys need to shut up bragging about what you &apos;ve done or what you &apos;re gonna do ..... and do it !
senator scott , i voted for you but with due respect the flag has come down because of hate and bigots that can not see pass your nose .
our children deserve better than betsy devos !
lets see if romney / ryan can do any better and fix our nation in 4 yrs if not vote them out just like they want obama out
conservative voice ?
you are out of sc .
i am defriending you because you are nothing but a rino ! !
it violates christian rights and beliefs .
glad boehner made speaker !
endorsing romney did not change the man that rand is , what he believes in , or how he votes .
then when the lights go out in dc the president and his cronies would wake up .
cathy mcmorris rodgers , it is happening on your watch when you could do something about it .
paul ryan is a dream republican for the democrat party .
he wants to cut taxes to hard working americans and wants a health care system that actually provides health care .
so is snowden able to come back to the us and live his life as a free man ?
i own padded horses and flat shod trail horses , and i love them all ! ! !
after what senator mccain has given his country , shame on anyone who questions his loyalty .
thanks , tim scott for your vote !
i support sen. graham .
the same for you senator scott , and god bless you !
to make it even worse , good portion of conservatives stayed home in 2006,2008. the real question is will this change ?
we must get back to the morals and values that our u.s. constitution was written on .
reason enough to appreciate our president securing our borders .
they have an unending contempt for the american people .
you sir , are proving yourself to be a fool , with no discernible ability to understand foreign policy decisions in our nation &apos;s history .
just dont ote for anything unconstitutional , stop the illegal wars , and stand up for liberty like your father and america will love you
this is still predominately a christian country .
no candidate can change it .
i bet the people on here that are attacking a great american never served our country .
rand paul you are so right.they want to raise taxes to pay the union back.obama want to go over the cliff.we need to pray for our country
mia , never forget where you cme from .
most federal land should be put up for auction .
this victory means nothing if you , the republicans , don &apos;t start governing as the constitutional conservatives many of you claim to be .
knowing and actively denying aide to known units under threat is treason !
repeal this garbage now before it destroys america .
and how they spend every cent of our tax money
i am not from sc but i am so glad to be following you on fb ... keep up the example you set for.other politicians .
on june 11 , 2015 , the senate appropriations committee marked up the commerce , justice , science , and related agencies appropriations act for fiscal year 2016 ( h.r.
some knew blood like reagan was .
senator mccain , i would so happily have voted for you if you hadn &apos;t run with what &apos;s her face .
not until we the people figure it out and take back our constutional control , will we be allowed to be a free nation again !
need to check this out mia http : / / www.allenbwest.com / allen / ouch-obamas-progressive-fascism-just-took-one-in-the-shorts
is is not ridiculous that marco rubio wants &quot; border security triggers &quot; ?
we do have a spending problem we have over 30 military bases in germany , why can &apos;t we reduce that to 5 ?
graham , just go out and just smoke about 6 or 7 grams !
thank god for mia .
i have nothing but contempt for rinos who jump on the bandwagon .
why are you endorsing rino marco rubio for president ?
resolution authority is the opposite of tbtf , so i dont get your rhetoric .
obama is muslim and it &apos;s jihad , bring our troop home .
or did jesus say that those who don &apos;t believe in him ( jesus ) are going to hell ?
we all know mccain was in hillary camp
i am so disappointed by the republican party and donald trump
you guys going to stand up to this tyranny or what ?
i disagree with leaks concerning private healthcare discussions from the republican retreat that are portrayed as division within the party .
abraham lincoln ( thank god he was a repulican ) then george bush 1 &amp; 2 .
hopefully he will nominate ted cruz for supreme court justice .
too many republicans are not conservatives .
my sincere thanks goes to president obama and his administration for blatantly ripping the covers off of liberalism , which liberals in both parties have practiced in stealth mode since the 1800 &apos;s , sucking a lot of conservatives into supporting them on their way to socialism .
mia , talk to trump and run as vp !
ida &apos;s sick to my stomach in 2004 when the irs targeted the naacp and i heard absolutely nothing from people like you on this issue then .
it is passed time for the u. s. congress – senate and house of representatives – regardless of party – to protect american citizens instead of the funding illegals in this country .
obama may have changed sides in the war on terror , the american people have not !
we all respect us people , but mr obama is going to kill civilians and our army , we can not believe that us will support qaeda , syrian soldiers are fighting terrorism to protect syrian and american at the same time .
either way , they are either a circumvention of the constitutional power of congress or they are earning my tax dollars for a cush job .
i have absolutely no confidence in either party to do what &apos;s right or best for our country !
senator graham , you are right .
congress , the president and the supreme court sold the american people out !
its not the same without tim russert
lets not try and sugar cote it now senator .. you voted to remove the flag !
you are a great representative mr .
marsha , i &apos;m really beginning to like you .
the irs states that in 2016 the cost for a family to obtain the obamacare insurance will be $ 20,000.00 .
how do you suppose the government cuts enough money to fix this problem overnight ?
that said , they have the right to life , liberty and happiness , not the right to welfare and free education in the usofa .
good point sir .
why does congress get to be exempt from obama care ?
our president needs to wake up and hear the american people .
the only principled vote is to vote no on devos .
john mccain exposed by vietnam vets and pow &apos;s www.youtube.com &#91; &#91; share &#93; &#93;
i can &apos;t imagine why anyone cannot see what rand paul is trying to do .
stay the course scott .
if obama will come to the table with that intent , he just might make compromise history .
kevin - then the military would have to go back to the draft .
he is a federal employee but he is hired at the grass roots level .
among them are veterans tom cotton and joni ernst , proving unfortunately that military service alone does not a patriot make .
this guy continues to be one of the best politicians in tennessee .
plus we probably need someone to post that video where those kids chase dr paul down in the senate building and then make their best surprise faces when they get yelled at ... yes .
cut congressional pay and salary to avg salary of american homeowner !
god bless the us and keep the loved ones of these men in their prayers
defund the unelected abc agencies under the office of the president .
there &apos;s no reason to think obama and the administration are not working for their swift release .
we need to be fight our over reaching , over powering government , too big socialist government coup here ! !
you , sir , have made it abundantly clear in recent months that you have abandoned your conservative roots , become a mccain puppet .
obama is going to ruin our great nation
our president seems think he can do what ever he was too ! !
the gop plan is to leave millions without health care including tens of thousands in south carolina
nation needs to be on the dave ramsey envelope system !
our government departments are inefficient to the point that we are 19 trillion past common sense .
my prayers for your comfort and peace ...
no clause in the constitution could by any rule of construction be conceived to give to congress a power to disarm the people .
james , you aren &apos;t my rep ( your district is literally across the street from me ) but i am thankful you are willing to speak the truth .
if the congress hadn &apos;t compromised so much to pass the affordable care act then it would probably be a better law .
the liberal states of america and the conservative states of america .
costs are down on ins .
our president is so wrong , he needs to enforce the laws in existence as should all in office .
ndaa also eroded our 4th amendment .
marco rubio speaks commun sence .
mr. mccain , are you happy with what people post ?
forget working with him -- impeach him !
better yet , get rid of corporate welfare and the constitution has nothing to do with unemployment
i &apos;m done with these establishment republican bums .
stop obama period , he is destroying our country , what the hells wrong with you people !
praying for successful surgery and recovery , dr .
we need a southern nationalist party and boehner is helping us develop one .
yes they should be held responsible , americans lost there lives protecting others .
the u.s. constitution 2nd amendment is not under threat .
there was a cow tax at one time being introduced to cut down on methane produced by cows farting .
their flags are modeled after this flag you hate so much .
we are ashamed of our government and that is why we don &apos;t believe a word they say ! ! ! !
i believe in you sir
the house holds the purse strings .
we must change ths and stop the left from denigrating every person of color who runs on a conservative platform .
where was this concern when you had a republican president doing the same thing !
most importantly , the media would have let obama get away with refusing to debate .
mia for speaker ! !
i pray everyday for an awakening in america .
you are a true patriot and we need you in 2016
it is very frustrating hearing everything this administration gets away with .
give a solution to working with congress to clean up obamas mess .
just when is congress going to do something about this man ? ? ! ! !
mr . 44 % , what are you doing about it ?
washington , dc needs to be swept clean of all these people .
i completely agree sir and if you weren &apos;t a politician i might actually believe that you meant it ...
the administration refuses to cut those because they never want a balanced budget and by cutting in areas that hurt americans more directly they feel that public opinion will sway toward the notion that we cant afford to cut anything .
now either abolish it or defund it while you still have the power of the purse .
it is time for our government to step up and guaed our borders !
holder is the most corrupt ag ever and their agenda is an evil one .
no we once were but that exceptionalism is being squashed by the socialist in government , media , etc .
stick a fork in the gop- you have made sure we will never see another republican president again .....
just heard senator moran on fox news .
he will fight for our issues he is a good representative .. he was district for first and they split it and he moved now we have diane black .. so help us out here ...
is there a such thing as christian anger , well ask jesus about what he did in his time about the fed reserve bank ! !
i can give you a few : arming the enemy , going to war without the approval of congress ( libya and syria ) , violating the constitution ( on multiple occasions ) .
hillary 2016. rand paul -what a clown .
i qualify more as a third party candidate .
wow guys the republican party is a complete sham , there are very few republicans left , christie is a now nut and in with the banker elite that is trying to enslave us , he is no good and is a closet liberal
your vote for devos lost you my vote for you .
i wish the our nation &apos;s leaders had the conviction and courage our founding fathers did .
round up the texas &amp; other republicans and do something !
a lot of what gop congress did was bad during bushes era , that is why tea party arose , it did so against gop not obama at first .
yes susanne our country has never bn in this state of hate since this muzzie has bn in our wh
he needs a vacation from government .
it &apos;s just goes to show that the american people still think that the government has any real power .
kerry is a spineless traitor .
ashamed of you ryan .
and , sir , senator lamar alexander has cosponsored the &quot; ensuring pay to our military act &quot; as well as senator bob corker .
love you rand ! !
tom mcclintock , that is too common sense for california .
socialist theories aren &apos;t even as plausible as some of the other ones that have already fallen by the wayside long ago .
i &apos;m praying for our nation if this thing passes .
merry christmas and god &apos;s blessings for your family .
we need more people like you and rep joe wilson from sc to watch out for us .
paul ryan , where the devil were you during the campagin ?
well said brother !
i completely agree with your stance on the irs involvement with obamacare .
shipping 10,000 muzzies into this country is treason , no women or children , only grown men america is being invaded an congress has done nothing to protect the people of the united states
but to suggest it as a national policy is faulty , and , as i have stated , directly against libertarian party ideals .
the people in cuba are still oppressed .
you cannot forget that congress is borrowing the money that you all see fit to give away and we outside of washington pay the bill .
please , stop supporting this partial govt shutdown .
do a little research on the uintah basin in utah and pinedale area .
i hope he brings you on board
deny ... and lets face it - there are no republicans plans to repeal it .
it is time to admit that marco rubio is a lying traitor well suited to represent the unamerican ignorant bigoted traitors in the state of florida .
the muslim brotherhood is very good at media manipulation .
i suppose the american flag fought the oppression of slavery , or of segregation for the past 238 years ?
god bless you and your family , sc and the united states of america .
john barrasso i keep seeing these posts about being on this show on fox and asking us all to watch .
obama is not a socialist .
even worse is congress has not done anything to get him out of our white house .
lamar alexander started the downward spiral of education as governor and secretary of education .
i hope the rumor that obama will nominate holder for a sc justice is wrong .
did you vote for treasonous paul ryan ? ? ? ? ?
as someone who voted for tim scott , but does not pull the party line hammer when voting because our country actually needs the sensibilities of both parties , everyone needs to r-e-l-a-x .
how long is mccain going to use his service in the military when he does little to help the military &apos;s wounded vets
time to get this administration under control and do the job we voted you in for .
he is leaving the 2nd amendment alone .
trent franks is a good man , but in these troubled times i hope he chooses by his conscience rather than corporations / pacs that use our politicians like tools - i.e.
liar and a traitor .
yes sir i do have a question .
we do have a spending problem .
no , no , no , why is he not impeached yet ?
no replacement for aca .
it won &apos;t stop here , tim , that is the problem .
please can &apos;t we get him impeached ?
the veto was a claim that congress was trying to skirt the &quot; normal &quot; executive review process .
he wants the illegals to have those jobs .
john mccain is a disgrace to this country and a disgrace to the uniform he once wore .
i think that conservatives may have overplayed their hand on this one .
let &apos;s not forget pelosi , reid and obama &apos;s other accomplices helping him with his agenda .
christie is a mean spirited man and is often shows a more worldly disposition rather than a humble christlike one .
no tax increases , reduce the deficit , cut out a lot of government red tape and reduce the size of most government agencies because of so much over-lap and duplication of services / job descriptions / irrelevance to today &apos;s society ..
absolutely it did .
1315 - senate has taken no action to date h.r.
we should abolish the irs and go to a flat tax or at least a simpler code .
president obama &apos;s goal is shut down the coal industry .
why can &apos;t you guys do something about him ?
u. s. goverment
lastly , i believe that it is time to bring accountability back to government , impeachment proceedings should be started immediately for this entire administration and all appointees including judges .
yeah , he &apos;s had his hands full cleaning after this mess the bush left , do you remember the reason why we got in this mess ?
continuing to pray - god bless you !
and yes , join rand paul in the filibuster .
stand firm against funding obamacare .
she has no qualifications and she will ruin our public school system with vouchers .
it is our enemy !
it makes sense that a senator from oklahoma is his friend .
vote no on cloture .... thanks for standing up for the american people .
i was just coming to ask you to help us defund planned parenthood .
it &apos;s not even the same bill it was in 2010. it &apos;s whatever obama and reid want it to be ....
i don &apos;t wan &apos;t socialized medical care in america .
chris christie is known in six eastern states , and that &apos;s it .
keep fight rand paul i stand behind you and liberty ; the constitution
ok vern , when are you &quot; guys &quot; going to take obama down ?
praying for wisdom and strength and courage ... and comfort in the knowledge that the lord &apos;s plans and thoughts and ways are so much different from ours .
go to see you finally got on board , better late than never !
to bad you didn &apos;t listen to the thousands of teachers and constituents who asked you to vote no on devos !
anyone who has a clue knows you are our man in washington
may it be a great year mr. scott .
really rubio which side are u on
we could &apos;ve used you a months ago mr.ryan.what i don &apos;t understand , is how the clintons have been getting away with this for so long , they all need to be locked up , you guys owe it to the american people.trump 2016 !
i swear our federal government has lost their minds
lee- how about a real background check on obama - lol
this conservative republican cannot agree with that vote .
get in there and support ted cruz and mike lee !
though a marylander myself , i feel you help support me and many other americans living outside south carolina in the great country of usa .
( alinsky ) also , fidel is dead and has been since his brother took over .
obama does not like this country .
wait , isn &apos;t the debt cieling limit being increased to pay the debt that you already have incurred ... yes , sen. hatch ... this is money that washington has already spent .... do you think that i could get away with not paying my debt ... nope ! ! !
my heart goes out to the families of the emanuel 9 and our charleston showed love and humility .
get your buddies , mr. mccain , and stand up to this monster , before it &apos;s too late .
how are you voting , congressman dave reichert ?
let them stay in their own countries and fix them .
unfortunatly the congress will not impeach the president because they have seen what will happen when that is done .
impeach him already - would you ? !
revise and repair obamacare .
how sad , for everyone of us , praying for the usa .
curious georgia voter .
rep. womack , 17 republicans are needed to pass a clean cr .
this better suits the u.s. liberal establishment now being run by president obama and his cronies .
face it , obama is the worst ever !
2. replace it with what ?
don &apos;t you see obama is doing this .
renew the james zadroga 9 / 11 health and compensation act , mitch !
rand paul / justin amash 2016 !
keep doing what you do best and we will keep praying for you .
finally some common sense from the gop
and i believe that our so called commander in chief needs to be put on the front lines in front of our military .
it is up to our state to protect us from the federal government .
and also that after it is over they do not receive back pay either !
ask a republican what the top 5 issues are and you might get this answer : • smaller government , lower taxes , and less regulation .
mia love for president ! ! ! !
i think our founding fathers set us on the right course .
getting rid of obamacare should be first priority .
don is correct , barry just subverted these agencies along with the irs and nsa to serve his agenda .
bush , paul and kasich can just drop out
congress needs to be responsible and pay the bill they have already incurred !
quote from &quot; fall of the republic &quot; , &quot; barrack obama is a puppet of the n w o brought in to deliberately collapse the american economy and usher in u.n. global governance . &quot;
god bless you and all others who went through that
obama is doing this to get even .
lets fix our own nation before providing more aid to foreign nations !
didn &apos;t like it then don &apos;t like it now plane and simple government need to stay the hell out of the peoples personal business
he just basically apologized for our constitutional rights and said he would do his best to curtail them in as painless a manor as possible .
he loves god !
and to you , marco rubio !
we need to secure all borders like israel has .
on every occasion obama favors muslims and nobody has brains enough to impeach him ! ! ! !
then do something gowdy or stfu .
support our president donald j. trump , the republican party , and rep. mulvaney .
obama should have made a poster child out of that gsa guy sitting in a hot tub drinking wine .
you have talked about it , but what about taxes , unemployment , illegal aliens , something , anything .
we need a fair tax or flat tax ... everyone pay equally , even those that receive welfare , gov money !
a joint resolution congress &amp; senate have a bill passed that if you commit a crime with a fire arm you get ten years in federal prison .
b. it isn &apos;t going to make much difference , because c. you could tax them at 100 % and it would be like putting a band-aid on a bleeding out artery .
but , i am in complete agreement that this tax should be eliminated completely .
talk about impeachment too !
but by then it will be too late .
lynne griffin seminole , florida
you should be ashamed of yourself rhino , not proud.i will never vote republican again.you are an embarrassment ...
worst president this country has ever seen .
we owe betsy devos nothing .
needs to go on vacation with the commander in chump
it &apos;s okay ..... you will do what ever paul ryan says in the end .....
cut all of the spending by 1 / 2 in all foriegn countries .
maybe we can go back to leaving no american behind !
spineless rino .
tim , you lost my respect &#91; &#91; photo &#93; &#93;
happy easter to you and your family mr. issa .
senate amendment in january to cut off this aid .
heck mitch .why do you need more money ? ? ? ?
you sir are one of the biggest problems in washington to date .
thank god there are still people like trey gowdy in the house .
let &apos;s see how many of them have the guts to do what they were elected to do .
you &apos;re right on mia ! !
i can not stand obama !
defund it -- both front door and back door -- that means no funding for it , period !
gop house armed services chair exonerates obama , hillary over benghazi
impeachment should be next .
better hurry up and do it ! ! ! !
paul ryan just joined the wagon .
you have forgotten why you went to washington , sir .
is the law king or is obama now the king over our constitution ?
i was a rubio supporter .... but in the light of your relentless efforts to malaign a man who is self-funding his campaign .... &amp; is beholden to you establishment guys for nothing ! -he now has my vote .
ronald reagan , all the bush ones and hopefully rubio will be next ! !
also include abolishing arms foreign aid to all non nato members .
i want to see you standing with cruz .
and when mr congressman are you going to explain your issues with the irs ?
bring him down &amp; out , lindsey graham
give them heck whan they violate our great constitution .
shut the government down , so we can get real cuts to the budget .
maybe the american people will wake up to the obama scheme .
i think the number of non-essential employees that are staying home right now is very much lower than the number of americans who have lost their jobs due to the despicable regulations inherent in obamacare .
mia , why can &apos;t congress impeach him ?
when can we expect the next wave of illegals from the south and middle east and now cuba ?
corp tax rates may soon be highest in the world , hurts business , job creation .
obama and his admin have similar characteristics just without , thank god , the outright violence ..... yet .
you need to gather some of your fiscal conservative hawks , and lead a revolt to replace boehner .
but instead , just like all the other idiots that he has hired , he just keeps moving them around ( kinda like a shell game ) .
apparently he is planning for there to be a lot of voters who can &apos;t balance a checkbook and who have never heard &quot; there ain &apos;t no free lunch &quot; .
all of the politicians who are supposed to represent us in washington need to do their jobs and impeach this imposter who has infiltrated our white house !
or since you &apos;re from a cuban family then maybe you don &apos;t care ?
yet congress has funded enough money for dhs for 35,000 illegal aliens to be detained and they only have detained 32,000 .... so why the rush to let them go if there is still enough money to detain another 3,000 ?
no worry .
i posted on his page letting him know that we didn &apos;t want obamacare here and listed the reasons why !
no way do you bring them here , america will stop that !
your constituents sent you to washington to serve the people , not the establishment politicians !
c. many municipalities and counties do just fine with no local income tax .
america blames congress for letting reprobate obama get by with all his evil illegal activities including all the vacations on tax payers dollars .
trying to start a campaign to oust elected officials who voted to approve using nc beach nourishment funds to dredge inlets with no plans to put the sand back on the beaches .
if obama closes the government so be it .
cause he &apos;s conservative cuban-american ... like me ! !
robert , you are my new hero
boehner needs to quit cosying up to obama !
less talk and more voting on a fair or flat tax , put it on obama &apos;s desk and let him veto .
you did bring back snowden from your recent trip to your motherland didn &apos;t you ?
i would ask that congress please keep an eye on obama and what he does .
@ larry--and senator isakson has voted against the unemployed repeatedly .
the people are with you 100 % rand .
i certainly hope you recant your unsolicited ill-gotten and uninformed remarks about senator paul .
he needs to fix it or get out , and put someone in office that can ! ! ! !
i &apos;m a day late but god bless you and your family .
you are supposed to represent me , mr. paul but you do not represent your people , whether they believe it or not .
the 19 firefighters suffering is gone they are now with their lord and savior smiling and chilling with the big man upstairs laughing rejoicing true heroes everyones knows it r.i.p ill see you guys in about 60 years if god allows they are in the fathers arms now
no amnesty ever .
spot on mia
little late to the party aren &apos;t you paul
your record shows you are a straddle-the-fence liberal ( you only look conservative next to the socialists that claim to be democrats ) .
stop sending aid over there
sick old fool needs to be lock up .
dont give up the fight mia .
there is o difference between someone taking my money at gunpoint to do what they want with it .
ronald reagan definitely !
rand i am giving you another chance , and see great potential , but allowing the government or even military to arrest people is becoming a bit contradiction to the stances of liberty .
didn &apos;t you support mcconnell &apos;s re-election instead of backing his republican challenger ?
yes ... are more people going to be dependent having government subsidize families that were paying healthcare insurance and now can &apos;t because of the ins companies raising prices before obamacare takes full effect ? ? ?
right back at you tim .
10s of 1,000s have already arrived here ! !
no conservative is going to clap for this failure of a president .
ipy24 / 7 john mccain
i &apos;m praying for you as we &apos;ll .
our maine senators are taking a firm stand .
president obama can only use executive power when congress refuses to do nothing .
at least one congressman is worth listening to .
2. i would like to know if you are tying your comments about defunding the aca to a government shutdown , since your have not come out and stated that position .
the facts has been to long coming , i pray we get them before it &apos;s to late like everything else this group of mongurals in this administration has gotten away with .
hey tom you point out the glaringly obvious issues .... now do something about it .
&quot; now if any of you lacks wisdom , he should ask god who gives to all generously ... &quot; james 1 : 5 keep up the good work james lankford .
you are so right mia love
if you don &apos;t , the republican party is dead .
the house is the one holding our country hostage and i will remember it next time i cast my vote .
but why did we let outsiders coming in and stir the flag issue up when sc should be mourning the passing of these 9 good souls ?
apparently , we have not been watching the same confirmation hearings and i would like your honest assessment of what makes betsy devos qualified to lead the dept .
our country is telling us if we don &apos;t agree we are wrong .
he hates america and slaps the general populous and our military at every turn of the wheel .
that he does not love america and he wants us to be dependent on other country &apos;s !
amen mia , thankyou for all your hard work
ms. devos doesn &apos;t appear to have any knowledge of how the dept .
i don &apos;t like it , obama bin laden at it again the never ending story with him , he &apos;s a communist ! !
idaho needs a new senator .
mr gowdy we will all be dead before you come up with anything that is our government , all we get is lip service .
little too late there ryan
note that constitution comes before everything else .
as everyone knows ebola has arrived in the usa right now we have 1 case however even the cdc says there will be more .
please stop obamacare ! ! !
please , i know you already know this but please read this : to impeach would also accomplish this : every piece of legislation he &apos;s signed into law would remain on the books .
praying for all affected by this tornado !
i think what people want and what he wants are two differents things .
jason chaffetz i am disappointed that you just threw away the opportunity to support the candidate that the republican people have chosen .
congrats bob .
voted on cloture , lost my vote .
your first name should be cave because that &apos;s all you ever do .
beautifully said , trey gowdy !
greg is incorrect should his falsehoods be tolerated merely because he is a man of the cloth ?
how about the feds getting out of the education business .
stick to your principles scott.do not waiver and god bless .
ron paul abstained .
nice job today thune - boxer is worthless
i pray that it is our country and that you will help prevent any amnesty bill from coming to the floor until our borders are completely secure .
yes terrible what happened in charleston .
the emails are a plain simple ignoring us protocol purposely .
keep up the good work mr. gowdy , we really need it .
merry christmas , senator mccain .
vivien was indoctrinated many yrs ago scott , and continues to drink the koolaid daily ...
but yes , as michael said rand paul ftw !
the officer who was made to detain the senator must have pulled the short straw .... this is ridiculous ... maybe rand should have hitched a ride with harry reid or one of his liberal gang !
anti-constitution us prez ... go rand paul !
you will not win s.c. for president .
praying that god &apos;s love will lift your sorrow
so we just let the potus do what he wants ( yes i already knew it is the way washington does things these days ) ? ! ? !
to little to late from you
because eddie , if they increase the debit ceiling bo is only going to blow through that money on more of his foolish mysterious goals .
for years , many republicans have been dissatisfied with the gop choices and platform , and yet , as adults , we understood that a vote for a third party candidate would take a vote away from the gop candidate .
that &apos;s one small step for mankind , one giant leap for rand .
if you want to support someone who will work to repeal obamacare , please donate to my campaign here : https : / / mialove.nationbuilder.com / repeal
but killing obamacare because it has his name is bad karma because a lot of us are aware that this idea came from a republican think tank then put into action by romney .
you broke from us patrick , wont give you another chance
you are a true patriot and i am still so very proud of you and what you continue to do for america .
why don &apos;t we tell that long time rino what we think about him ?
nothing ever gets done because harry reid and the senate won &apos;t even discuss any bills from the house .
you won &apos;t back our republican nominee ! ! !
and for the head of dhs to say the border is safe and secure while putting up signs that say if you are within 60 miles of the border , they can not protect you is ludicrous .
i have no threat to any government official just calling you a guy wuth a jaded worth that will and has no interest to our country only guys trying to 1 up
well , perhaps you are the one who should have stood up and convinced boner to do something about the executive over reach .
but he did expose one of our bad guys -hrc - he did not write the emails that he exposed .
thanks for nothing soft paul .
while y &apos;all are there defend the un also
&quot; the u.s. constitution guarantees the &apos; right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed , &apos; &quot; our founding fathers roll in their graves every time someone proclaims that .
the &quot; stimulus &quot; this administration thought would help has only put our country into more debt and citizens aren &apos;t spending .
for many many years republicans have supported whoever the establishment put up for nomination .
please stand with lee , cruz , and rubio !
so sick of our politicians disappearing on us when they say they will support the american people .
i am so pissed at both you and cornyn .
and by the way , obama is not on the &quot; campaign &quot; trail .
just a common job or small business in the south why would they want to get up and try after reading your post .
congress needs to listen .
john mccain he is represent as a member of republican party keep speak up and do something effective and fast to stop him before he destroy the country you love
i &apos;m not sure you were doing your job as a representative of south carolina to begin with .
senator thune , we have our tea bags and the democrates just drank the jonestown kool-aid and committed mass polictical suicide come november 2nd .
thanks tim scott for caring .
it &apos;s a waste of time , obama is an enemy that must stand trial for treason !
why can &apos;t our republicans find a better plan ?
deb , i hope you and mike johanns are making it clear to dhs that we do not want their busloads of illegal immigrants sent here to nebraska .
praying for you and your family capt
he &apos;s been sitting on the sidelines since he took office 6 yrs ago and it is patently obvious that congress is going to do nothing about it .
it won &apos;t create long term jobs , it won &apos;t increase our oil production or reserves , it won &apos;t even be built with american materials .
let &apos;s work on repealing obama .
god bless you marsha ... keep fighting the horrible ocare in jesus name amen
excellent idea and strategy -- defund all things obamacare and keep hope alive that this abomination can be repealed .
he may have considerations but he sure as heck works for the people of oklahoma and i might add , many others from around this country .
this country has got to get behind ron paul judge for vp
akso disappointed with ryan we know where he us being screwed
i thought you was a true conservative .
a little to late paul ! !
you and senators marco rubio and ted cruz are the true new patriots of your generation ( s ) .
trey gowdy rocks .
you will let usdown again if you vote for boehner .
senator mccain we need your full maverick support to rid us of this baffled king .
martha roby is the best representative we had in many years .. keep up the great work
boehner was a big liar , and it is time to rid d.c. of all the liars .
i would also recommend that you listen to your georgia constituents .
sen rubio we need to go to syria and iraq and destroy isis now before they come to america .
he was punished and the instructors arranged a flag burning .
that if you don &apos;t vote for the republican , or vote third party , then it &apos;s a vote for the democrat ?
betsy devos is not the best option for our children .
@ nancy for there to be a truly fair tax rate 47 % of the us population would experience a tax increase since they pay nothing at all .
we have already been through this , the flag is about heritage , not hate , it needs to stay .
he is a good conservative for us in washington , among few !
then why , isn &apos;t someone in d.c. doing something about it i am getting tired of all this rhetoric if we are going to do something then do it if not stop talking about in the famous words of &quot; tallhassee &quot; &quot; it &apos;s time to nut up or shut up &quot; ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! &quot;
so how many hours of debate was actually about your opposition to raising the debt ceiling by 9 trillion dollars .
give him courage to face the enemy who will come after him and his family on every front as he stands for you .
and when you impeach this clown , you have to get rid of his assistant as well !
marco our next president !
no doubt he also hates the us military which has saved his skin from the marxism he loves so much .
ashamed of you ! ! ! ! ! !
ron paul 2012 , the only one not scared , and knows the truth !
mr tillis , from reading many of the facebook post to your page , you are not on such solid ground and certainly not in a position to endorse anyone for the potus .
send a clean bill to the senate and let people go back to work .
he has no more honor than obama .
betsy devos has no clue what it means to be a public school educator or student .
they are not exempt , they have insurance provided by their employer and should be allowed to keep it just like everybody else in this country .
since everybody on facebook , me first , is a scum bag in the eyes of god the almighty , then you ray consider that the point mr. paul has just made is not only a big problem , but its a dangerous one .
this president doesn &apos;t know the meaning of compromise .
term limits for all congressmen &amp; senators .
a little too late for this statement ! !
by making a point of backing scalise in the middle of this mess , so now is the speaker himself in trouble .
y &apos;all need to put a stop to this crap before its to late
now or never , abuse is not going to stop , corruption is not going to stop until man doe &apos;s what the lord god said he would let man do , you know what that was ? ? ?
well .... this president will continue to give the finger to the american people and the constitution until the u.s. congress steps up to the plate and holds him accountable .
you &apos;re right , mr. buchanan .
let &apos;s get the fair tax passed and repeal the 16th amentment .
almost everybody is opposed to amnesty congressman , including of course president obama .
and the other oklahoma career politicians i &apos;m getting sick and tired ! !
we pray for you to show kindness and love to our nation today .
mccain is a disgrace to america ! !
johnny , you still wonder why i carry a gun ?
may god give you boldness and strength to share the truth !
we voted you &apos;all into office and what have you done to curb what obama is doing to this country ( nothing ) .
file charges or please shut up .
vote no on cloture and defund obamacare !
uh-oh , lynn .
i agree with you but i have to say if people are stupid enough to think that a scheme like this could be pulled off - they deserve the disappointment .
i also think we should put god back in charge of running this country !
tim scott god is using you !
you &apos;re sounding a little squishy on this issue mr. rice .
bet ya he paid the people to clap at his every word.ron paul 2012
senator scott please pass this agenda on to the floor and try again .
tom , i agree whole heartedly , our enemies think we are soft , because lately we have been letting them walk all over us .
coal needs to be phased out anyway .
should you choose to seek re-election please know that i will do everything in my power to campaign for whomever is running against you and your fellow senator thom tillis - you both have brought disgrace to term elected official as you do not represent your constituents .
you would have made such a great president sen. mccain .
you do realize this faux &quot; hacking &quot; helped the republican party right ?
god bless america , land that i love .
passing any bill that doesn &apos;t defund the aca is a mistake .
he &apos;s got to go i say impeach for the abuse of power of the irs ask the pediatric neuro surgeon from j.hopkins who got audited
much love from arkansas and keep up the good work for the citizens of your state and for the citizens of this country , rand paul ! !
please tom , what are your solutions and are you putting them into action with other like minded representatives ?
i pray this congress doesn &apos;t do this !
graham hands down won the first debate .
please nominate ron paul for speaker of the house tomorrow , let &apos;s make this a great 2013 for liberty .
lol @ implying that pro-life is a good position .
another generation needs statesmen like dr. paul , i hope rand can live up to the foundation his father has placed .
what have we done to our forefathers and doing to our children and future generations .
how about slipping impeachment into everything til it goes through
local government will keep us going until we purge the rotten apples out of the white house .
do i hear impeachment ?
i like you lee zeldin and you &apos;ll always have my vote .
forcing people to get a program they can &apos;t afford then giving them money to afford it , but wait , let &apos;s tax them on it as well .
strange ... i thought you were a patriot .
ask boehner wth he won &apos;t meet with russia !
he has the right to say whatever he wants to them due to the first amendment .
i guarantee john mccain and his father are patriots to israel and traitors to the us .
in the last year alone , blackburn personally has : … led the floor debate to ban abortion after 20 weeks .
hannity
why aren &apos;t we impeaching him by now ?
no , what we need are senators and congressmen with guts .
so congressman ted yoho what is florida and governor rick scott doing to protect it &apos;s citizens from these refuges coming here and doing harm to us ?
rand paula should sue bosley for finishing up his hair transplant with pubes from his father &apos;s genitals
i don &apos;t trust flake nor mccain anymore .
thanks marco rubio for you comment .
please don &apos;t compromise and stay true like your father .
genesis tells us that god will bless those who bless them and curse those who curse them .
amen bill ... help get rid is these idiots ...
james lankford is a great man .. unlike the terrorist living in the whitehouse .
there are several new congressmen who won &apos;t be going back because they lied
no mr. graham the disaster had already occurred it is called congress .
mia i &apos;m asking mr. trump bring you on as his v.p.
mia love 2020 💜
after asking him al different kinds of way _ would that include ending foreign aid to israel , he finally caved and say maybe not israel then he started to add he would look at some of our strongest other allies ? ?
don &apos;t cave to obama !
you &apos;re a wild man rand !
it is not healthcare it is an insurance plan
if you can make changes that improve american &apos;s healthcare by all means do , but to repeal without offering a solution is not leadership .
it was shoved down our throats by a lame duck congress , after being drafted behind closed doors , after we had been promised it would be on c-span , so everyone could see who was at the table and who was drafting it .
anyway the government needs to stay out of the farming business- they didn &apos;t build them ! !
reading comments , i think most of us are wondering why congress is not doing whatever it takes to stop this communist dictator that is destroying our country !
we have to be weary when dealing with cuba .
we need to get rid of obama and his stupid obamacare !
amen sir
if you want to declare your support of our troops and demand that i respect them as well , then you need to remember that they fought for our freedom .
it is time mr buchanan that we quit complaining about his bad decisions and start doing something about him .
time to secure our borders !
move to a consumption tax .
congress should cut their own pensions and pay before messing with those of the military .
there is no chance to repeal it until next year with the socialists in charge of this congress .
see you in 2020 , marco !
once taken , liberty is usually only won back by civil war and our last civil war cost 600,000 + american lives - more than ww1 + ww2 + korea + viet nam put togeather .
senator collins , you are a role model for maine nd for our nation .
strengthen the military and retract within our boarders and beat them off with a stick if we have to ! ! ! !
so you see our constitution has no protection , even in the highest couts of the land .
you are a huge disappointment to the state of georgia .
praise god for he is good !
the federal government is just an employment agency with the purse strings these days .
shame on you for selling out and voting for devos today .
someone needs to have a little common sense in dc
problem is rand , i don &apos;t see a lot of republicans beating a path to repeal and / or nullify a lot of what the bo administration has done .
that and he &apos;s planted on saying hell to the american people !
isnt that who ya &apos;ll are working for ?
our prayers are definitely with the family .
if he wins by an absolute miracle , it will be no thanks to you and your ilk .
fact is if you &apos;d get off your sorry behind and do what you were elected to do then there would be no need for the president to act without you morons .
also , can you go tell o &apos;bummer to resign .
johnny boy you are a gutless liar .
please , please , stand for constitutional conservative principles .
i am glad someone finally did something about this .. thanks to all who have started this about the aca being unconstitutional due to the fact it is a tax and did not start in the house .
you were voted in because of trust and you can be voted out due to no trust ! !
there are americans and foreign visitors who have planned vacations to come here and are now being told to leave parks and tourist areas because our congress members cannot do their jobs and pass a budget .
please support and take action on hr 2366. the internet poker industry has been kept offshore and unregulated for far too long .
we need our leadership in congress to stop the insanity of obama wanting to make us helpless to defend ourselves .
securing the borders is a mistake !
the &quot; deal &quot; is no deal at all .
as you ( john ) do not have a post about the fact that you voted yes for the current gun control cloture to start an open debate on the currently proposed gun control bills , i have to comment on this unrelated post on your wall .
when are you and other conservatives going to grow a real pair and get rid of the current house leader .
&quot; wallace asked if he was saying that impeachment was on the table .
now stand with lee , cruz , paul .. we need the new way not the old way ! ! ! ! !
class act .. and i &apos;ll be writing in rubio .
obamacare is suppose to fail .... that &apos;s exactly what obama wants ... put the insurances out of business ... along with everything else he is wrecking .... coal mines ( which fuels 45 % of our electricity ... ) and on and on ... can &apos;t you see what he is doing ?
we can &apos;t go without a balanced budget anymore , or pay for obama care .
if our elected officials dont step up to get him outta there , then our military needs too .
right on , that should have been done 20 years ago !
you have done nothing but act as a rubber stamp obstructionist copying everything mitch mcconnell told you to do .
do something about it then !
2. put the zadroga act up for a vote on the senate floor .
i am on your side always bruce poliquin .
vote no on devos , unqualified to lead our children &apos;s future !
is that what we can expect from the republican party or will there be real change in the form of repealing legislation that has been destroying healthcare for decades now ?
now is the time to move past rep. boehner who has proved to be more a part of the problem than part of the necessary solutions .
senator mccain , you have dedicated your life &apos;s work to the principles on which our country is founded .
i guess you also back muslim law , isis , obama , etc ? ? ?
fat chance - with the populace of america today , i doubt most you talk to on the streets , wouldn &apos;t know wth the american constitution is .
@ joe ... i &apos;ve never agreed fully with all republican actions in government .
ron paul has as much chance to get in as i do -and i &apos;m a lot saner then he is ( i think ?
tim scott is an excellent &quot; example &quot; to all .
just a question , why can &apos;t the town hall meetings , tea party &apos;s , etc ... be at some other time ?
and lindsey , my dear , since you are a true rino , perhaps we will see the last of you in the next election .
don &apos;t let the people of nc down
so you really think 35 permanent jobs are worth another mayflower arkansas ?
if she gets elected you own it you and kasich and the bushes john mccain and all you never trumpers .
keep up the good work tim and please find a way to stop him
prison for obama and his thugs
listen ... this is common sense ..... what happens in washington ... as soon as the politicians go to washington they stop listening to the people ... why ? ?
you sold tennessee out ! ! ! !
amen and amen , congressman ted !
kentuckians in paducah and the surrounding counties are tired of politicians by big business for big business , we need a real politician for the people , we need rand paul
no more common core and indoctrinating our children to socialism .
you should step down from office , and let a wounded warrior serve in your place ... you and mccain .
the constitution does not require transparency it instead was quickly admended to provide for a free press which it was hoped would inform the people and investigate what government officials do .
the republican pledge of no increase in taxation is against the constitution .
he can not circumvent congress.where is the rest of the gop leadership ?
pass a clean cr , and then congress can get to work on the business of completing all 12 of the appropriations bills .
obama thinks you all are a joke and our hole us if you guys on the hill let obama off the hook i to will think our system is a joke ! ! ! !
you are not an american , you are nothing but a republican !
he should be tried for acts of treason .
https : / / www.law.cornell.edu / uscode / text / 50 / 3021 sen. mccain and you said you would be announcing more sanctions against russia &quot; next week &quot; .
anarchy and treason : anarchy is a situation of confusion and wild behavior in which the people in a country , group , organization , etc . , are not controlled by rules or laws could someone please start a petition to impeach this government official ?
tom mcclintock -- you share my grandfather &apos;s name .
put god first !
enjoy washington while you still hold office ; oklahomans won &apos;t send you back again .
this president has a serious lack of common sence
i wish congress would have gone with the cruz bill ... that would have really made sure we wouldn &apos;t have a bad deal !
this administration has no clue .
dave you are doing a great job for us !
why have impeachment hearing not been started already ? ? ? ?
senator mccain , where were you during the campaign ?
impeachment is such a lovely word right now , but the word biden scares the crap out of everyone involved.unless of course one waits until the right time to remove them without the lesser of the evils taking over .
perhaps their filing status was as errant as their case in ga .
that &apos;s something that needs to stop along with the partisan crap when it comes to doing what is right for the country .
he has shown that he is part of the political establishment that is really one party .
so should we ban our national flag too ?
we do not supports obamacare and many other policies put into place by this administration .
or do you have the republican conservative &apos; defense spending addiction &apos; ?
i have been rethinking some of his positions .
if rep amash can agree with ron paul 95 % , i &apos;m good .
everybody else should follow the constitution but it doesn &apos;t apply to the executive branch .
the republican party i grew up knowing didn &apos;t play the game by liberal-mud-slinging rules .
god bless you mr. paul .
two trillion dollar wars you supported while cutting taxes on billionaires but don &apos;t want to pay for it , $ 24 billion dollars you helped waste on # teaparty tantrum over debt you already wracked up , plenty of corporate welfare and you have the audacity to complain about debt , marsha ?
good for you , mr .
is not the debt ceiling being raised because of spending already approved by congress ?
hit illegal immigration hard because despite what the mainstream media would have us believe the will of the people is to crackdown on illegal immigration at the state level since the federal government wont do it .
no requirements to hire workers , just have less than 500 employees and get 20 % off revenue .
i hope &amp; pray !
now that the republican party wants to govern in a &apos; i like this program &apos; , eliminate all health insurance programs subsidized by tax dollars .
i thought obama held that title .
the citizens of north carolina sent you to washington to do a very specific job - represent us to the best of your ability in the senate to do so , you need to complete your duties as our senator .
chris christie / rubio in 2016
the obama administration has manipulated and flat out falsified the numbers before .
i would like to see a sen. cruz and gov .
we can just quote the declaration of independence and the constitution back and forth at one another , as if that is the same as being right .
apparently no one lived through the bush years , talk about out of control .
the muslim brotherhood is attacking / killing christians and i read where they just burned a christian orphanage to boot !
how about resigning for lying to your supporters and voting for illegals .
you have shaken hands with obama and his crowd of tyrants for the last time , you will not get my families vote , game over for you my friend !
please keep praying for these precious babies !
senator thune , thanks so much for taking the time to visit this great organization !
marco , how dare you call yourself a christian and endorse pro-abortion , father of gay marriage mitt whose far left policies have destroyed traditional marriage in america and have resulted in the killing of untold numbers of babies in massachusetts .
congress will do nothing .... as you all are a bunch of do nothing , but blow off hot air .
i just got my packet from kaiser &amp; my premiums will be going up about $ 350.00 per month .
according to cdc director frieden , this has not been done in the u.s. because our borders are &quot; porous . &quot;
( sorry but thinking there is hope in one voice through congressman justin amash for light in america is foolish and frankly irresponsible in itself ) real change comes from the shedding of tyrants as well as patriots blood and the tree of liberty is thirsty my friends .
lindsey graham and john mccain are two ( bilderberg ) global elite &apos;s puppets .
praying with you for them .
good luck sir , we are praying for you !
he is not going to cave , he knows the republican &apos;s will , there is no back bone .
we saw many last night who are not corrupt standing with rand paul .
was at the lacey &apos;s spring town hall monday .
must say i am disappointed in you james .
you voted to let obama import syrian refugees that my tax money pays for .
praying and believing that your career in politics is back on track and god has special plans for you .
why do you talk about obama care being defunded and do nothing about it ?
let &apos;s put a wrench in obama &apos;s plans .
as an oklahoman i am ashamed of you and your house cohorts like lankford .
ashamed of you and the way you can discard the children of oklahoma and the divided states of america
this is stupid even from someone from nebraska , if he wants clinton to win by all means run a 3rd party , that is exactly how we go clinton the first time .
spending needs to be controlled but the federal income tax laws are a mess -- increase taxes and standardize the tax code --
wonder how many dem &apos;s will change mind , and push for new votes to override present law , now that the president has submitted a formal plan ?
i think he should be held accountable to the law , and i also believe he should be tried for treason ! !
ah , scott wells , more of your marxist hate and envy crap .
now , need to override the veto .
i see your republican colleague - tom emmer is holding 2 in person town halls in february !
mr. reid , what you &apos;ve just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things i have ever heard .
it is those who were elected to fight for conservatism , which they espoused during the election , and now , instead , merely mouth the words and then join harry reid and his socialist cohorts .
right on target , as always , mia .
sd is the official abbreviation of south dakota .
bush had congress approval .
of course , he was just being political and lying through his teeth since he wants our country to go deeper in debt , but it sure sounded good : &quot; the fact that we are here today to debate raising america &apos;s debt limit is a sign of leadership failure .
praying for your friends , congressman brat .
up yours , paul ryan !
yeah i &apos;m pretty sure john mccain isn &apos;t a faggot .... he hates queers and apposes gay marriage unlike his evil counterpart obama .
we need to get rid of obamacare completely
instead of bringing them home he sent them next door to afghanistan where we have lost more soldiers there than we did in iraq .
our nation became the immoral , defiance , injustice , arrogance , the bail out the biggest companies which some of them wasted our tax money , given money to terrorist countries which are against our country instead of give it to the people who need it .
free press for ron , but the tsa has got to go ... we must get legislation passed to fix this
don &apos;t complain about your taxes tom when you can &apos;t even help a constituent get off of disability , public housing , ect .... , wallow in your tax mess .
my question to obama is : where were you until today ? ? ?
stop obama , stop amnesty , stop the illegal alien invasion of america now !
so do something about it ! ! ! !
just pass the bill , and all will be ok. obama is not the first president to do what he did , others can &amp; he can &apos;t ?
mr. gowdy , you are an amazing man .
we need to send obama and obamacare on down the road !
i hope that every teacher educator will share your words with every aspiring teacher 💐 god bless you and god bless mrs. ezell 💐 🙏
americans are begging for a secure border - we should protect our own country from invasion .
it &apos;s pass time for impeachment .
senator paul , keep fighting the good fight !
vern , you are to blame !
congress needs to actually stop obama and not just keep saying he can &apos;t and then go ahead and let him .
you cannot get an economy going by cutting spending !
no there are plenty of liquor stores where it is available
i have written rep. ken buck and told him of my disappointment of his position .
he is either profoundly misinformed or lying .
i &apos;m your sc constituent and beg you to change your vote to no to devos .
stand with cruz , not reid &apos;s slick tricks to shut us down !
all the r &apos;s in the senate will vote against cloture until we have a vote against the tax hikes coming on january 1st .
just another reason for all to join the constitution party and start fresh .
keep after it and we also want to know about the drones and what happened on november 1 that they are trying to keep hush hush !
no one hates anyone .
tom , please do something significant to clean out the festering pile of lieing garbage in the oval office .
reintroduced tge rand paul bill about the refugees .
no national coverage .
happy fourth to you and your family marco !
if we can get rid of obama and judges that interpret the law instead of uphold it i.e.
will holder ever be held accountable for f &amp; f ?
i do think mo voted to cut medicare by a large % .
the flag has killed no one .
with no disrespect tim , if you are an uncle tom then i am an aunt suzie .
you &apos;re sounding a bit harsh for a fellow republican trying to stop the marxist agenda , paul .
have you no guts either ?
why is all the weirdest stuff lately happening in south carolina ?
dont let em get ya down ! ! !
i &apos;m not racist , but black america doesn &apos;t trust conservatives and obama has taken advantage of that , it takes a black leader to show them the truth ! ! ! !
obama and the dems will have to answer for the messages that it sends , sooner or later the american people will wake up .
obama is a puppet of the new world order .
rubio is back because he is sugar coated .
and yet , we are seeing our freedoms eroded faster and faster and we are watching our supposed conservative representatives sell us down the river .
no deference or respect due obama or his idiotic supporters .
the 5th has already been taken away due to &apos; no refusal &apos; blood draws for suspicion of dwi .
under current law government is mandated to secure the border , but they refuse to do so .
margaret thatcher was a conservative and a leader and your neither , senator .
the &quot; extras &quot; would have been cut , and that is what we the nation wanted .
another lib who can &apos;t stand toe to toe with conservatives so you hide and make things up in your fantasy world .
is trey gowdy not doing an excellent job ?
praying for you , your husband and that precious little angel you are carrying .
slimy harry reid makes my stomach hurl .
james - i am glad you are there - we need more strong men of god to get involved in the political arena !
i also pray for salvation not to all but to those leaders who are in need of it .
educated third-generation oklahoma geologists are not liberals .
first it did not make the price of insurance go up when fact is insurance has gone up every year before obama care .
no crime committed .
hell everyone better heed his warning ill die before going communist
ice can pick him up for giving them illegal orders , damaging our national security and nation .
and now we know that you mr. wenstrup are one of them , and thus part of the problem .
obama is on his usual campaign of deception in his ill fated attempt to deceive the american people .
obama does no good .
our tax dollars are basically petty cash .
i had faith in our goverment , wtf no more !
obama is playing politics .
no tax hikes !
i didn &apos;t realize how rascist we are as a nation til obama was elected .
@ arturo-harry reid is solely responsible for the government shutdown .
john mccain is a perfect example of a useless career politician .
so done with the republican party .
a little too late paul ryan !
you sir are a bastard to vote to close the govt .
but , the cr does not prevent any more cuts in the final budget
anthony kennedy was nominated on february 18th , 1988 ronald reagan &apos;s final year - an election year .
he &apos;ll do what he wants
thanks mcclintock , we need more stand up politicians who know right from wrong and vote for right .
true hope &amp; liberty come from god not government .
if someone goes on a shooting spree carrying the american flag do we take that down to ?
this is why i love trey gowdy # ! #
i whole heartily agree with you tom
start with repeal , we can replace later .
especially sc .
charleston southern 15 unc charlotte 7 at halftime .
please defund amnesty ...
congress needs to uphold the constitution and raise the debt ceiling in order to pay for the things that congress has already authorized .
someone with kahonies stands up for our rights , thanks rand ! ! ! !
http : / / www.speaker.gov / press-release / house-will-vote-plan-keep-government-open-stop-obamacare john boehner and crew release statement on obamacare vote !
hope reps are successful in taking bo to court for constitutional violations
why is it that we as a regular citizen , if our bank account goes below zero , we get fees &amp; penalties , but the government can just keep raising the ceiling debt .
thanks for supporting ted cruz on the senate floor todayy .
stick to your guns .... don &apos;t back down , &quot; we the people &quot; need you to hold your ground .
if they do not put america and the constitution above their own personal agendas .. vote them out !
you seem to forget that we pay your salaries and if we have no jobs we can &apos;t pay taxes .
he was just recently hired on the latest job as part time because of obamacare .
the bigger question is , &quot; when will the house and senate wake up and impeach this guy and un-do all the damage he has done ? ? ? ? &quot;
how can that be in the least , even feasible when there are american citizens , that can &apos;t afford obamacare , won &apos;t get a subsidy , and will likely go without , when the people breaking our laws will never pay a dime for anything .
but rush does have a point and i agree with him .
you voted to keep spineless boehner as speaker .
yes tim , and we also need to understand that a &quot; compromise &quot; has to be made .
he is a military leader who has to implement what the civilian authority decides .
reports have it that obamacare spent $ 634 million on the website alone !
impeach obama &amp; holder terrorist to the american people &lt; &gt; &lt;
praying for mac and his family , in jesus &apos; name , amen and amen ...
rep. langford , i am praying you are led by the lord to stand firm against obama &apos;s threat whether obama carries through or not .
senator mccain , i didn &apos;t vote for you , but i never doubted your patriotism or your love for our country and our values .
while you watching shayne graham , lindsey graham is ruining the country .
the senate bill you voted for would not have solved the immigration problem , which is why the house would not support it .
democrats are traitors
when will we hear your endorsement of ted cruz ?
he has only begun his plan
will the real president please stand up ?
oh , and thanks for impeaching obama - loser .
obama is an inexperienced commander in chief and has no clue what he is doing
then work like hell to get the votes to override the veto .
1. repeal and replace the aca ( obamacare ) and tackle the true problem with healthcare- out of control cost 2. immigration reform , secure the borders and end &quot; birthright citizenship &quot; .
but he won &apos;t be able to implement obamacare or amnesty if republicans curb or eliminate the funds to do so .
seriously disappointed in my sc senators who aren &apos;t listening to their constituents but are being purchased by devos .
thank god for ted poe .
where the heck are the republican s .
draft trey gowdy for speaker !
if you and others don &apos;t say no to continual higher spending , our government will have more problems that what we are seeing now .
prevent the epa from shutting down texan oil fields to save a tiny lizard .
impeach obama and put mccain in the white house .
who the hell really cares if cuba sinks into the oceans abyss ?
go mia , go mia , go !
the tax should be simple , if the state has a 6 % tax like ky does then that business collects the tax for the state of ky. they should not have to collect taxes for cities , counties etc .
i wish we had more.representatives in congress who truly worked for the good of this country and preserving our constitution .
sorry to say mccain may as well join specter - two of a kind .
mrs. devos does not have the background knowledge or experience to oversee the department of education .
they just let it go when we would have been ok with even the government coming to a stop .
we don &apos;t need any more taxes !
yes sarah palin &amp; i are 2 that have read the bills &amp; you ain &apos;t seen nothing yet !
impeach john shimkus
we in sc are watching and appreciate what you are doing for all americans .
at least fox knows how to keep a crow interested .
we need to maintain balance in our budget .
tell reid and obama to get to the table .
cut off obamas cash !
great position mia way to go !
a big step in the right direction for utah .
i don.t think anybody is against anybody coming here legally however them coming here and wanting to change the way we live based upon the ideas our founding fathers had and has made this country great is what is pissing all of us off !
exceptionalim as it was used is an arrogant statement .
expect them to ramp up spending &amp; fuynding for terrorist operations everywhere they can with the revenuee this deal will free up !
don &apos;t stop pushing for freedom !
statements like that or not being an alternative to the board with the american people .
primary marsha blackburn for co-sponsoring sopa bill with debbie wasserman-schultz .
now all kinds of bad things can be put in as amendments and then it might be too late to stop the senate from passing this bill .
now that holder is implicated in the irs scandal do you think we will get a special prosecutor now ?
then we could have gotten more extensive spending cuts .
all you teabaggers saying defund obamacare - they can &apos;t - it is not a defundable law ! !
romney gave us a 59 point plan to did the economy , the president bashed it because he knows he is right , and perry can &apos;t count to 59 ..... the president is to worried to admit he has no idea what he is doing .
love mia love 👍 and thanks for caring !
obama just rewrote that law , give himself the power to act on it .
defund the irs and obama scare .
it was illegal for him to lie under oath , yes , but like i and historians have already said , he never should have been questioned about the affair under oath in the first place .
vern , why are you polling a state issue ?
and if we had your retirement plan and insurance plan we would be better off , since the trust fund has been raided so many times , we shouldn &apos;t have to pay for those raids , again .
now , gm is run by the union , thanks to the obama administration .
&quot; if you give up youre liberty for security , you deserve neither .
johnny probably has stock in insurance companies ! !
go get them for us marco rubio
gov can not run anything , then firing is easy for the worest employer .
your stance on amnesty is now very clear .
please address the 50 % futa surcharge that the feds are imposing on georgia employers .
i think obama lies about everything and no one seems to care .
marco , your family is always in our prayers !
between you , dr. paul , and a few others we might get this country turned around yet if we can keep this trend continuing !
look at all the free health care illegal parents receive to deliver their anchor babies .
not all are , loraine- i present charlie crist and lindsay graham as two examples of republican dumbasses .
betsy devos clearly does not know nor care to know anything about public education .
do something , quit talking about it .
tim scott these actions and now the special ops being sent to oregon , if that turns into waco and women and children are murdered , well lets just say these arguments wont matter long .
why are conservatives considered the roadblocks &amp; expected to compromise ?
why do we need congress when they do not uphold the constitution ?
right now the worst enemy of business and the working class is our federal government .
why is the us so late to the party ?
a vote for cloture is a vote for obamacare and a vote against the people that elected you .
obama , valerie jarrett , and the rest of his muslim brotherhood compadres are dancing on their prayer rugs right now .
what is it about this prez that causes people to blindly follow his lead &amp; not expect a balanced budget or spending caps ?
i agree 100 % with you mia .
tennessee needs to do the same and send them back where they came from .
praise god for his healing , that is awesome news !
i like trey
i beg everyone that reads this to take time to share to others what rand paul stands for .
there is no apology due bp or mr. hayward .
it &apos;s clear hhs did not have this authority .
the irs is collecting , yes still collecting , enough money every month to pay our liability and obligations .
this president does not know what he doesn &apos;t know .
why did you vote to continue to send aid to the middle east ?
senator isakson , last sunday , 31 a-rated nra senators were invited to discuss gun control on the sunday talk shows .
fire kerry &amp; mcconnel
the facts are simple the majority of americans do not want obamacare period however the senate which is controlled by the same party that obama is refuses just like him to listen to the majority of americans .
and yes raised the national debt significantly .
i have often wondered how many actual patriots remain in dc ( those that support the constitution in word and deed ) .
it always makes a good sound bite to cut foreign aid , but foreign aid is not about helping out other countries , it is about keeping us safe and secure and having a voice in what happens elsewhere .
graham you are a disappointment .
keep our second amendment and freedom in place !
a tea party member who was voted in to go against the establishment wants to go against the people .
even though hannity is a tool , he has controversial people on the show usually , about the only thing interesting .
provisions are definitely needed cause the idea of this bill is to protect us , but the actions of this bill infringes on our liberty .
he is an idiot nobody should listen to him .
i was so happy that finally someone cared enough about we the people to finally disagree with obama and what he is doing to our country .
even better if it &apos;s during his impeachment hearing .
he said so himself durring his farewell speech ... &quot; very little &quot; rand is trying to fis his fathers system of not getting anything done and still fighting for your freedom from oppressive government ...
mr trey gowdy , thanks for being a true patriot .
mr gowdy , can obama break a law that is already in place and do an execution order to bring them into the us
owe irs for lame excuse and because of that cannot stay open !
most of all , start looking for a replacement for speaker boehner , i won &apos;t be able to support anyone that re-elects him as the speaker of the house !
rep lankford simply posted an evening out with his family .
based on some posted comments and implied criteria , reagan should have been .
start calling it &quot; murder &quot; everytime you talk about it .... take a page from the other side ... control the language , win the issue ... god sees everything .
ted , keep up the good work .
no wonder barry wants gitmo closed , lol !
por dios es tiempp que hagan algo por venezuela ..
chris christie is a cancer in the republican party .
so by pass the veto .
marilyn , president obama is a real person .
and then maybe they could interview a couple of legislators--one who thinks this man ( who will never be charged with a crime ) should go home and another legislator who thinks this man should stay in guantanimo until he dies .
i know several people who will be unable to afford healthcare without premium support and most everyone else will not be able to get healthcare should we lose our jobs because of pre-existing conditions .
don &apos;t tell us how you voted to 60 times to repeal or defund it .
wasn &apos;t sure until trey gowdy endorsed him .
cut the budget !
it is time this administration be held accountable !
some stupid people are saying they don &apos;t care if the government listens to their conversations ... well i do i this guy told us the truth about what is going on with our intrusive government !
that is nice but why are they not doing something to stop the obama care ?
we have to be strong enough to take our country back .
the more i read and see rand paul , the more i am seeing someone who says what he means and means what he says .
mccain is a neocon scumbag piece of trash
we have alot of issues that need to be worked on and all he got on his mind is disarming law abiding citizens !
every one has to suffer except washington you all are horrible representatives of the people
georgia isn &apos;t a safe haven for bigotry anymore .
senator you are making a horrible choice for south carolina .
if it is a law- it must have a vote to change it--do we have a true socialist dictator now ? ? ?
this budget makes progress in that it cut spending without raising taxes .
this amounts to abdication of all authority for the next two years , before the new congress is even seated .
do not cave in to 0bama and reid ....
the establishment is done .
since republicans in control they trying to reduce spending but obama keeps passing restrictions on country and giving money to green programs that go bankrupt and givve all our taxws to managers as bonuses .
rubio makes more sense than you senator paul .
we didn &apos;t give y &apos;all all the power to squander it like you have before .
what terrifies the left is conservatives who are right about socialism / communism taking over our country .
i guess the politicians want to open another border for the illegals to start flowing in ! !
ron paul is the exception
i believe they are full of terrorists and the president seems to be inviting them right on in .
maybe it &apos;s time to look back at all treaty made and update them it &apos;s not 1945 anymore .
the majority of americans are also opposing obama &apos;s health care legislation , illegal alien position and out of control spending .
common core is not a mandate .
god bless our soldiers &amp; veterans and god bless trey gowdy
wasn &apos;t it just 2 or 3 days ago you posted about a police officer in sc who was shot &amp; killed ?
stand up to boehner on this .
please do not approve betsy devos as secretary of education .
everything obama wanted .
listen rand don &apos;t start using dumocrat stratergy attack oppenant on things they support .
keep up the good work defending the constitution !
good going mr. poe .
why haven &apos;t y &apos;all impeached him yet ?
our government is utterly corrupt .
i heard there were some who voted against boehner .
contact your reps and senators and demand the government leaves our constitution and bill of rights in place .
tell your fellow republicans that the democrats passed obamacare with 51 votes - pass the bills and make obama be known as the veto president ! ! !
jerry i hope you find a new job !
get rid of common core asap ! !
praying for its reversal .
tom , who r u , bold or pastel ? ?
a ton of obama &apos;s crap was funded .
your friend , trey and others have admitted it was a witch hunt so please stop telling the gullible people untruths .
visit www.facebook.com / pattpac and click &quot; like &quot; to become a patriot against tax tyrants and stand for liberty against the idiots with other pattpac patriots !
if not you can also be replaced , praying for you and your family .
it will hard to open their cold cold hearts ted keep it up your zeal is contagious &quot; &quot; &quot;
pence can &apos;t win this late in the game .
we are all glad to have senator enzi looking out for us !
if you ram an all conservative agenda down the throat of america , you &apos;ll lose in 4 years .
we must support israel , our one true ally in the middle east .
when will they reign in the nsa and the spying on americans ?
impact of the romney / ryan medicare plan in kansas 2nd district : eliminates guaranteed benefits for anyone age 54 or younger .
and , he said obama chose wisely !
this guy should have been president
may god have mercy on this country , and turn our hearts back to him !
mia love you are ridiculous ! ! ! ! ! !
so nice of lindsey to share this story with everyone .
no dinner tonight .
jesse graves
jeb bush had a dignified exit , but the manner in which he savaged rubio was despicable .
god bless you , sir , and all your efforts .
why have congress not removed him and his bunch of crooks from office !
mccain and graham why don &apos;t they just admit they are democrats ?
....... 2016 rubio
give us the facts on the house and the speaker boenher fiasco &apos;s resulting in the no votes of patrick mchenry and 150 other republicans .
marsha -- your speech left me speechless with pride .
mr. portman , please prove that you will stand up and work for what is best for ohioans and your country .
it was george bush that spent all that money ? ? ?
ty senator scott .
may god bless you and your family and as you said , may god bless all of our troops and our veterans as well .
screw pual ryan
we cannot leave it to the obama administration to secure the borders !
the dirty dems will pay for this harry reid government shutdown .
instead i &apos;ll borrow some words from uncle ted .
carly fiorina and ben carson .
what is the bill number jerry moran ?
congress is not supposed to be set up as a king and his court .
i shall repost your words and try to get ms. blackburn to respond ..
ur right vern , keep fight n the good fight for us piss ants !
ronald reagan and others called it ; an &apos; industrial homestead act &apos; . &#93;
prayers to the family god bless
obama and ilk think they can trash the constitution and the american people because of compromisers like that !
i would have been happy if i &apos;d gotten paul or perry or cruz but i didn &apos;t !
he just signed an executive order appointing someone to the supreme court .
obama is amerca &apos;s # `1 enemy .
750 million victims to islam , think about it sir !
as president he can do whatever he likes .
can &apos;t think of a reason to give up an ounce of liberty .
stop telling the american people what needs to be done and do it ! !
the second coming of jesus christ will save us
very very true ! !
😱 🐓 🐓 🐓 🐓 🐓 🐓 🐓 grow a pair bob .
any one there except rand paul and trump .
unlike today &apos;s candidates , george washington did not want to serve , even though many believed him the only man for the job &quot; who is our george washington ? ? ?
and the republican house passed and sent to the senate 28 jobs bills where they still sit on reids desk .
oklahoma - you aren &apos;t the majority
no one to talk to washington , d.c. office or any of these numbers .
our economy could use john mccain rite now .
finally someone up there in dc gets it .
what did mr vice presidential candidate paul ryan have to say about your bill ? ! ! !
god bless ou mr. paul and we will keep him in our thoughts and paryers as well .
my question is tom , why isn &apos;t congress doing something about this illegal entry , and dare i say , war being waged on our country ?
video : black patriots demand impeachment of obama
he believes he can do and act the way he wants because he has been forgiven ahead of time .
it is a part of history and once we get rid of history we have no country .
no personal attack , no he &apos;s a muslim , none of that ... just here is where i disagree with his policies .
please stand with trey on this mr. president !
only thing i support and while your at it congress needs to grow a spine and impeach obama
why can &apos;t the senate overturn with 2 / 3rd vote and stick it to the prez .
yeah , vern
yes , i said illegal laws that are in direct opposition to our constitution .
ted cruz for president ,
isakson and saxby are both jokes .
hold the president accountable to his oath to uphold the law of the land .
nothing to do with the flag
isn &apos;t there a provision in there for a &quot; super congress &quot; that is 6 congressmen and 6 senators along with our illustrious president obama , which is enacted in any time of emergency ( including economic , go figure ! ) .
rand , please look into the games causing this as i have seen what it does to a kid .
he has to be stopped now ! !
the american people deserve a plan before anything that is currently in place is repealed .
but you are for it when nc is not ?
and what are you and mccain doing to protect the citizens of this country ?
rand paul , ted cruz 2016 !
god bless you for trying !
if he wants a 3rd term he probably will be allowed to run .
harry reed and obama way to cut the debt is to raise taxes on the rich which is everyone who earns wages .
ready for you mr .
i am on the 2012 thune for pres train : ) all aboard !
of course not , eliminate all the waste and all foreign aid and cut all govt spending by at least 20 % .defund obamacare
sad that the republican house and senate have voted down aid to vets .
the memorial that tells the history with the folded dollar as a drone included https : / / web.facebook.com / photo.php ? fbid = 1275799909127129 &amp; set = a.193552880685176.45353.100000913960378 &amp; type = 3
and our president is out doing fund raisers .
just heard on fox , that marco rubio would be making his first trip to iowa soon .
trump needs to replace ryan when he wins
you feds collect taxes to protect our rights and defend the nation in a republic .
let no debate begin with fraudulent terms .
always count on john mccain to find his backbone when there &apos;s a republican in the white house .
the liberty party and the modern whig party are hopefully the future
makin &apos; oklahoma proud .
option b. so i can ride rail to galleria in my lifetime .
voted for you bruce
praying the senate votes your way
what is destroying america today is that we continually put partisanship above our love of country .
as an educator in this state for 17 years i urge you to reconsider .
impeach obama we , the american public , have had enough of this man .
we need to get rid of the rino running against him .
this crisis is engineered by our current executive branch .
the american people are fed up , with his lack of respect , for our constitution and his agenda , for hope &amp; change .
i also heard that you are hearing from a lot of your constituents about the lack of qualifications of mrs. devos .
don &apos;t stop the message of liberty !
stop passing off tax deductions after tax deduction ... the irs code is tooooooio complicated for a small business !
rand paul has a website also but i &apos;m on my cell and cant readily bring it up .
freeze spending on pork spending , stop sending money to greece and other countries .
rural kansas is so screwed .
no more grover norquist tax lists .
obama , you are not only the worst president in my lifetime but also the dumbest .
shut down jade helm put troops on border
morally , i can &apos;t condone abortion but god did grant his creations &quot; free will &quot; .
you sir are doing your job !
jerry , were you one of the senators that was tweeting what a hero this young man was over the weekend ?
i am sick of watching our country go the way of zimbabwe .
sir , when will the congress put a stop to all of this ?
please vote for a conservative replacement .
should reagan have been impeached ?
i see he flew in via a big jet , no budget problem for him with a military transport along with him !
he listens to his constituents , studies the constitution and knows that god is in charge .
you could not pin that on the obama administration .
actually two and from opposite sides jfk &amp; r. reagan
will keep praying for you and your family , believing for a great future , we need you !
cut the pork.quit letting congress put stupid things in when they vote on a bill
remember ronald reagan &apos;s amnesty ?
marco and jeanette rubio
god bless you all and you also mr. gowdy .
all obama does is cause problems , on second thought obama is the problem .
now if they can impeach roberts i &apos;ll give them a thumbs up .
it should state &quot; therefore we will not have a vote until his replacement is in power &quot;
praying for serious gun control is what &apos;s hard !
option b. in fact it should continue down richmond thru the galleria instead of jumping across the freeway a la the culberson plan .
dear senator thune , please vote no on the cloture .
if i had my way , you &apos;d kick boehner and cantor to the curb , get yourselves ( and us ) some real leaders and make this tax cut permanent or at least til the tax code can be reformed in to a flat or &quot; fair &quot; tax .
christie is another closet liberal .
that such bs worthless bob , you won &apos;t due crap .
that is why it has all the bugs in the program until government goes back
i can &apos;t understand why washington isn &apos;t listening to what the majority of this country wants and it is not this ! !
it has been bent out of shape by people in our government to be viewed as a bad word .
marsha please keep up your work on this .
king obama can do anything he want and is not stopped .
it appears that this administration has little or no understanding that this enemy ( which does not wear a uniform on the battlefield ) will attack us again.rather than confront this enemy , this enemy is appeased .
no brainer !
i was one of the smart ones who didn &apos;t tune in to obama &apos;s bs !
it is one thing after another with the establishment republicans we have now .
i agree somewhat rand paul----dems had total control for two years and if they had passed a balance budget this country would have seen this coming and we would not be where we are today .
you are loved mr .
the epa had been out of control for a long time .
socialism is a totalitarian government based upon populism .
trey for president ; )
i do hope that you will review the strong benefits that licensing and regulation of online poker will bring to south carolina and our country .
i don &apos;t know if rubio is as passionate as you about liberty .
the govt should not be involved in any way with educating children
i think the word has come from the purse strings to fix this .
also , please defund obamacare !
lindsey , i sincerely hope the next time you board an airplane , a voice comes over the intercom saying &quot; hello , this is betsy devos .
best of luck with that lee
has obama ever risen to the &apos; challenge &apos; of anything anyone has put him up to responding / addressing / replying over ?
scotus as well , it should be all or no one .
to turkey then to hsyria ... and later tea party senator rand paul admitted he did not have any proof of his allegations ... senator moran don &apos;t let the facts get in the way ....
emily currin
senator sasse , i have read your posting to trump supporters , and i agree with you .
now mccain wnats to attack arpaio , because he upholds illegal alien laws .
i know you voted to fund obamacare
you are s good man mr. gowdy .
i hope we have a president to who loves jesus this time turn back to him be careful who we vote for
you have no business representing us and we will oppose you and this administration until you are no longer in power .
alot of things are unconstitutional but he gets away with it , and why is he still in office anyway .
one solution is to join your fellow congressman in insisting boehner arrest lerner to send a message .
the foreign aid bill should have included mexico .
i support james because i beleive he is a committed christian who is being led by the lord to serve our country .
i was a reagan republican and have always voted republican but if trump loses to the clinton mafia i will hold the republican party responsible .
i know utah will miss her !
i like the prior two posts , especially th resignation one .
the government needs to show that they can and will enforce the current laws before any new ones are added .
very well said john mccain
if you do vote for a 3rd party , you vote for socialism , national bankruptcy , and a repeal of the bill of rights as well as the constitution .
you &apos;re disgusting and a traitor to the republican party .
the rebels are no better then the leadership there right now .
he mccain , it takes one to know one .
mr. rubio- americans are tired of being told that all of these countries are trying to help us only to find out later that they don &apos;t .
wally byers- colorado would definitely benefit by having mr gowdy as their governor , however , i believe this patriotic american will have a place on the national scene in the future .
have been praying and will continue to do so .
congress and senate are a disgrace to america !
rand , ted , and tim didnt cave .
go get them rand paul
jerry , here &apos;s a pie chart of our federal budget : http : / / en.wikipedia.org / wiki / file : fy2010 _ spending _ by _ category.jpg all of the cuts that were made were done to a 10 % section of the budget .
the guy was on the u. s. no fly list and bring watched , but because florida doesn &apos;t require background checks or anything else to buy a deadly weapon , .
the cronies are on the way out and if you fall in line and capitulate to obama you &apos;ll be a one term sen like someone you know well .
why does congress let him ignore our america laws ?
obama claimed he knew what he was getting into in 2008 when he ran the first time .... said the country would turn around in 90 days ... instead he has spent his campaign crying about bush and now about republicans in congress .
then why are you people so scared to impeach this sorry excuse of a president .
yes senator , i will wait with nervous anticipation of what you will say about voting for cloture when even us little people knew that harry reid was gonna out wit you , or did he just talk to you behind the scenes ?
this is why paul ryan should run for president ! ! !
run one more time mccain .
d ) abolish obamacare completely , let things be the way there were ... not broken !
in fact , his own people crowding south florida didn &apos;t want him in office .
no other time have americans been so complacent with the wrong doing of our goverment and especially the so called president .
thus the president makes the agreement the senate approves it with a 2 / 3 &apos;s majority .
i agree plus he tried listing christians , patriots and defenders of the flag as terrorists until supreme court slapped him down ... remember his wanting to drone americans ?
and ya &apos;ll just keep worshiping him like an idol ! ! !
breaking his oath to defend our constitution , lying to the american people , using the irs for political reasons , spying the us citizens .
i remember that mccain fondly .
dont trip rubio fans .. trump has already stated as fact he will employ the best people to do their best work .
god bless america for producing a real leader in eye doctor paul !
pass the zadroga act , you have the votes in congress .
no its more like obama dont care not obamacare
we have gutless politicians that are all talk and no action .
the last 5 years the military has been destroyed by the incompetent leadership in washington .
why don &apos;t congress impeach obama he is nothing but a low down scum tratior
we love you , tim scott , our prayers are with you all the way from montana .
maybe she should be running lois lerner &apos;s department at the irs .
if families across florida have to tighten their belts , washington must do the same .
and to you also , god bless
live on 1340 am and 950 am in charleston
just finished &quot; we the living &quot; by ayn rand .
if you politicians use the word &quot; lawlessness &quot; and are aware of what everyone that doesn &apos;t have their head in the sand already know , then why doesn &apos;t obama suffer consequences and be impeached ?
that flag is part of southern heritage and does not signify any of the negatives attributed to it by malcontents .
mccain is more democrat than gop .
lets raise them some more , then we all can let the government take care of us .
so why are we getting obamacare again ?
so if your cohorts in the senate , house , and rnc are seeking the root cause of trump , all they have to do is look in the nearest mirror and say , &quot; mea maxima culpa &quot; .
the emails they looked at is what she sent them , what was really on the several thousand deleted ones we will never know !
fair tax now jason !
lets awaken the rest of the true americans and take back this constitutional republic .
please vote no to the confirmation of betsy devos .
i &apos;m afraid you are the idiot , he has killed more innocent people by drones then any president in history and the number is raising everyday !
when he does not know what he is doing ! ! ! ! !
no more , you are just one more rino and there must be some gravy train you are protecting .
dear sir please vote against john boehner .
i remember the night well sir !
just got three more votes.go mitch
i am afraid our president wants to tax us until washington has all of the money .
your decision on devos , in my opinion , is a bad one for students and teachers in sc .
the dems had total control of congress in 2007 , the last 2 years of bush and then total control obama &apos;s first 2 years in office .
paul ryan hates trump .
why can the president delay or otherwise change obamacare , and then claim that no one else can challenge it ?
ryan campbell
you sir are a great american and will defend / worship the constitution and god over party .
please have the guts to stand up and be a real conservative .
trey we love you for standing for us , please stay strong and continue fighting for us .
when is congress going put a major stop to this , when are they going to start impeachment and prosecute from obama , down to senator reid , hillary clinton to lorreta lynch , and eric holder , and biden ! ! ! !
wendell is right too late now and panochoalazzo gies out next election for boehner support
ps - stop supporting that marxist in the wh
you said what was on my mind regarding the dhs funding and the no funding amendment for obama &apos;s executive actions regarding ammnesty , as now it is a moot issue in the senate .
you are honoring the constitution as you completely ignore it ?
you couldn &apos;t stand him now you are going to be supportive ! ! !
harry reid said the country doesn &apos;t need one .
i &apos;ve said it before and i &apos;ll say it again ... john kasich , christ christie and jeb bush couldn &apos;t have gotten an amen if they would had screamed hallelujah at the crowd during the day of pentecost ! ! !
you should be ashamed of yourself not supporting your party .. maybe you aren &apos;t are true republican
and obama keeps spending and trying to increase taxes vic , so what do you know ?
so the plan cannot simply be repeal obamacare .
either you believe in him or not .. ron paul 2012
i hope he says that he will not veto everything unless it &apos;s 100 % to his satisfaction .
karlene .... is it breaking a court order if the son wanted his dad there ?
we need to shrink government , we need to stop big government spending / wasting .
i bet they blame bush .
we need more true patriots like you willing to stand for the non-partisan , non-negotiable values of our country .
i hope to see you trey as presidential nominee someday !
everyone needs to realize that obama is a muslim who hates the usa .
he has solutions and he understands why we are a great nation.he understands the greatness of our constitution and the type of men our founders were .
now the sheep that could not see the harm when it passed are complaining ..... wake up czar obama is going to ruin this country .
freedom of the press means freedom from government suppression .
to doug steley : i &apos;m not opposed to a universal healthcare system .
uhmmm ........... looks like ron paul won the virgin islands ........ http : / / vigop.com / ... virgin island website ........... percentages 384 total cast 112 to paul ( 29 % ) won one delegate 101 to romney ( 26 % ) won three delegates plus three rnc member pledge .
i &apos;m curious , if obama closes gitmo and gives it back to castro , what is going to happen to the people who live there , that fled castro and have been protected by america all these years .
i believe , we need to remember about our lord jesus and pray a little harder in our prayer .
i wouldn &apos;t want everyone to be a hour late for your dissection of mr. blitzer tonight !
tom &amp; i agree on more than he &apos;ll be the last to let me down .
http : / / www.lasvegassun.com / blogs / damon-political-report / 2010 / oct / 29 / heller-harry-reids-defeat-might-not-be-good-nevada / so though mr. heller may be cheering the troops on he knows it will be a cold day in hell before nevada ever has another elected official that can insure the states interests like senator reid has done .
you mia would be the perfect running mate for him and you would be a great vp .
tom is this true ?
folks like you will assure a 3rd term for obama !
wish louie gohmert were speaker !
the constitution mandates that the senate &quot; advise and consent &quot; .
here &apos;s a list of republicans who support cloture and you are one of them : saxby chambliss , why are you supporting cloture ?
our reps mistakenly believe they know better than we do and they spend our money without regard .
i ask you mr. scott - will you be the one to call for his resignation ?
i myself is not from south america , but i hope people could see and realize that they are contributing too .
they need to just clean up the current plan and make it better and admit it
quit spending money ! !
he is not a republican nor is he conservative .
so , make &apos; em an offer they can &apos;t refuse over at the senate ..... tell them the government won &apos;t reopen till negotiations are approved by don john boehner .
marco we lost a battle but not the war and the war has to be ata the senate and congress .... go for it !
congressman mcclintock : i remember standing at a tea party get together where you were the speaker and my husband tried to tell you that there were lies and deception going on and you poo-poo &apos;d him .
senator burr , the confirmation of betsy devos would be a mistake .
dhs is currently being run by six members of the moslem brotherhood ( our country &apos;s enemies ) , and our country did fine without dhs before 9 / 11 .
we want holder out of the doj
your constituents are losing medical professionals and in some cases entire hospitals because tennessee isn &apos;t expanding medicaid .
repeal the aca tax today ! ! !
its about time ........ republican abuse of the fillibuster is the cause jerry ...... not obamacare .
a little too little , too late paul .
stop the illegal activities of the obama administration .
congressman ........... start by eliminating dhs and tsa
any access to legal status for illegals must be contingent on securing the borders .
i acreidto yes many dfalhas téncnica of the safeties is not today &apos;s and still has the devices sustificados of ultimas generation does not have descula that is failure detrey failure gowdy
when i started contributing to a 529 in 1998 , conservative ( high ) estimates had the price of a four year degree at $ 40-60k .
so impeach them for putting our country at risk of lower crdit rating again !
will rodgers glenn beck can &apos;t even defend the welfare cowboy .
i am a consistent libertarian , who supported ron paul in 2008 and will do so again if he runs in 2012 .
if there were more people like you and tom cotton , this country would not be in shape it is today .
obamacare isn &apos;t american .. goes against everything america stands for .. somewhere in the bill of rights .. it states that congress shall pass no law that they themselves would not follow .. well that &apos;s not exactly how it &apos;s worded but you get the idea .. they &apos;ve exempted themselves from obamacare .
it &apos;s seems as though she is above the law .... the clintons and this administration are the most corrupt ever and congress does nothing !
we need some one who is not afraid to step up and get the impeachment going.or we are dead .
way to go , rand ! ! !
if you are against obamacare and vote for cloture then act suprised when reid amends it to restore funding then you are incompetent and should resign immediately .
now you know why i hated boehner so much !
give the citizens fair warning and then all bets are off -- period ! ! ! ! !
and let me tell you , thousands of job left the gulf because of obama - some of these companies moved their operations to egypt and have said they will never come back to the u.s. he &apos;s a real piece of work .
so they can use them against israel , you go rand , you seem to be the only one in washington that has a working brain .......
&quot; usa patriot act . &quot;
&#91; 1 &#93; over 5 million emails may have been lost or deleted .
when is obozo going to wake up ? ? ? ? ? ?
lindsey is a rino , he is not a conservative .. really a disappointment for the republican party ....
i believe ben carson is the man that can heal our country .
stay focused , lee .
senator paul - please support my right to play online poker in the us .
go away ... our president did the right thing ... we traded hostages for john mccain ... which he seems to forget !
keep fighting bruce poliquin
he has said he believes that if we don &apos;t stop increasing the national debt once it hits $ 24 trillion it will be impossible to save this country ...
i highly doubt that you actually listen to what the people of south carolina want and / or need or you would not be voting for this horrible nominee .
united states congress must stop this lawless president .
waste of time and tax dollars , we know the truth
repeal not replace ! !
yeah you have lost my vote sir and my families vote , i would rather vote dem , than vote for a rino
oh yes it is ... obama does not like texas at all and if there was a test to take to prove u r a lair , well obama would ace it hands down .
i am disappointed that you voted to begin repealing the aca before presenting your constituents with a viable , reasonable replacement .
so if its obamacare is so bad , plz tell me what you propose instead .
we had to put a stop to this out of control spending .
nice debating with you sir .
no he is just out of touch with republican thoughts .
like others say what don &apos;t they generate cost from .
it &apos;s about obama &apos;s october surprise , remember him talking about his october surprise ?
our country is eroded , our military is falling way behind , our healthcare and schools are dilapidated and all the liberal democratic idiots care about is flooding our country with foreigners .
coming from a current college student , i voted for thom tillis because i have a future i plan on fulfilling and with a senator that doesn &apos;t show up for work will not get us far .
i agree with you mike
keep it up , senator mccain .
but since they are guilty , he had no choice !
u are such a disgrace to sc
now senator ted cruz is visiting other states even in new hampshire ?
take out another $ 200 to pay their medicare supplement that the government forces them to buy , and they have nothing left !
and george w. bush didn &apos;t heed any warnings before 9 / 11 including several warnings from arizona fbi agent ken williams .
i can get glenn beck being too stupid to call things by their proper name , but a member of congress ? ? ?
you should have ads running all over arkansas highlighting what he is voting for !
why is congress allowing it .
he is a traitor and should be tried for it .
mr lindsay and mrs clinton , you are not americas answer .
please don &apos;t let john boehner pick another one of his allies to run for speaker .
a lot of conservative voters chose to not vote because of thst .
seems quite a few have been released under the obama and bush admins : http : / / www.closeguantanamo.org / prisoners does that mean quite a few were innocent ?
sooooooooooo , not following the constitution is how you plan to honor justice scalia ?
you are walking in the neat and orderly path that the republican establishment has laid out for you- using their talking points and parroting their agenda .
i would ship them all back and secure the border .
before anyone spends time running down the americans that are standing to do something about problem where our govt has turned its back on its own people i suggest that they spend some time with the land owners on the border .
very proud of you mr paul !
close the borders and no visas should be given carelessly .
if they r illegals they need to be deported and removed from our state .... it is still breaking the law being illegal .... enough said
you should have taken advice from senator sheheen on the flag issue !
impeach impeach impeach ! !
we need some changes but i know you are one of 435 so god bless you and keep up the good work !
so do your job and stop this man or arrest him and stop talking about it ! !
i agree with both tom &amp; jack .
honored to have you as our representative lee .
it &apos;s time to de-fund the epa !
he pretended to aspire to lincoln and all he does is dance &amp; sing .
betsy devos is a horrible and incompetent choice .
a point of price , congressman ?
we don &apos;t need illegal immigration system .
impeach the president pick anything for it the list is a mile long .
bruce for the first time in a very , very long time i feel truly represented by my representative .
he was told no and he just signs exutive orders .
want to see more of carly fiorina - liked what i heard !
your backing the ndaa was bad enuff and if you think taking our guns away is any better you are confused at what we georgians beleive what about your sworn oath to protect our constitution ndaa really ?
i feel this is a false flag and the rebels or others that wants the usa to get into this war did it .
you made that call because we let you know you have won your last sc election ! ! !
trey gowdy should be our next president .
why wasn &apos;t hussein the terror obama impeached ?
remember there is a big difference between electing conservatives and electing constitutionalists .
hes gonna do anything he wants as long as the sheople follow their shepard
all those tributes will be forgotten , once obama has control , unless you and your cohorts get rid of him .
why is he not impeached by now ?
free sen. paul .
good job giving away our tax dollars to private companies !
the beginning to the end of our freedom .
screw cain a flat lander who does not belong keep her politics from where she came ! ! !
stay strong and don &apos;t let obama and his gang of thieves steal anymore from the citizens .
he should go back to florida and then take a vacation in cuba so fidel can take care of him .
it is lyndsay graham et al &apos;s job .
keep leading , mia ! !
defund planned parenthood ! !
a great many americans will never take your patriotism seriously until you leave the republican party .
will we then get a clean bill to raise the debt ceiling ?
john linne , you are misinformed by fox and other conservative liars .
she has everything it takes to execute the duties of presidency , more so than any liberal or conservative .
sorry to say but at some point they will but it might be too late to do anything then !
if a 3rd party candidate appears on the horizon i will take that option very seriously .
i wish tennessee had senators and representatives like you and massie !
funny thing that the president is actually supposed to lead , huh ?
devos is unqualified for this job and we will all pay the price .
good show lindsey !
you have lost my vote ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
let me add that i &apos;d be very thankful if you &apos;d dutifully support the articles of impeachment prepared by the north american law center lest we lose - through the insidious pledge of &quot; fundamental transformation &quot; - all that makes us grateful in this great country !
a very special happy thanksgiving to you to trey gowdy and your family .
very foreign ideas for washington , dc .
so why did potus and his administration continue to lie to the american people for 2 weeks .
~ &quot; we have met the enemy and he is us ! &quot;
yes on ... economic stimulus , the wars , repealing funding for school-based health centers .
may god bless and keep you and yours as well
trey you are a true american patriot .
now we need gowdy in the supreme court !
i &apos;m sure the truth will finally come out , but , as usual , no one will do anything about it .
the gop in the senate raised a bill to allow obama to select the cuts , rather than his sequester .
obamacare was ruled unconstitutional
now lets get going on impeachment
when our politicians and our wh can become gun free of protecting our elected ... we will be safer then in history .
so why do we even have a government if he is going to veto everything they do ?
but the ones that would benefit from reduced epa regulations do .
at no time was the obama administration aware of what the obama administration was doing ...
send them packing now obama should &apos;ve never brought them over here
get the fair tax thru congress next year ! ! ! ! !
tom , what was the budget you had that allowed you to return the money ?
i do not like the direction our government has gone and think you are on the right track .
immigration is not broken it is just not enforced .
so gordon , now that the &quot; dictator &quot; in egypt is out , and the peacefully elected muslim brotherhood is in .
your vote for cloture just lost my vote mr isakson .
you did great marco ! ! !
the aca needed some improvement but the repeal instead of fixing is simply so the republicans can insult pres .
nobama care
unless the lord leads you your leadership will suffer .
exactly why it &apos;s impossible for a third party candidate to win .
and bo is illegal because of his ss .
get him impeached .
wish you were there making the decisions - god help us - still seems like a nightmare - we will keep praying for god &apos;s will -love you &amp; your wife senator mccain - keep up the good work - stay strong - keep speaking out - god hears .
i &apos;m tired of having a weak president that i can &apos;t believe much of what comes out of his mouth , the president cannot be trusted .
four americans were killed , including the us ambassador first time since 1976. this administration has stonewalled hidden and lied to american people .
i hope obama finally admits he has been in way over his head since day 1 and tells the world ( i quit ) !
you can say you are voting to proceed to hj res 59 all you want but you know it will do no good .
this is bad for america and congress will get the blame .
your prayers will stay with them as god watches over them .
why didn &apos;t obama order the american flag on the wh lowered to half mast ?
i &apos;m as small-government conservative as it gets , and these wars are niether conservative nor constitutional .
that is , if the dictator doesn &apos;t pull a last-minute emergency to declare martial law .
this man is doing all he can to destroy our nation !
how about a dr. ben carson / mia love ticket or visa versa ?
will idaho be able to over come this archaic thinking in the next election ?
why not just kill the entire patriot act ?
keep campaining mccain we need that 60 / 40 majority over that socialist / communist / marxist president of ours
finally paul ryan !
there will not be money coming back to this nation so don &apos;t spend it over there .
i wish you would have taken more interest in your job and that is to defend the constitution .
vote nooooooooooooooooo on devos .
i told him that you would just buck him off and that you were the sharpest poster on here .
you dont go to jail you pay a very small fine .
again , they proved they are cowards , un-principled &quot; leaders &quot; in caving to the worst tyrant this country has ever seen .
when people and yes i &apos;m talking about the people involved in the irs scandals which appear to be all democrats / liberals when you break the law god exposes it , especially when you target christians and honest people !
i have a feeling the one that said that has turned into a wacko bird himself .
way past time for a flat / fair tax ! !
drop the hammer bruce .
it &apos;s not just mexican that are crossing our borders .
… most of the groups &apos; money went towards boosting obama or attacking romney .
we cannot afford amnesty for 5 million people .
withdrawing funds through the cr will have the least impact on the people of this nation than continuing to fund obama care until it collapses .
as a sc teacher and a mom who has children who will be in the public school in the next few years , i beg you to please reconsider .
unfortunately , barrack doesn &apos;t give a hoot about our constitution !
from the beginning obama and holder claimed to have no knowledge of f &amp; f until after the story came out .
truth dave .
start impeachment preceedings against obama
paul ryan sucks .
you should not be fanning the flames of a non-existent fire , sir .
please don &apos;t ruin your reputation by supporting this wholly unqualified nominee .
hope it &apos;s not to late my brother !
oh come on george bush took us to war with a load of lies and nearly 5 thousand of our troops lost their lives , i believe you people must have hatched out of something , you talk a lot of sh.t.
run for potus mr gowdy
feds coming to towns and dictating acceptance of illegals .
rand , you are elected to do something about this .
why did you vote for a speaker that has funded obamacare at every opportunity ?
nixon was impeached over much less ...
currently , the president is at 47 percent approval .
keep at it tim !
isis is small and no match for our military !
since bo is called the &quot; anointed one &quot; .
representative lamborn , we did not hire you to vote with other proven conservatives to perpetuate a poor selection for speaker .
fact - the 20 b fund is under direction of obamas apointee .
marco , i like you but this is not a smart move .
dear senator portman , please vote no for the confirmation of devos as secretary of education because she is a proponent of charter schools .
yay you tell them lindsey ! !
no compromise on the debt ceiling .
caved to obama every time .
senator mccain , i had hoped that you would be the one to do the right thing when president obama made his nomination .
to all the establishment democrat &apos;s , the constitution is &apos; dead &apos; ... `but ! , &apos; the new world order , is very much alive .
i don &apos;t know what paul thompson &apos;s deal is , but he looks like one of those guys who doesn &apos;t know the 60 &apos;s are over .
trey is more of a man than most
the republican party has failed us once again .
obama doesn &apos;t care what you guys do .
hope you real republicans stand your ground ..... remember , never sell your soul or the people to the devil !
you &apos;re the problem mia .
o is a snake
tom , you &apos;re brilliant !
push for something that will have real impact on georgia citizens .
praise the lord for your ability to get the point across to the nation that socialism does not work and liberty does .
until we get our financial house in order i suggest you start with cutting off foreign aid especially to countries whose people hate us .
tom , i have been following your posts for a few weeks now and you make good points but every time i read one the same question pops into my head ... what are you doing about it ? ?
yea john our prayers are with you and your family .
it will be interesting to watch and see if you have the courage to do what the american people with the majority have asked .
you need to check out our history ! ! !
he continues to wage war with drones that kill 1000s of unarmed and innocent civilians that creates more enemies everyday .
rubio , you blew it with real floridians .
seal the border- then talk about amnesty .
do not go along with those who want to destroy our constitution , our souvernty and our country
this is patented unconstitutional and will end up in the supreme court .
mr. mccain is good on flipping on his word and has been a politician to long .
godspeed , senator marco rubio .
sir anything that brings accountability to the public schools i think is a good idea .
it is they who are the racist and haters .. the confederate battle flag was never an emblem of racist hate .. shame on you for failing at your responsibilities for which you were elected .. what next , plowing up our confederate cemeteries ?
&quot; when a government is dependent upon bankers for money , they and not the leaders of the government control the situation , since the hand that gives is above the hand that takes … money has no motherland ; financiers are without patriotism and without decency ; their sole object is gain . &quot;
we are praying for america !
he will bypass congress , as usual , and we will wind up in wwiii .... i think that &apos;s been his ultimate goal all along .....
you want to line the pockets of millionaires and billionaires like that spoilezd little boy , romney .
if only ronnie and margret could come back and smack y &apos;all upside the head and tell you to quit screwing this country ....
well rand , like most republicans apparently you didn &apos;t listen .
americans are being murdered by weapons this administration have given to our enemies .
devos is not qualified nor does she truly care about the future of our children .
they are the jury in an impeachment trial .
dam straight bruce i couldn &apos;t have said it any better , we didn &apos;t ask for them and most don &apos;t even want them .
get them out of washington
now stop the lawlessness of potus
i think we need to take the irs ( and maybe the fed too ? )
you too tim scott !
so paul ryan lied on greta &apos;s show tonight ?
to quote benjamin franklin &quot; those who would give up essential liberty , to purchase a little temporary safety , deserve neither liberty nor safety . &quot;
that brings jobs to the areas that congressman bob goodlatte actually represents and doesn &apos;t allow an energy company , that &apos;s primarily owned by an investment group , to hold us hostage like we have in the middle east .
i ask .... who are the real wacko birds ? ? ?
with all the laws he &apos;s broken , with all the things he &apos;s done , why hasn &apos;t he been impeached ?
he is preaching parties shouldnt bash each other , while he is simultaneously bashing the republican party .
tom , you also didn &apos;t mention that they advocate and spend tax dollars funding the murder of millions of unborn babies .
term limits , no perks , no retirement , no health insurance , no pork projects , time limit on welfare , food stamps and wic , no free phones and the list goes on .
this lesson is for john mccain as wellhttp : / / michellemalkin.com / 2013 / 04 / 26 / a-national-security-history-lesson-for-marco-rubio /
if u want to b re-elected i suggest for u not to support anything pertaining to obama care &amp; how to help the sorry people that do nothing to help themselves !
all the pork is what is buying off our parties votes for all of obamas &quot; changes &quot; !
the best he could do was say he went to the border and talked to the patrol .
we need fair and sane leaders like mccain to persuade congress to stand up against this monster .
is there not constitutional mandates / requirements / limits that , if ignored or exceeded , would and should result in his impeachment ?
i pray that god give you the strength and wisdom to do what is right for the people and to find a way to stem the tide of socialism , that has overtaken our nation .
block whoever he nominates
the biggest special interest in the tax code is the tax accountants and attorneys .
you have to forgive obama for he knows what he is not doing for america .
defund it ?
marco , time to delete !
what are you guys waiting to put this idiots out of business ?
rand paul 2020 ! ! ! !
why obama wasn &apos;t impeached some time ago , i have no idea .
i believe the irs scandal goes all the way up to the administration &apos;s top dog in the white house .
go titans , go marsha , and get outta town obama ! !
lucille , bush did get congressional approval , even bo voted to go to war .
i &apos;m asking that you do not support boehner as speaker of the house but instead vote for someone who stands for limited government and the american people .
we expect you to go to washington to do what you said you &apos;d do ..... fight big government , defeat obamacare , balance the budget .
trump violates trade embargo with cuba .
from a marco island woman and a democrat you go marco !
for godsake , vote no on cloture.stop obama care .
if only the us could have a pres with that conviction
just replace the idiots that are in charge now
and there are no grounds to impeach president obama , you imbecile .
thats because congress in their infinite wisdom legislated their authority to non-elected bureaucrats ; if congress wants the authority back , they need to repeal the legislation that gave it away ..
we need john boehner removed from his over lording gavel wielding position .
well spoken marco rubio !
god bless and keep you john mccain
do something about it mike !
john mccain is a pos
more truth about rubio , the republican party and our usurper-in-chief barry soetoro ( aka barack h. obama ) .
she is laughably unqualified for this position .
wish we had a few more like you , mike lee , ted cruz , and rand paul .
lindsey graham is a petty obstructionist jerk who is working for koch industries , not the american people !
you had a choice to support the constitution and existing laws , or the president .
why not have a town hall and talk to your constituents on these topics vs. voting along party lines ?
@ launchpad , there isn &apos;t enough support for impeachment .
i bless the people of this church and the people of charleston .
i have an idea if anyone in d.c. is willing to listen !
has anyone compared obamacare .
apoligize no ... you and mccain are killing the republican party .
do america a favor and stand on the railroad tracks with all your other rino traitors as the trump train is going to take you out .
the president is playing checkers and wants to be king &apos;d , while the gop is playing chess chasing check mate ...
why do you even try to pretend you are a conservative anymore ?
defund obamacare and shut down the irs !
you enjoy the job you &apos;ve been trusted to do , then begin cleaning the mess all you have created .
praying for you to win ! !
mr. olson , the only legislation regarding the epa that would please me would be a bill to abolish the epa !
how do we support u mia in this effort to get trey to majority leadership ?
mia i believe that you have a grasp of the big picture and what it will take to put things in order .
rand paul , just another grandstanding right wing tea party extemist .
she probably knows where the president really was when benghazi started
blake ... un-do the scrubbing the oic / muslim brotherhood of any mention of islamic jihad in ( ( ( all ) ) ) on our nations security forces ... and reinstate those like robert spencer .. then impeach / jail the commies for treason .... ps : when are you going to demand the christian scape goat be set free ? ...
mr. mccain believes that strengthening america can only be done by weakening russia and other countries around the globe as opposed to dealing with domestic structural problems in the society and economy .
mia you &apos;re right !
we should end the fed .
finally , work to file and execute articles of impeachment for benghazi , the nsa , irs , guantanamo bay , and the continued list .
while i agree with much of what you said here , senator sasse , i &apos;d like to respectfully ask that you and everyone else in the rest of the country please refrain from referring to &quot; washington &quot; and &quot; dc &quot; as the place that causes all of this country &apos;s problems .
then tell congress to stop stealing from these plans to support other spending .
if each state did their own flood control , it would simply be pushing it from one state to the next - get it out of south dakota and toss it into nebraska and iowa , etc .
do a write in vote for greg brannon
senator rob portman - please please think outside party lines .
why did you cut funding for diplomats ?
congress , in fact , has no constitutional authority at all with regard to approval of pipelines .
just want to let you know that south carolina appreciates very much having a senator like you .
keep it up , sir .
trey gowdy for attorney general 2017
drill babby drill
dave reichert who is an ex-sheriff , is in a position to bring a solution to this ongoing problem .
the government is spending an average of $ 10.1 billion a day .
praying for a win tonight !
marco , are you afraid of the establishment ?
i read an article that stated the o administration has given the ok to janet napolitano to buy 3,000 tanks .
counting on you tim !
please vote no , senator scott .
the gop could start by uniting and coming out against obama &apos;s lies .
you don &apos;t have the constitutional authority to regulate or deregulation , just get out of the way !
... i say ... let the nation split , if it must ... let the liberals live in the states that support this tyranical government , since they like it so much ... we do not need them or the current government ! !
can &apos;t wait until he is out of our house .
you say you have voted nearly 60 times against obamacare , then then why not 61. vote no on cloture .
demand term limits and stop welfare to illegals .
what do we have to do to make it just permanent , speaker of the house ted poe ? ?
please vote no on immigration
7. please vote against cloture on the hoeven amendment !
time limits will work for hagan one term and done -finished
i believe the only hope we have to save our nation from the destruction of this president is our fervent prayer .
mr. rubio &apos;s committee likely violated state law by failing to disclose $ 34,000 worth of expenses in 2003 and 2004 including a $ 7,000 payment to mr. rubio .
zero spending until a budget is passed .
i hear u and my dad go way back .
maintainiing a secure border and providing laws for legalization and citizenship are our history .
resign pussy
no debate don &apos;t give an inch or they will take a mile molon labe !
; speaker boehner is a joke , no one is doing a damned thing to stop him , no one !
all will be rewarded for each action .
obama is going to kill us , our army and national guard letting people in when our health care isn &apos;t up to standards .
conservative way of thinking : everyone who is able should have a job , bringing in more tax &apos;s revenue without raising tax &apos;s .
i agree obama should be impeached but more important is to keep focus on taking the senate and impeachment will stir up the dem base and distract the rep base and turn independents against you and all involved .
the whole tax system in northern kentucky is fowled up .
so wrong bob .
only news that tell the people the truth
vote for louis g , boot the cry baby loser boehner .
be honest , the government cannot vet them .
and if it isn &apos;t obama will just veto it ( i will give him props for that ) .
trey just exactly are you going to do that obama is running all over congress and you guys don &apos;t know how to stop him
happy birthday sen paul
we can &apos;t repeal without winning the white house .
where is roy blunt ? ? ?
no illegal alien amnesty &amp; no dream act for illegal foreigners.our immigration system is already reformed and it has been the law of the land for many decades .
concern of our disappearing liberty
5 balanced budget bills sent to the senate .
he shouldn &apos;t be allowed to stay as our potus as he is not an american citizen ! !
well , i voted for scott on nov . 8th , the first and last time !
sorry congressman brooks but congressman gohmert would have been an excellent choice .
he wants to take the citizens rights away under the false security claims ! ! !
or the government
not so fast listen to the people
enough if the john mccain crowd fight or surrender .
devos is the most unqualified person for this job .
i fully realize that it too might not get through the senate , but &quot; we the people &quot; want to see the exercise of principle by our representatives .
the traitors in the republican party had better get their priorities in place .
everybody wants somebody else to pay off the debt .
disappointed in you .. i guess better late than never ...
they aren &apos;t over here saving detroit or florida .
senator mike crapo i respect you decision and believe you are very wise to make this decision .
only if that family has a printing press for dollar bills in the basement ... and gains a good portion of its income from its own spending .
if obama proposed this 2 years ago , they would all vote the opposite .... except rand
people who say negative things about the removal of the confederate flag are out of sync with the healing process that has the best chance to succeed in decades .
we have a health care system operating in a free enterprise market , being obstructed by a government with marxist ideas .
with congressional approval in the lowest terms you obviously can see that the problem lies with knuckle headed conservatives playing obstructionist politics with the president all based on spite ! ! !
you must be talking about obama
god bless and keep you safe and stay strong ! ! !
if all the men up there that were elected by the people voted like the people wanted them too , you would be a large group capable of governing this country without fear of boehner .
4 ) his by = passing congress and releasing terrorists from gitmo is an impeachable offense , and must be employed in order to stop this lawless president dead in his tracks- and any who may follow .
rep. blackburn tried to argue that guns have nothing to do … http : / / www.politicususa.com / house-gop-congresswoman-argues-guns-school-shootings.html &#91; &#91; share &#93; &#93;
we do not want any immigration bill even proposed until we are guaranteed the borders are secure !
same here go rand paul
lindsey graham , you know we do not need all those illegal over here , we have no job &apos;s now , what is the matter with you voting on them to come over here and break our law &apos;s .
-congressman ted poe nobama 2012 ... the time is now ... a new president is &quot; how &quot; to restore this country to greatness again ! !
you need to change parties , because you act more like a demorat than a rino
will they ever cut spending ?
we can &apos;t impeach until we have the senate in nov ! !
jennifer it is not true that congress is exempted from obamacare .
we should not spend dollar 1 unless our national security is at stake .
when the ship is sinking , is no time to worry about the flag it &apos;s flying !
that does not have an irs agent who can decide my future , because she / he does not like my beliefs .
people who can &apos;t pay for insurance cant pay for obama care .
you sir are what is wrong with the republican party today .
i stand with wacko bird ! !
rand , my mom likes you and she lives in edmonton .
ronald reagan would never have backed this ! ! !
who invoked the no carry policy for the military ?
it &apos;s a good thing he vetoed it .
just send a clean bill and stop the games .
you voted to fund the amnesty program that is causing the incredible increase in human trafficing .
fox is great and the only news channel to watch .
defund them all , especially when it comes to the illegal immigrants .
now it &apos;s time to repeal obama !
mr. rubio has been criticized for giving preferential treatment to the dosal tobacco company .
god bless you ! !
defund planned parenthood ( they failed ) 6 . )
stephanie , the pres has no constitutional obligation to submit a budget .
i am very upset with your house of representatives that treated the obama admin .
nc voters , take note .
rand , now is the time for solutions .
paradise vern !
anyone who stands up to obummer is okay in my book .
scott , the fiscal cliff deal has nothing to do with social security or medicare .
did someone fail to inform them that oklahoma is a red state ?
i look forward to y &apos;all doing absolutely nothing about it while you shake your fists and complain .
obama has proved that we are not a nation of laws and the house and senate have proven they do not hold anyone accountable and ignore our laws as well in support of obama
if hillary gets elected , you &apos;re done congressman jason chaffetz ... you and all your buddies ... trey gowdy .. etc .... you &apos;ll end up in prison for something ! !
the filibuster was a way of the senate blancing power in the event the senate majority and president were not acting in the best interest of the country by requiring a 2 / 3 majority .
please stick to the fair and balanced media arena .
wow , great timely endorsement paul ... exactly when did you wake up ?
you have continued to disobey the will of your people and i pray you will have s worthy challenger for 2016 .
they think doing so would shut up conservatives and stop all the silly nonsense about cutting spending in a meaningful way . &quot;
• it is imperative that you continue to contact your congressman and ask him / her to vote no on the senate bill and the tan tax .
your vote is bought &amp; paid for by devos .
why don &apos;t they charge him with treason and arrest him ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
this is going to cost a lot of money , before he does what he pleases and he will , don &apos;t you guys control the purse strings ? ? ? ? ?
you sir are no better than the last has been you replaced .
while i oppose obama care , i think there is a more efficient way to go about the problem .
people oppose devos because she is unqualified for the position , has not even served on a public school board before .
our georgia reps are spineless robots !
shame on you for voting against the disabled rights treaty that was before the senate , mr. rubio .
he has hurt our nation more in six years than can be repaired in 50. he was sent to infiltrate the highest office in the land and infiltrate he has done .
i agree with trey gowdy
you have not held the line on spending .
look at eight years under reagan and another under bush .
tom , we truly appreciate your clarity of insight and honest communication .
we want our liberty back .
thank u james , praying for all the work u do .
with that , amnesty for illegals + obamacare = attack on american workers !
our constitutional democracy , the american liberty and freedoms is first and foremost .
shame obama shame
mr. jason chaffetz you went to that clown college byu .
have you guys in washington come to believe you are above us who voted you in office to represent us ?
cbo released a report stating that obamacare will destroy 2.3 million jobs and add $ 1 trillion to our deficit .
why is obama not arrested for high treason , giving arms to terrorists ?
stop siding with harry reid and vote no on cloture !
stopped to pray for you as i posted !
happy thanksgiving to you trey gowdy enjoy your day with your family !
viva rubio !
yes we are more than aware that you are blowing smoke that your dhs bill will stop his illegal immigration , he &apos;s already issued the visas and all of you knew that would happen .
he should have been removed long ago .
real conservatives should vote for gary johnson .
your taking way too long and it &apos;s probably going no where like always ... all talk
i believe our constitution states clearly what the common defense and general welfare is intended for ... the citizens of the united states .
and demand they send the ones they got back ...
white house documents also show that former president bill clinton issued six immigrant bans ; george w. bush six immigrant bans ; and former president ronald reagan four .
tom help get rid of all evil on the u s
quit giving money to our enemy &apos;s .
reagan was all for flat tax , no capital gains on the sale of our homes , no estate tax .
those same enemies who attacked us on 9-11-2001 and again on 9-11-2012. any other president would be impeached and held to criminal charges as a traitor to the constitutional republic called the united states of america .
&quot; make no mistake--we need conservative leadership in the white house . &quot;
evidence of the real motives of this administration have been coming to light since before the election .
oh i know &quot; we need to go on vacation &quot; !
james is a beloved brother of mine and i &apos;m definitely not ashamed of him .
he is hardly smeagle , that would be rand paul seeking the golden ring , which trump already has .
you and senator cruz our best hope and looks like our last stand .
the next terrorist attack with these syrians and our borders being wide open the blood will be on their hands , this is insane !
go with a 10 % flat tax .
luke 16 : 10 - whoever can be trusted with very little can also be trusted with much , and whoever is dishonest with very little will also be dishonest with much
but rand is one in a million .
we have this same president and boehner and republicans that will never work together no matter what the state of this country is in
this is stupid , they are spending money they do not have !
corker is a liar
in praying foir those in authority , we therefore lift up congress ( both the house of representatives and the senate ) .
i agree with sen. rubio on many things , but this issue i do not agree .
it does not matter what he says about the insurance losses , cause if he does not mandate to the insurance companies to pick up those people that have lost their insurance because of him , it will not do anyone any good .
hey do you realize how busy johnny is every day ?
you , sir , have proven your patriotism many times in the past .
i pray god &apos;s blessing and protection upon you and your family in the coming year .
we need a principled and compassionate conservative third party alternative that we , the people can be proud of !
this administration has set our healthcare insurance back not forward .
keep devos away from our kids .
or impeach him .
you need to vote &quot; no &quot; for devos .
praying for a speedy recovery and for god to surround you with his armour .
i just don &apos;t understand your support of mrs. devos .
lincoln county tn
we tried to prevent this excessive government spending 10 years ago ! .... http : / / news.antiwar.com / 2013 / 03 / 14 / iraq-war-could-cost-6-trillion / &#91; &#91; share &#93; &#93;
it &apos;s terrible if president obama gives out amnesty , but it &apos;s awesome that president reagan did .
obama is backwards on anything thats common sense for the good of america !
you got my vote rand !
you and the others must withstand the pressure you will face from the potus and the rino leadership .
why not continue to strip out each of the individual spending budgets and then send them on as smaller bills instead of one big spending bill .
harry reid &apos;s plan , would preserve america &apos;s aaa credit rating .
restoring our freedom requires a courage to confront the enemy who wears the same colors as we do .
mr. trey gowdy , , with all due respect , , is this going to take 20 yrs to complete , , , why haven &apos;t people been tried for obstruction and other crimes , , , tell us what the hold up is , , , those men deserve justice now , , not 20 yrs from now , , , ,
no to this immigration ... this president is not for the american people ! ! !
it was especially good to hear mr. obama acknowledge the exceptionalism of america .
obama do whatever he wanted .
this would give them an excuse to arrest or declare martial law !
thanks doug - it appears you and your cronies have once again placed the faithful federal government civil servants in a no-pay situation .
we can &apos;t do it at home , why should nobama be allowed to do it .
supporting candidates like rand is more important than ever .
his lack of integrity and accountability should have been enough to run him out of the political arena years ago .
too late paul ryan you are just to late , you &apos;re just corrupt and covering your tail , i &apos;ll never vote for you ever and i hope your time in politics is over .
he should have been impeached long ago and charged with several counts of treason .
government needs to live within their budget also .
read our lips : we are fed up with you people - all talk no action .
obama has had five years to secure the border .
rep. king - i read you want government out of your health care .
you &apos;re no more of a constitutionalist or conservative than i am , but in the end , rational conservatives should be extremely motivated to get out and vote trump rather than hand hillary and the libs 4 more years .
maybe they should be called traitors and not senators .
we conservatives didn &apos;t give you the majority once again for you to squander .
i voted for bruce because i thought he was different then the usual self serving polticians , i guess i was wrong , he is just another politician who is has one thing in mind , how he can serve himself and stay elected .
well good i.m glad but he will veto it if it comes to his desk
i will vote for mia love as the 2016 president .
hang in there johnny , i believe they may well descend yet
stand up to obama.repeal obamacare .
big admirer of you , mr. trey gowdy ; however , you really need to educate yourself on the muslim brotherhood !
john , you need to stop watching msnbc and stop calling ted poe a liar !
it sems to me that the veneer is off of the president at this point .
you have proven over and over that you are not conservative , you are a centrist .
lol fox
i do not understand how you can support trump and also support what dr. king stood for .
john mccain - where are you when your country needs you ?
i think you need to change your page to say lindsey graham ( d-sc )
do not abolish the epa .
we need more ppl like rand running for office ! !
stay focused don &apos;t be fooled stay the course
the idea that ron paul made a backroom deal with anyone , on anything , is laughable .
there probably won &apos;t be a future generation &apos; cause jesus is coming back real soon now , and anyone left after that deserves what they get .
he is so right we could be next obama wake up
it is up to all true americans to stand together and protect the constitution ! !
no plain and simple
are you going to stand with obama on this when he is decreasing what we paid into social security .
israel is geographically tiny- the arab world vast- in a nuke exchange israel disappears- just as the usa vs soviet union , mad will prevent iran from attacking israel- unless israel attacks them first .
i &apos;m praying for you congressman !
cut off all aid to our enemies
recall sen. john mccain &gt; sign the petition !
obama &apos;s regime has been a 3 ring circus and his executive orders are entirely out of line .
amen to that mr. rand paul
we &apos;ve been witnessing the taking down of america with bo and his ilk at the helm .
christie is a demotard shill and always has been .
tell turbo tax timmy no !
obama is not a terrorist .. neither is huma abadi end .
so it comes to mind that those who claim to be reagan small government conservatives and blame democrats for growing government are either lying to the american people or are themselves willfully ignorant . &quot;
yess reagan had a dream too .
you a traitor to the constitution and a traitor to the people .
no to obamacare , no to amnesty for illegals .
it is so obvious what he is up to .
advocating that the government has the right to impose such conditions on the woman and her body does not sound terribly conservative to me .
the wh occupant is doing everything to put our military in further jeopardy ! !
or worse yet put in jail until they do decide that telling the truth is a better way to go .
until this country turns back to the lord jesus christ , we are doomed !
i don &apos;t trust bo
protect the us constitution !
mccain can stay , but all the rest need to retire .
great job on fox tonight .
option b. as houston densifies , we are headed for gridlock .
and the very reason why i and many other republican voters are voting you for ?
let &apos;s get it done oklahoma state ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
just saw this and sorry for your loss scott .
even with all the noise , i heard ryan !
always watch mister gowdy our hero !
he joined the marines and was an &quot; illegal immigrant &quot; who died for your freedom !
no surrender tom mcclintock !
now we need to get the killer drones stopped !
please listen to all the hardworking teachers by voting no for devos !
i just loved the way rand mocked obama the other day and saying pass this bill , meaning the balanced budget ammendment .
please mr. mccain tell that to the nation
that is admirable but supporting higher taxes on the middle and lower classes with an internet tax is deplorable ...
and now trey you are doing a wonderful job searching for justice and fairness .
start impeachment proceedings also .
i get that south carolinians have standing to voice their opinions , specifically members of our congressional district .
and once the irs has our medical records the govt .
james we know he &apos;s crooked .
good job sen. paul , smart like your namesake .
praying for all of our leadership .
great work mr. paul .
send illegals home and reduce the highway load instantly .
do not forget one important thing no third party candidate has ever won the whitehouse .
praying that god will use you as an even greater statesman in the years to come .
he said he would freely give it back to straighten up this country both for his children and grandchildren .
otherwise , washington , adams , jefferson , lincoln and reagan !
what is obama going to think when isis gets a hold of his daughters ? ? ?
if the goverment cant fix this mess , the pay for all of them needs to stop !
i believe our government is using the greatest ponzi scheme in history and getting away with it !
chris blair , 517 million tax dollars to planned parenthood and we don &apos;t fund it ? ?
john , it &apos;s too bad you &apos;re just another rino .
maybe you should read the constitution again !
we have a broken political system not a broken immigration system .
yet another effort by your party to defund planned parenthood .
blame , blame , blame ... geeeeeeeze tom , get a life ... stop trying to get &quot; likes &quot; and start working on the problem .... doesn &apos;t anyone on here care ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
yes james i do to but i think it showed just how much respect the people at camp had for you but yes it was a bit over the top .. i &apos;m pulling for you and you have my vote .
amen , marco rubio
he is detained just because he is his father &apos;s son .
being on cnn , msnbc , abc , c-span and local kentucky programs will be just as necessary as fox .
ms. blackburn , why don &apos;t y &apos;all in the republican party take some &quot; personal responsibility &quot; for a change , recognize that y &apos;all own it and end the government shutdown so we don &apos;t have to worry about the vets not seeing the memorial .
obama &apos;s poor decision making is spreading like wildfire ... ps - defund aca
norbeck , an artesian well-driller -- i wonder what he would think about the insanity of allowing the likelihood of uranium mining leachings and the keystone pipeline permanently fouling the major aquifers of south dakota and the north american continent ?
that way we don &apos;t have to put up with any more crap like giving egypt jets and tanks and cash .
please fight obama &apos;s unilateral amnesty .
richard reid , whose 2001 attempt to blow up an airplane with explosives hidden in his shoes is the reason we still have to stand barefoot in the tsa line more than 15 years later , was born in the uk to a white english mother and a mixed-race jamaican immigrant father .
no money for them and don &apos;t give a penny to obamacare !
no arms for our enemies
mr. alexander , i implore you to go home to blount county and talk to the people on the front lines of public education .
really rand what do u stand for
it &apos;s that pesky constitution thing strikes again .
meanwhile the koch brothers are buying up the conservative vote to get more tax breaks and deregulation .
he does not represent the true values of sc conservatives .
no , it was the military industrial complex that lied to bush .
anyone would support the govt shutdown if it had no effect on them and their paychecks !
the government spending is out of control .
that the true conservatives in several red states would consider recalling or &apos; primary-ing &apos; their own republican senate member is understandable , justifiable and entirely predictable .
a key responsibility of state officials is to protect our sovereignty , is it true that governor steven beshear is saying that if obamacare is not overturned , he will betray his duty and submissively comply with the dictates of the law ?
you &apos;re a bungling pathetic loser for giving away the farm on illegal amnesty yesterday .
so disappointed in all the rinos compromising by sending this bill forward .
if you support those who are in direct opposition to god &apos;s law , you are just as quilty as they are .
quite evident senator mccain didn &apos;t even read the bill .
thanks scott
tom , the usurper needs to be impeached or face charges for treason on a number of counts .
he has gotten away with too much lawlessness while congress does nothing !
yes you rand paul are nothing but a homeland terrorist !
i still support marco rubio .
seems to me all the members of congress should already be well versed on the constitution .
it will be nice to see if you stand up for our 2nd amendment rights or follow you leadership and vote to deny them .
speak up and out for us and our rights and the fact that our government is doing way too much !
repeal but must replace with an alternative or it will go nowhere !
do not back down , demand that barry and harry stop holding america hostage ! ! !
it is now time princess lindsey to sprinkle your fairy dust and disappear .
i know by the way you looked on the msnbc video ron paul addresses supporters that you were hit hard by it .
our potus needs to step down now !
i &apos;m starting to believe you &apos;re part of the establishment ... especially after your endorsement of rubio !
we should have never caved .
he decided to move the goal posts and ask for more tax hikes to avert the sequester instead of honoring his promise to cut spending .
shut up about ted cruz we like him .
nobody can just ignore the constitution .
why rand paul turning out to be a neocon sellout ( endorsing romney ) is actually good news .
trey gowdy , what should be our next move as citizens ?
again , we have to do everything we can to keep our congress ( state and dc ) , our senator dean heller and do everything we can to keep acorn from re-electing obama
defund nsa and half of military spending before you defund obamacare .
if it wasn &apos;t for this freedom , we could all still be catholics instead of being to choose .
so , mr. poe .. i respectfully suggest that you and the other public servants serve the public and impeach this president ! ! ! !
we obviously have no qualifications for the job except republican and rich .
well if we just got rid of the government and turn things back to the states we wouldn &apos;t have a big tax hungry federal government .
vote no funding for obamacare , vote no cloture , stand your ground , hear our voices !
just a reminder ... mr rubio is not new to the process ; he has been an elected official and made legislative decisions that were questioned by many .... he does not remind others of his service ; he tends to want them to forget he is not new
boehner keeps giving that control away to obama and the senate , he needs replaced as speaker and soon .
good luck mitch
i honestly believe that if the liberal media reported the truth about 2nd and 3rd term abortions most of the country would be against this .
shutting down the government should not be a priority .
assad is not a dictator not a terrorist .
seneca sc .
paul ryan should have said this months ago !
the spitefulness of this president and harry reid is unprecedented .
lil &apos; marco please stop drinking and tweeting --lol
if i had any faith in the electorate , i &apos;d be all in for a 3rd party candidate , however , i think it &apos;s too late this year .
what did you do to make obama mad - which would be why he would send them to sc
hamas is setting up the citizens of gaza by drawing them to areas it wants israel to target .
the american people will not stand for such a betrayal of those who stepped up for all of us that day , we demand that you sign and permanently fund the zadroga act ! ! !
hope you don &apos;t change your mind like you did when you voted for boehner .
if only congress had the guts to stop him !
six counties in south dakota are designated as the worst econonmically challneged in the whole of the united states yet we don &apos;t harp on or look for shared solutions to the hardships of those in 85 % unemployment , where is the humanity over politics ?
you will be a slave to the government debt machine $ $ $ $
houston should not drag on this issue much longer .
you need to be charged with treason .
stay wacko rand ... : )
it &apos;s now up to congress to show some ( hopefully ) non-partisan backbone and serve as the check / balance they were designed to be by the constitution .
hey larry mcvey , nobody can hurt america &apos;s security worse than holder or obama already has .
now your going after movies ... hey johnny , you &apos;ve lost your mind !
lindsey , thanks for looking out for sc and bruce amen to your comment .
obama will do nothing meaningful , just a news stunt , restore our military from all the units that were decommisioned by obummer and give the marines planes that can actually fire weapons for combat !
obama is truly the enemy within in mine &amp; many others opinion .
for too long establishment politicians say what they know we want to hear and then do the polar opposite of their promises once they are in office .
prayers are with you &amp; yours from georgia
michael martin with the obama administration the constitution needs all the help it can get .
by your numbers listed above , does that mean 268,000 + wyoming residents do not have insurance ?
- senator mitch mcconnell , senate gop leader .
i disagree with you and i am a constituent who is now committed to working to change who represents georgia in the next set of elections .
and they wonder why the tax code is so complicated ... because the idiots keep adding to it instead of actually fixing it .
do you realize reagan and bush during their rescission &apos;s public jobs went up 3 % .
rand paul for 2016 ! ! ! ! !
neither party stands on principles that this country was formed on .
but mayor love , i thought you weren &apos;t a true fiscal conservative ; ) / sarcasm
rinos need to disappear !
lindsey graham is wrong .
well do i need to tell you senator paul who the elites are on the senate armed forces committee and foreign relations committee ?
no leader of ours should act like a dictator .
also senator scott , please know the &quot; see a shrink ; lose your guns &quot; sellout is even worse than the feinstein gun ban .
when the country started sliding into poverty and health care was almost mill it was not the abc that step up to help it was cuba that sent it &apos;s finest as volunteers to the rescue
amnesty is worst , not obama care .
mr. president , why did we go to war in libya ?
look , foreign aid is nothing more than payoffs to other countries in order to influence their leaders and regimes ... let &apos;s keep our money and ourselves at home .....
you should be ashamed of yourself lynn .
if christie praised the obama administration &apos;s foreign policy he has no knowledge of foreign affairs and should disqualify himself from any presidential aspirations !
i did not call our senator , surely by now he knows all that obama and them have been doing that has been wrong .
nicely said , dr. paul !
john talks a good game , but he isn &apos;t usually able to carry through with his principles .
these votes you and your allies waste taxpayer money on knowing the senate gop won &apos;t take them up disgust us , and hopefully will contribute to your defeat next time around .
by the way telling the u.n. that the nation with the strongest army and economy will not dominate reverses the ragan philosophy which ended the cold war and has deter our enemies for 2 decades , is a extremely idiotic move on obama &apos;s part .
tom cole is a huge disappointment and i am embarrassed that i voted for him and never will again .
do your job , senator ... read our constitution !
i agree with the opinion of joana wolfarth the constitution is written for the citizens of this country .
may god bless you and your baby and help see you thru thius difficult time , love and prayers to you and your family&apos;
please answer why , in an effort to secure tax extensions , obama &amp; mcconnell included a 2 % payroll tax holiday to be taken directly from social security .
well congress { gop } fled washington again without doing anything .
stop giving our hard earned money to those radicals countries that just want to use the money for their own pocket and trained their people to go after americans .
it just proves he is a traitor !
the congressman on the hill
don &apos;t dish it out if you can &apos;t handle it !
because our president is an idiot
another stupid obama policy
tell them to read the immigration law that is in the book .
iran is also an islamic state that has been perpetrating heinous crimes since its &quot; islamic revolution &quot; in 1979. now obama wants iran to not only have nukes , but also the means to enrich fissionable material and icbms .
forget vetting , don &apos;t let them in period !
god bless you-from one cuban to another .
oh wait , because you are eat up with political correctness and cannot stand the truth !
obama has been the potus for 3 years , sir , you have been there for 35 ...
we expect our republican senators to stand up and push hard against liberal principles at every turn .
we need aggressive conservative leadership not more establishment leaders !
go get him mia love
flat tax please !
don &apos;t forget the illegals amnesty bill that will give illegals more work rights than americans .
close them now
also stop giving money away to other countries we don &apos;t have it to give .
he gets everything he wants handed to him .
rand paul makes absolutely no sense.he is a lying lunatic and doesn &apos;t know the truth .
devos is completely unqualified for this position , and your voting constituents are telling you they don &apos;t want her .
i had hopes of a change of heart from you mr. graham
in my personal opinion senator ted cruz and sarah palin should stick too their fairytale book .
no , no , no , she is not qualified for this position .
all due respect , but no sale , sir .
this arrogant man could be dangerous if he does not get his own way .
we just need to repeal the government .
i dont care what excuse the president comes up with for making a strike , your constituents oppose it .
i &apos;ve been praying over this .
i pray god will move on the president to not veto .
unfortunately , too little too late !
rep poe , enjoy your job for the next 14 months cause come next election - you are fired !
hey flake , funny you are avoiding the fact you and your monkey master mccain screwed over all your veteran constituents !
not a conservative either .
we the people demand all of obama &apos;s sealed records be unsealed in light of the fact he sided with known terrorists and he is now suspected of being one himself !
they didn &apos;t create obama care but they may have to live with it - note florida and arizona have a lot of retirees .
well if we go bankrupt obama will probably blame the republican &apos;s
it &apos;s about to get to late for standing republicans in the u.s. senate and house .
i waiting to see how removing a flag from a war memorial is going to solve all the ills it is said said to represent .
agree with you , trey gowdy .
yep utah is the best !
may god bless you alway , and rap his arms around you and comfort you .
rand paul is a good christian man and the reason liberals can &apos;t stand him is because he actually has morals unlike them .
the first step is impeachment !
i also follow rep. mia b. love , who is not afraid to speak out for this country .
i didn &apos;t say marsha was political .
trey gowdy needs to have a wallet that says bad mofo on it .
how much does paul ryan &apos;s budget plan cut in fy 2012 ?
that was all commenced under the bush administration and led by the bush dept .
in fact , desperate central american parents are exploiting separate legal loopholes in american border security passed before obama took office .
please stand strong against obamacare , keeping fighting it and sign every piece of legislation you can against it !
if can learn how to operate on a brain he can certainly figure out the mess he has been left .
seriously , he is destroying our country , he wants us divided , he wants to go against the constitution of the united states !
no refugees in south carolina ! !
we say no , hell no
praying you succeed , capt higgins !
bill , better a libertarian than a liberal .
sorry our pres doesn &apos;t lead us now - except to the poor house
nooooooooo authority ! !
@ thom dean how about you fix your flag .
semper fi my friend ...
the truth is obvious ... actlion us next douglas e graham
that means that your job is to vote &quot; no &quot; on the cloture vote , which means that you , like ted cruz and mike lee , will be doing your part to stop obama care .
presidents are politicians and all politicians are known and pretty much expected to manipulate the truth , if not outright lie , but even using that low standard , the obama &apos;s have taken lies , dishonesty , deceit , mendacity , subterfuge and obfuscation to new depths .
economy , immigration ( not border security !
i was wondering if you had a copy of today &apos;s cherryville town hall meeting ?
i got money to bet that carnahan would vote against such an amendment !
it has no brain , no brain activity , no organs , no heart , no blood of its own and no awareness .
don &apos;t lose heart james .
and also , how about a town hall meeting ?
we will loose more than what is listed if obamacare stays in affect .
thats why im voting for trump or cruz
we don &apos;t have an immigration national security crisis ; stop blaming immigrants !
i will pray for you !
what is so impossibly wrong with free public education that the only fix is to get rid of it because that &apos;s what you are advocating by voting for betsy devos .
according to ted cruz what you have just put forth in this statement is nothing but bs ! ! !
you and lindsey can bite off
mr alexander , a group of us met at your office where your aid assured us you would not repeal the aca without replacement .
you rock mr. paul !
i am no loger going to support the republican party libertarian all the way for me now
so john will you stand up agains oboma this time or just set back again
john boehner has had this clean cr on his desk since september 30th , before the shutdown , but he has refused to allow an up or down vote on it .
cause any where the us wont give foreign help , someone else will .
may god bless you for he has already blessed us the american people with you 💞
paul for the constitution 2016
tell the epa to stand down or else .
they should also oppose the dream act , reduced to instate tuition and require e-verify plus oppose all forms of amnesty .
repeal obummercare .
ward franki .... we had the chance to in nov and too many &apos; republicans &apos; / &apos; conservatives &apos; decided they would rather see 0bama back in than vote for romney .
hang tough luke .... fight the obama curse ! ! ! !
i don &apos;t dislike pres obama but you have to step up to the plate as the commander in chief .
you sir are a traitor .
but our president doesn &apos;t want to either .
repeal obamacare and eliminate the 12,000 irs personell who will be collecting the taxes for it .
then they re-elected that do-nothing incompetent speaker .
cant stand it when people catch a few fish .. dont u guys have something else to worry about like all the money you waste ! ! !
lindsey , i am in 100 % agreement with you .
time and time again , house speaker john boehner has betrayed us – the american people – and now he has conspired with obama and harry reid to throw us under the &quot; cromnibus &quot; that includes $ 1.1 trillion in new spending through fiscal year 2015 – including funds for obama &apos;s unlawful amnesty !
the flat tax is the right tax .
he will destroy our whole country before he gets out of office sharia law will come .
fiorina , dr carson , rubio and walker .
also egypt get 250 m of money we borrowed to give them ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
this has nothing to do with truth , it has only to do with selling your party &apos;s lies .
i love jesus christ .
i &apos;ll stand for rand from the seat of the revolution .
congress has and continues to purposely ignore tyrant obama &apos;s disregard for our constitution and laws .
he &apos;s a breath of fresh air and we need to keep him and others like him in prayer , as well as praying for the current administration .
and how incompetent obummer is !
praying for you and the entire family .
uh , numero uno , the obama administration gave them the most recent pass , but the well was already stared , they take a couple of months to drill .
oppose , where do i begin , just vote no
we are not a socialist country ......... yet !
you do realize you &apos;re not a republican anymore .
it was john roberts vote writing it was constitutional because he called it a tax .
this isn &apos;t liberty .
the politicians say things such as mr. mcclintock says and , while it is indeed true , they do nothing to stop it .
i am willing to see a income tax increase in january to assure that by february the r &apos;s will have to agree to the d &apos;s tax bill .
saw you on fox and friends.keep up the alarm about obaa broke his own healthcare plan .
the demorats are now wanting congress to vote on &quot; new supreme court judges ) and demand that congress vote on them now so they can fill the positions with demorat judges .
trey - you are a honorable man and i hope you will continue to fight for the laws of our country - great job keep it up .
while i believe everybody has concerns , it is my view that the &quot; war on terror &quot; which the current administration fails to see as a real war is the main issue of the day and mr. obama and kay hagan have failed to secure our borders .
i called your office this morning to urge you to vote against john boehner for speaker .
well , we don &apos;t need them anyway but do you just automatically take the opposite view of republicans in this , case # 1011 , rand paul .
listen we need the senate n congress to speed up .. plz get on board stop the liberal agenda .
ryan / rubio 2016 with speaker of the house trey gowdy .
obama supported facist president morsi and we toppled morsi down by peacefull demonstrations .
god bless .. more prayers coming
are we not supporting them enough financially , where is all our tax $ $ we send these countries being spent ?
now what are you and the rest of congress going to do about it ? !
rep. king , ( r-ny ) has demanded the resignation of u.n. ambassador rice in the wake of the benghazi attack .
may god bless you and your efforts .
something great to god is in store .
i agree whole heartedly , tom but that man wouldn &apos;t survive the plane trip home .
led by obama and reid that refused negotiations .
me : terina reagan alves &quot; in the wiemar republic those that questioned their government were called alarmist .
no more raising the debt ceiling , let &apos;s instead lower the entitlement population !
after the feds attacked the bundy family in nevada and we had to call the militia to protect them from gov thugs , how long until we are voting with our bullets ?
you should have brought the party together months ago .
he will probably wait until after the elections and after the military is discharged from active duty .
i will never support christie for anything !
not exactly a spending cut is it ?
marco get ready 2016 you may be our own hope !
pass a balanced budget law .
obama writes his &quot; own constitution &quot; and shoves it down our american throats .
by the way , paul ryan is awful , a traitor &amp; because of him the gop will be no longer
obama care is wrong , unconstitutional , and a lie .
johnny , please oppose ! ! !
fair tax and eliminate obamacare
senate will vote down and president will use veto
if there is no debt ceiling increase , obama cannot spend .
the house offered the senate a cr to run the government without the aca -what was wrong with that ?
south carolina was a landslide victory for trump .
cause harry reid is to busy damaging others lives to play politics while obama goes golfing
prayers for the scott family
i hope it is not necessary to bloody the socialist demons nose to return our nation back to the constitutional rights to be free .
he is a godly man who stands up for our freedom and liberty ! !
he has got to stop spending money we just do not have !
small government and personal liberty .
the people of florida voted 4 donald trump .
go rand go .. president 2016
the fact that he apologizes for them being late is beyond awesome .
they are in god &apos;s army now
proud of our guy in sc .
yes , there are millions of patriotic americans who agree with you and we are standing up in support of you and the other fiscally responsible folks elected to our house nov . 2010 .
it &apos;s unconstitutional and citizens are fed up !
so can we have confidence you will co-sponsor your georgia colleague &apos;s , david perdue &apos;s , legislation for term limits ?
go trey go .
unless this has been addressed how can the american people trust any part of our leaders .
support a deal allowing the free worlds worst enemy to have and hold nukes to end the free world !
thanks and god bless !
dear rand , the nsa already invades my privacy as if this were nazi germany .
really sir , it is not very becoming or professional .
i still can &apos;t get over rand endorsing a stoog like romney .
just remember when voting for the speaker , boehner has to go !
mccain needs to retire ....
don &apos;t let the wh bully you and the supporters or our constitution !
god bless you trey gowdy , you &apos;re one in a million .
it took 60 years to overhaul the american health act , if you repeal it how long will it take for the republicans to get along with the democrates or vice versa to take up the subject again .
praise god that is awesome
i finally agree with a paul ryan statement
we have a bunch of spineless politicians who don &apos;t want to rock obama &apos;s boat , but they don &apos;t want their constituents to be upset with them .
want em gone , vote em out !
but you know as well as i that obama and blm are going to battle till the very end .
this nation needs to wake up to righteousness and turn to the love and grace of god and start tithing and giving god what is his there isn &apos;t any other way and put godly leaders in office
now i remember why i supported wil armstrong against you .... you claim to be a conservative but yet you support obama &apos;s illegal agenda when it comes to &quot; dreamers &quot; .
libertarians advocate freedom and uphold the fundamentals of our constitution .
i &apos;m not stupid enough to see where returning gitmo is a good idea .
send kerry and obama in first .
i do think liberals and conservatives can get behind term limits and stop the cronyism that comes with entrenched politicians .
we the people , via the states &apos; ratification of the constitution , created the federal government , only the states and the people have the authority to make those decisions .
richard yaun graham is another piece of garbage !
you should have been here months ago !
the best way to respond to grahm and mccain is to not respond at all .
a great day , for &quot; real &quot; americans , that believe in our constitution &amp; christian based morals ! ! !
mia , i think all real conservatives should join the constitution party , like i did .
i think that deal with cuba would be more liberating to its economy and it would benefit both cuba and the united states .
am sure our congressman will vote against epa and for 60,000 more people who live in central appalachia to get cancer .....
barry wants a total meltdown .
the constitution !
hurry and finish north and south freeway .
this is not what our founding father &apos;s had in mind !
mccain will make politicians happy because he will keep the bar set as low as it has been for eight years until we can &apos;t remember what a good president does .
god bless you johnny isakson .
amen bob
i will pray for you to the only true living god jesus christ our lord and savior .
he told me he had to cut back his staff .... we had to cut back our food bill ...
will obama take responsibilty for the ecconomy during the next 4 years or will he continue to blame bush ?
people are watching what your vote will be hope you come to your senses and stand with ted cruz and the american people .
john mccain , america &apos;s president , in my heart !
the az law is a violation of the constitution .
i expect you to vote against john boehner being the house majority leader tim .
reforming the tax code is a tougher one but go for it !
senator thune , hope they win for you .
i know of at least 50 of your constituents who will no longer support the republican party .
to think the irs will have a key role with obamacare makes me nauseous !
and they call him a traitor !
i remember castro coming to power .
way to go tim scott ! ! !
iranian &quot; deal &quot; is treason ! !
the sooner that you guys can get to the truth the sooner the american people can decide about our leadership in america and vote for the change that we so desperately need .
we are voting again this year .. and we are working hard to get all our conservative high-brows up off their couches , and back in the ring , voting , too .
&gt; dave ... i wish what you are saying is true ... but rand will not lose in the midterms ... he will get a huge lift from this ... its why he did his little grandstand ... the only reason why he did it
when gas prices spiked during the bush administration , fox news commentators went out of their way to point out that the president has no control over the cost of gasoline ?
the worst part about it is that i don &apos;t think you actually believe that betsy devos was qualified for the position .
unless god intervenes we have just given any hope of our children &amp; any future generations ever appreciating debt free living .
all is well as long as we get a conservative in the speakers position ... your vote will weigh heavy in my support for you in the 2016 election !
but what is johnny boy going to do to make sure he does that ?
then the constitution must be changed .
repeal obamacare an no amnesty for illegals .
ummm , i don &apos;t think that you are respecting the perspective of senator rubio who knows of the oppression and brutality of the cuban regime--and they have changed ?
mccain needs to retire and pass on to the next hell .
we will continue praying for you
congressman gowdy you just keep on doing what you are doing we the people are with you !
this is oklahoma we have first hand information on how inept he is .
if obamacare had any hope of helping the american people , that would be one thing .
what about the states that have no sales tax ?
if i could spend my way out of debt my kids would have a much better christmas !
when are we going to cut from the social welfare programs instead of gutting our national defense ?
sending &lt; 3 and prayers to senator tim scott and his family ....
has anyone reported that jail time was threatened by obama , or is this just what your imagination came up with ?
there is no compromise on this !
rubio to iowa , for fundraiser for gov branstad ... go marco , the kick off ...
john mccain is an establishment sell out .. retire now
killing ranchers for standing up forthe constitution !
you and mccain officially jumped the shark today .
sen. scott , i live the times of mlk and feel he would be very proud of you , your character and your accomplishments .
brown : is this the scandal that will bring obama down ?
we need you to put our nation first and not the ideals of the republican party .
evil from within this nation is responsible for the millions of unborn who have been murdered .
so if you replace it will also fail .
i will miss jim demint in his office , but he did many years of good for south carolina .
congressman bruce poliquin for maine .... let pelosi screw up somebody else &apos;s business !
shut this dictator down ! !
beat the establishment
he knew exactly what he was doing all along and led us to the slaughter and our reps let him .
i think you are missing the big picture here paul ryan , america has spoken and we are fed up with same ol &apos; same ol &apos; republican and democratic failed policies alike .
the fourth amendment ( amendment iv ) to the united states constitution is the part of the bill of rights which guards against unreasonable searches and seizures , along with requiring any warrant to be judicially sanctioned and supported by probable cause .
it has nothing to do with permanent immigration or citizenship , it has nothing to do with refugees .
i hope it won &apos;t be too late .
keep cutting ... i &apos;ll give you ideas if you run out of where to cut
we need men like you to speak for the founding fathers and true americans all across the country .
if this is an attempt to direct attention away from benghazi the administration has failed miserably .
obama gets over $ 2 trillion to spend before the 2012 election there are no real spending cuts there is a massive tax increase effective january 1 , 2013
remove your head from your a $ $ and stand up for the constitution !
rand paus is a disgrace .
i think he is holding the ace in the hole because the republican party is scared of him ! ! ! ! ! !
when their is a &quot; budget &quot; everyone is supposed to be practicing , not 1 entity spending &amp; the others not !
the epa is killing businesses in this country !
you stated , &quot; from its inception , the core principles of the republican party have been individual freedom and constitutionally limited government ... &quot; i have one former republican who increased the powers of the federal government , abraham lilncoln .
so called existing republican leadership needs to go ..... he &apos;s deserted the people that put him in office .
we can pray for our nation .
his resignation , or maybe he will come out of the closet
we do not know what went on behind the sanfords closed doors , he may have had a reason to cheat .
god bless all of the veterans , those who died for our freedom and the ones now serving our country .
impeach obama and others who are not upholding the laws of our constitution .
ms. devos is simply not qualified for this position .
good luck james hope u win
yes sir you need to take to the floor of the house and demand accountability and what committee has oversight of their spending ?
he is trying to neutralize the free press and then there will be no group to report on his actions .
come on now ... wtf , obama needs to go ............ spend spend spend .............. swine waste management ........... are you shitting me .... lol
i guess if he would of been looking out his window that day , seeing the twin towers ( which are in new york ) , he could of yelled , &quot; no dont do that &quot; and the plane would of just truned around .
he just wants to hurt america and its ppl .
most people who are being paid by the people feel they are above the law and flaunt their power by rescinding our freedoms and rights previously guaranteed by the constitution and bill of rights .
a vote for boehner is a vote for the continuation of the anti-america regime by the dictator .
i likesenpail but i disagree with him on cuba
if he signs the un arms treaty , by the way , he will have bypassed congressional opinion and basically gave you and all your colleagues the finger .
they told reporters in cairo that failing to release muslim brotherhood prisoners would be &quot; a huge mistake . &quot;
good luck to you mia , we are all counting on you !
you are absolutely right , senator mccain .
no ileana .
all u guys that want the flag to remain ... come out the closet .. please !
when he lies , he speaks out of his own character , for he is a liar and the father of lies .
i am pleased to see that my representative in congress is doing something to reign in the federal governments unlawful and unconstitutional behavior .
if one visualizes an irs agent getting arrested by the county sheriff because the agent tried to enforce obamacare , the visualization would be correct .
i was discussing greg harper and his crew .
mr. poe , if there was anybody in washington i could trust , it is you .
woman if i believed for one second that this would end the bigotry and hatred and all the social injustices of south carolina i would be there asap nano second and remove it myself even it is against the law .
would like to see a town hall preannounced .
you idiots act like politicians aren &apos;t supposed to have a personal life and are not allowed to like or watch football .
i &apos;m praying that they root out the corruption , fraud , and waste .
mccain is just salty he couldn &apos;t run a campaign as well as trump and he has done nothing but try and divide the republican party .
another terrorist attack on american soil .
now get with marino , toomey and other patriot congressmen / women and bring treason charges against obama , biden &amp; others who didn &apos;t send help in benghazi so our active military won &apos;t be removed as the # 1 military in the world ! !
in 2 weeks time we have lost our standing in the world !
mia congress needs you to initiate change and positive attitude ......... love you girl ! ! !
wasn &apos;t this exemplified in the debt ceiling aftermath .
unfortunately though bill , the house will never impeach him over this and if they do the senate will not remove him from office for violating the laws of the united states .
garland was highly qualified too .... and the president was elected for another 4 year term ... not a 3 year term ... right ? ! ?
most americans think this consumer agency is food when it is another govt power grab .
like it or not this falls on the republican party , not the president .
take a look at coburn &apos;s proposal &quot; back in the black &quot; and keep pushing for rand paul &apos;s budget .
requesting you to not repeal the aca , but fix or restructure .
do like he did stand up for america &amp; the constitution !
.. you say you are conservative .
so i appreciate the concept that we should not force taxpayers to fund this barbaric practice , but in addition , we don &apos;t want anybody else to fund it either !
let him veto and be a fool all he likes .
you are not and never will be the party of the majority of the american people .
if he does , congress must impeach him out .
i like this , but sure hated your vote on omnibus .. wish you would make up your which side you are on .
conservatives don &apos;t want a &quot; nanny state &quot; when they want obama et al to stop their social engineering and socialist agenda .
do all that you can tom cotton !
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- republican sequester alternative – cloture - vote rejected ( 38-62 ) the last day of february saw both parties in the senate make a show of attempting to avert the budget sequester that went into effect the next day .
remember everyone and you also senator isakson you are exempt from what you just did to us - the american people .
get the muslim obama out of office before he kills us and our children and grandchildren ! ! !
take paul ryan with you .
bunch of crooks throw them all out except for maybe a handful that being 5 of them
isn &apos;t it a little late for that ?
mia , please consider running for president ! !
you have finally got a conservative thought .
oh i talked to rob maness and he is vitter replacement
move immediately to make permanent the bush tax cuts .
reagan and george w
go rand ... even up here in oregon ... we are with ya !
well , they &apos;re certainly not going to use any of it for border security , so i can &apos;t see what they would use it for other than to go after u.s. citizens on u.s. soil after the drones have done their part .
alas , the republican flag is now the white flag of surrender .
no infringement means no infringement !
i think your dad is a very special man with loads of integrity and honesty - a true patriot .
hagan is bad for tarheels .
lisa , you hold the old line rino thinking .
the tea party was gutted of its true base and replaced with talking heads like herman cain and newt gingrich ,
obamacare has been approved by all three branches of government - it is the law of the land .
nice how you are all for conservative values .
jeff the central command and control federal govt of obama is what the founders warned us about .
the lack of support the republican party has shown their candidate is why the american people are pushing for major change .
senator , you should probably listen to his remarks and not through 3rd party reports .
mr reagan proves it easily - that &apos;s all about making america a communist country , another soviet union .
well , sen. paul it is a big loss for texas as david dewhurst wasa the best candidate and i will work to defeat ted cruz in november and will vote for the democrat .
flake is nothing more than mccains mini me - johnny in training .
president obama is not the first president to use an executive order .
3. find out who their opposition is and vote for or support the most conservative choice .
your resignation marsha , nothing more , nothing less .
wow a red flag the first time .
we also need a congress to stand up to him !
mr. gowdy , i have the utmost respect for you , jordan , lee , and cruz .
yet you , along with marco rubio , support an amnesty and path to citizenship for illegal aliens .
well quit playing the war of words and impeach him
let your people of south carolina eat cake ..... karma ! ! !
and what is your solution for the 400,000 south carolinians with no insurance filling up the emergency rooms ? ? ?
sure its all stuff thats a generation or two behind what we have if not then no
you call your self a conservative , a freedom loving american but yet you and your fellow congressman do absolutely nothing when it comes to defending american civil rights and liberties if someone names the illegal act national security or tribal sovereignty !
thanks for the update--keep up the good work and do not give in the moderate rino .
another one thrown under the obama bus .
third , congress needs to leave our retirement monies alone .
next time , sir !
next attack on our soil
they believe we are stupid , he is on his second term after all .
you are my senator .. you go rand
mia love , as a white man that has voted for obama twice , and strongly supports his efforts , i would like you to explain to me how he has divided this country ?
it is great to hear that you are going to continue to support south dakota and please don &apos;t let a single scandal be swept under the rug and forgotten
praying for you congressman , as you lead and comfort .
we need to get ride of that corrupt entity and go to a flat or fair tax .
he needs you there to help him steer america to the right path .
your constituency demands you vote no on devos !
you &apos;ve been part of the problem for the last 8 years ... now , you need to part of the solution for america , sir .
just like social security , obamacare is here to stay , and let me remind you that we have the same printing press we have been using for the last umpteen years to pay for all the stuff we can &apos;t afford .
thanks for the heads up , trey gowdy .
stop obama s socialist agenda .
mia you hit it on the head .
douglas , no internet search was necessary .
trey gowdy , where is the special prosecutor for hillary clinton &apos;s espionage law violations ?
i noticed that jeb bush still has his website or his day to be made the next president ‼ ️ .
that is what we sent you in for .
rand paul , and the rest at cpac deserve a standing ovation !
this president has a tremendous responsibility to keep us safe ; he will be held responsible for the next terrorist attack on us soil .
how on earth is anything going to get done in government or any house bills passed under these circumstances ?
congress needs to do their job and protect america .
obama doesn &apos;t care
the president has no spending power .
the conservatives been sold out by liberals for a long time .
keep &apos; em honest mia
the cuban people deserve better and rewarding the castro family is not the right way .
( president ronald reagan )
its goal is the collapse of free market capitalism .
we the people are beyond hearing sophestry and obfuscation about the blatant lawlessness of this administration from the numbers of scandals to the murder of 4 americans in benghazi .
we have seen the culmination of this lawlessness in this current obama administration ; you know all of those details .
everyone that pays attention knows obama does not have a foreign policy , he shoots from the hip if he is not hiding in some back room of the white house , leading from behind or funding muslim terrorism / brotherhood .
as a 38 year registered republican i don &apos;t need to be schooled on core values of conservatism .
that is not allowed by the constitution , but that never stopped him .
hey marsha , what are you doing in washington ?
suddenly james lankford believes we should not sell arms to countries with human rights violations ?
bush had one called the patriot act .
well said from the man who should have been the republican candidate .
john mccain will never know what it &apos;s like to be president .
of ed . , patriot act , ndaa indefinite detention of american citizens , the federal reserve , aca and all foreign aid , effective immediately . &quot;
i laugh at the liberal trolls on here just calling rep blackburn names but can &apos;t back their whining with any facts .
@ marc - first of all , tax cuts without spending cuts do create deficits .
sir , your first job is to rid us of the man who insulted your integrity !
oh and ditch your bodyguards since your equall to all of us you traitor .
i never had issues with the irs until i filed this last time for my voters registration .
as a parent , teacher , and constituent i am imploring you to vote no on the confirmation of betsy devos .
no rodney .
we can &apos;t seem to agree on whether we have a spending or revenue problem , but we should agree that we have a debt problem .
your responsibility is to your constituents , not the party nor the speaker .
rand , im on ur side , both u &amp; ur dad r great &amp; i remember when ur dad lived in greentree pa ,
federal laws we need : 1. a law that requires a balanced budget .
may god continues to bless you and your family .
lines keep growing , obama could be pres .
do your job - the aca is law - move on the somethings that could help kansas citizens .
blake hayes
put him in jail ! !
wish i knew who was running in n c that lined up with ron paul
our congress has done nothing to stop obama from leading the u. s. down the road to destruction !
john mccain made it very clear with that comment that in 2008 we were screwed either way
remember , the president is only steering the ship , our elected officials ( ships crew ) are the ones that are supposed to be making it go .
you signed a pledge sir ! !
sir , you know full well that sen. reid is going to reintroduce the ban as an amendment to another bill .
unfortunately for america , obama will tell you it &apos;s free .
i stand with ted cruz !
ryan wood
obama &apos;s epa gave environmental groups the names and addresses of farmers .
john i know ron paul doesn &apos;t participate inthe retirement plan and returns a portion of budget every yr ... not sure about rep smash
bye bye ryan !
it is time washington got busy and stayed on the job and do what the people want .
no wonder you support obama and liberal causes because you represent the low information voter who will give away freedoms and live under tyranny without a single qualm .
anybody who voted to strip our rights away is a traitor and should be dealt with as such .
i want the $ 1500 in my pocket from cutting my payroll tax .
ted cruz is our only hope ! ! !
oh btw &quot; repeal &quot; that disaster obamacare , do not replace it !
the ndaa is a treasonous stab in the back of the american people .
cannot believe we are flying them around the country and yet not back home .
i for one would like to see a term cap on all elected government officials .
let him have it !
thanks , james !
until we eliminate the driving forces behind excessive federal spending , discussion of tax rate systems is pointless .
irony , no !
he can &apos;t veto jack crap if he &apos;s impeached
no amnesty , enforce the laws we currently have , and build the fence that was promised to us !
instead of holding the american people hostage to obama care , stop funding the administrative and legislative branches .
just asking , since the government will not admit where it is .
40 % of all welfare , grants , aid , and all other so called entitlements needs to be cut ( this includes obamacare and tax payer funded abortions . )
it seems to me that many flaws are being exposed within our goverment and we are all waking up to it .
when you have to make payments to the irs for last years taxes and now you have to add this years amount on top of that .
if the president is doing wrong then why doesn &apos;t the senate stop him ?
the republicans are just using mr. scott to try to get the black vote , in other words he is just a token .
c &apos;mon , who doesn &apos;t know that obama is a frickin &apos; muslim supporter !
seriously , i &apos;d you and mccain continue your witch hunt on trump , you also may find yourself jobless .
but the o is neither king nor pharoah ... he is a dictator .
this 100 % s.c. disabled vet is soooooo disgusted that you people have allowed the va to decompose so badly over the past decades .
shame on you , marsha blackburn .
i am a ron paul supporter , and i will not be fooled by anyone else .
the military needs to be here in our country fighting for our freedom .
take your sidekick lindsey graham with you to mexico and you do something you haven &apos;t done here !
we &apos;re ready to follow and back a courageous , strong , conservative leader !
i do not expect that our constitutional liberties to be restored .
serve &quot; we the people &quot; .
i believe with guys like huckabee , christie and bush .
good luck with the rinos this year ted .
henarling and the conservative republicans have yet to create any jobs , other than protecting the rich and elite in america from paying their fair share of taxes and increasing wages to american workers to reduce or eliminat the income inequality that was created by hensarling and the right wing extremists .
borders budget military
get the government out of it !
and to those think we had the best healthcare system before obamacare , you clearly have nothing constuctive to add to this debate because you are and never were connected to reality .
mcclintock is scheduled to work 113 days next year for a $ 174,000.00 .
when he is done he will give gitmo back to cuba as i &apos;m sure he has already promised !
rubio republucans .. sign n share https : / / www.change.org / p / republican-national-committee-unbound-delegates-elect-marco-rubio-the-republican-nominee-at-the-rnc-convention ? recruiter = 510392810 &amp; utm _ source = share _ petition &amp; utm _ medium = facebook &amp; utm _ campaign = share _ page &amp; utm _ term = des-lg-no _ src-custom _ msg
we are pushing as hard as we can to get you elected here in utah to the senate .
all over fb were messages of no syria and no obamacare but you publically support both .
you are the &quot; wacko bird &quot; and an embarrassment .
if we are going to remove flags based on hate there is a lot of flags that need to be erased from history including the state , national and even the christian flag .
it was , however , incredibly discouraging to hear you and senator mccain speak so scathingly of what they were doing .
i agree that if obamacare is good enough for me than it should start with the top down , why isn &apos;t the president and his family , congress the senate and the rest of the bureaucrats readily accepting this .
we have to much land all ready lock up from the government .
impeachment long overdue ....
i wish you the best mia , go show em how to do it .
he has shifted power away from our checks and balances .
however , agree that it would be a total disaster if the &quot; right &quot; in every sense of the word looses the house .
you guys need to find some way to stop this tyrant .
say no to obamacare
reward for her part in benghazi
bring our troops home and secure our borders !
big government is not the answer , sir , and i am very disappointed that you would support this bill .
christie does not have a prayer in the next presidential campaign .
good lord we are doomed as a nation .
they make up the dang sequester then make somebody like a cancer patient suffer ! !
did you point out that he &apos;s not implementing his own law as it stands , and that he &apos;s subject to impeachment if he doesn &apos;t ?
i am so disappointed in you , rep. blackburn .
i think obama is muslim and will not do anything to jeopardize the caliphate that they are attempting to build .
obama has far less executive orders than w bush .
before obama , what conservative did anything about the border or the debt , for example ?
mccain has a way with words !
john please vote no on this amnesty immigration bill and please accept calls to hear the concerns of americans .
he was selected by mitch for a reason .
the current administration rewards those who kowtow to the president and do his bidding while keeping their mouths shut .
obama has purposly placed susan rice in the position to push he weight around .
i pray that you continue to lead an ever-increasing strength .
marsha how about you start caring about the environment instead of your corporate sugar daddies
god bless her and the rubio family .. lord keep them safe always !
true conservative
there is no work ! !
vote for obama to go to jail asap ! ! !
i believe carly fiorina is an amazingly gifted woman who , like dr. ben , has worked her way from the bottom .
he is betraying our allies , and our own best interests .
how about getting rid of govt healthcare ! !
does that mean that you are giving up on getting obamacare changed ?
and then there &apos;s the fact that much of the pipeline has already been built without congressional approval .
joni he has been worth less from the stat and will never get any better he has never gotten it or any thing elseso just keep trying till he is gone and things willl get better
your a good man rand , say hi to pops !
john mccain does not represent the people any longer .
tell # 44 that we did vote for &quot; gridlock &quot; if it meams putting a sstop to his socialist agenda for america ,
the federal government has disability hiring programs but they are a joke .
good speech marco rubio !
he is turning into a real piece of crap !
i leave it to you and those we voted in office to keep him from betraying the people who trusted you to stand for us ! !
i was curious why israel would support our taking action .
tell the people who want to know what chemicals are being injected under their homes that the real danger is that the federal government wants them to know .
i hear lots of complaints about obamacare but no solutions to access and affordability .
if a foreign country wants to make a product that cost more than a 100 dollars than they have to make it on our land with our american workers .
a good read --- most folks today do not know south carolina was a total blue state until 1964 the year black folk could have the right to vote- kind of got me wondering why it changed to republicwhitonly state .
but , without consumption ( satisfying demand ) , what value to the supplier is having product on the shelf if it does not generate revenue from the purchase of that product ?
what a stupid tool you are graham !
if only obummer didn &apos;t ascribe to saul alinsky ideology which is divide and conquer !
your support meant so much to me , and meeting you and senator barrasso was the highlight of the day .
always glad to see you on fox john !
the us circuit court over va which also serves nc and sc has made it clear that laws like amendment 1 are unconstitutional .
we want the best and quit in-fighting , meet together and quit name calling and dirty politics within ranks cause your afraid you will be beat out by another conservative that intimidates you .
as a voter in your district i actually am for the dream act and president obamas executive order .
instead , take the money that would have been spent and send it to our ally israel , they &apos;ll know what to do with it
happy thanksgiving trey to you &amp; yours .
another republican rino at work .
if you make $ 1,000,000,000 per year and i only make $ 50,000 and we get a 10 % tax cut , naturally you would get a larger dollar amount than me because of the disparity in what we earn ! !
you guys just have to take back washington !
too many years you guys and gals just waste our time , spend our time on tv and collect money ; make some laws that allow our country to really be exceptional again ...... overide when necessary ... we don &apos;t pay you to be actors who get the 16 % approval ratings .......
big government is already mandating that i pay for the healthcare of people who have no insurance .
expect most if south la .
why doesn &apos;t congressman ted yoho know how our government runs ?
the first school were in small churches but now me or my children are not allowed to pray at school , i will vote for mr. palazzo as many time that he runs .
this is why the conservatives and republicans are failing .
our constitution is for americans only .
if president nixon was impeached for what he did with watergate , and an attempt at impeaching president clinton was made for his lying , which one of obama &apos;s transgressions and lies should be used to impeach him ?
the fact that you would even consider voting for obama shows you are clueless !
about 3 dozen permanent jobs would be created .
no fair tax .
the man in the white house is deliberately hurting america .
no on syria , defund obama care , no on amnesty and no gun control , got that ?
nope didn &apos;t want to watch .
obama has deported millions more illegals than any prior president .
obama is not working !
nc republicans have been doing everything in their power to dismantle public education in our state ; now you can take that effort nationwide .
traitor ! ! ! !
prayers ... may god bless you all &amp; return you home safe .
i believe that the house should have voted for the clean bill that harry reid sent .
keep it coming bob woodward-----you shut down nixon and you can help us shut down obama !
end obamacare completely , restore our health care and insurance industry , allow some concessions to allow pre-existings .
we need results , rand .
as one of your constituents , i beseech you to vote against the confirmation of mrs. devos .
re , you &apos;ve got it backwards : ron paul quotes me , not the other way around .
we need scotus to believe and defend the constitution .
there is no representation for any conservatives in the republican party .
the earth would be a barren wasteland , and god would have nothing to do with it .
and it &apos;s the same president that has not had a budget in 3 yrs like law says he suppose too ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
so they keep delaying till 2014 , and next till 2016
cut taxes further without cutting spending that actually matters .
several years ago you didn &apos;t want the flag taken down and now you do ? ? ?
rachael , 15 trillion in debt and growing with no end in sight and the ones that want it stopped are out of touch ? ! ? !
the fourth amedment ( amendment iv ) to the united states constitution is the part of the bill of rights which guards against unreasonable searches and seizures , along with requiring any warrant to be judicially sanctioned and supported by probable cause .
vote no to devos or we the people of tn will vote no to you mr. senator !
maybe it was teleprompters that helped them get their position like it helped obama .
i change the channel any time he comes on , he cannot talk without lying .
lindsey , keep funding our warfighters ! !
why don &apos;t the government pay their taxes , quit taking lavish vacations and going on golf trips .
thank the lord - praying !
bob is an honorable guy .
the tea party will split and a third party will grow .
betsy devoss gave you $ 23,000 and that is what you are listening to .
keep your conservative values !
paul would rape obama .
how about voting to determine that the current potus is ineligible .
i think we all need to send kevin a pair of scissors to use to &quot; cut the budget &quot;
way to represent the american people , marsha !
mr. scott as usual i &apos;d love to know what you and the rest of the politicians in dc are going to do about it .
go johnny isakson
repeal the whole law that &apos;s what i &apos;m praying for .
how did congress stop military action in the libyan &quot; no fly zone &quot; ?
a lot should be learned about this administration for the future and i hope washington will do something to control it all .
god bless you as you take a stand against evil that is trying to drastically change our constitution !
hey won &apos;t that upset the illegals
if obama even sends one $ 1.5 million dollar cruise missile to syria , it is way past time to start the impeachment process .
in case you has not heard , gop leadership has agreed as well .
has he ever read the us constitution and when is he going to the oath he took to uphold it ?
he is very wrong ! !
pass the cr but don &apos;t give out false info for scare tactics .
once we get rid of this round of rino &apos;s in 2014 your turn comes up in 2016 !
but , no !
our government doesn &apos;t care about these kids it &apos;s about the influx of illegals any way they can get it .
government , the founders believed , should only be in the business of protecting liberty through national defense , the enforcement of contracts , and free elections .
please stand with sen. cruz and stop obamacare now !
hey alex , ronald reagan once said something along the lines of libertarianism is the heart of conservatism .
i second lena s comments 100 percent .. and mutual respect from both parties and compromise from both sides good job mr buchanan can t wait to get bak to ur sunny fla i am stuck for a few more days in frigid chgo ill
the sad thing about wyoming is that the two party system exists , it &apos;s just within the republican party .
the aca was voted on by both houses of congress , passed both houses of congress , signed into law by president obama , and ruled constitutional by the supreme court .
he can give a good speach , but would love to know when he is going to start listening to himself and the american people .
it &apos;s simple get government out of the insurance industry and let the free market properly allocate the limited resources .
thank &apos;s again ted !
i have the solution to the entire problem ...
how about doing us a big favor and convene impeachment proceedings against him ?
cut off all aid to countries who have anti-american ideals .
you wont get any answers with pres o in office ... you already kniw that
so why is government shutting down such a bad thing ? !
except that &apos;s not what you did ... you caved to the nra , which owns congress , body and soul .
well said greg .
wonder how long before vern deletes my post ..
lindsey .
senator moran , please don &apos;t be just a rubber stamp for our very uncouth president .
rand paul , and i expect your endorsement !
i could care less what you think of obamacare when you think the marijuana laws in georgia should stay as they are .
this president may in the next two years do so much damage that it will take years to regain all that has been lost .
look at what obama has lied about and still continues to lie with no taking him to task for those lies .
chief justice roberts needs to be impeached for what he did , legislating law from the bench and changing the meaning and scope of the us constitution .
in your new position i hope you work to end the tsa and reign in the unconstitutional and waste of tax payers money that is the department of homeland security .
somebody needs to stand up against the oppression that the obama regime is blantantly ruining us with .
how does the stiff tax penalty enforced by the irs on the uninsured increase insurance coverage for oklahomans ?
senator mccain what have you done over your last 100 years in congress to make our country safe ?
perhaps you don &apos;t know what part of the constitution is under &quot; attack &quot; , or how it is , but i sure can tell you what the he &apos;ll is going on .
why would the president veto veteran &apos;s programs and reservist pay but not active duty pay ?
loretta south , if you &apos;re referring to rand paul , you are seriously mistaken .
she was not qualified for the job and now we suffer with the rest of america .
by national association for gun rights senator lindsey graham is leading the effort in dc to greatly expand federal gun control .
the government can save alot of money if they stop this wasteful spending https : / / www.facebook.com / cindy.lou.5245 ? ref = tn _ tnmn # ! / whitecoatwaste ? fref = ts
now the fbi has lost credibility in the eyes of the people .
that is the cold hard facts , mr gowdy !
i &apos;d hope mr. mccain eventually ( not today though ) says something about the blame-monkeys on the left who used this tragedy for personal gain
if we have to play this stupid game then let the republicans say they are willing to give in to the tax hikes only if the spending is reduced significantly enough now to eliminate the debt .
you are so right on mia ! !
also voted for boehner and another trillion dollar bill that the president desperately wanted .
but you know the epa knows best .
11 million plus illegals is not an immigration problem it is an invasion !
plus he thinks he &apos;s king and he can do anything he wants .
john kasich let them get away with it proving he is an easily manipulated coward and would be dangerous as commander in chief .
impeach his @ $ $ !
nope - get the government out of the private sector and the economy will take care of itself .
you dear sir have just lost many many votes !
those against the aca say the american people are behind them .
tying the funding for dhs into the defunding of the executive orders is ridiculous .
just glad that someone in washington is doing their job .
when is your in-person town hall going to be ?
will be praying for them .
i do not believe that the president should have the power he is so recklessly throwing around .
rand paul , please know that you don &apos;t just have kentucky behind you .
they lie about welfare calling him the welfare king lie .
the federal government is set on passing legislation to restrict all our freedoms .
obama &apos;s liberal and ideological agenda is always given a higher priority than the well being and safety of the american people .
congressman lamborn , you have the audacity to say this after you and your gop cohorts have fought our president on every social issue imaginable ?
shut off his free multimillion dollar vacations and michell will do the rest .
if the people would have nominated ron paul he would have won this.now is not the time to give up people ! !
the goverment needs to get up and do something and quit talking about it .
even worse , government purpose is too often the purpose of the people running the government not the expected purpose of those who put them in office .
marco , i hope you are president someday .
mccain : you stink you rotten traitor .
the only thing i &apos;d like to hear from him tonight ... &quot; myself and my entire administration resign effective immediately . &quot;
i &apos;m sorry sen. mccain , but you could have worked to prevent the disaster we are now facing with our new president .
new poll out this morning : 80 % of americans do not trust the republican party .
only stupid and lazy people are still supporting obama !
from an educator , and voter in georgia please vote no !
it was long overdue &quot; bruce lindner .
before tampering with the constitution try applying it &apos;s principles !
i so wanted the chance to vote for you ... god bless you sir .
until then , please dial down the hyperbole ... and plan to hold a town hall every quarter in every county in your district .
keep an eye on mia , and nikki haley ( sc ) .
https : / / en.m.wikipedia.org / wiki / 4 _ little _ girls never forget , mia
he should have gone to the congressional oversight committee instead of to the media .
i &apos;ll be saying prayers for our country for the next for years and then campaigning for you to take over and fix the mess we are going to be in at that point , no matter which of the candidates gets elected .
inhofe needs to get off of there brans and start taking care of bussines for the american people .... impeach obama he is distroying our country .
it gets worse every year , our government is becoming our own worse enemy .
you all talk a good game but what does the constitutional conservative base get for all it &apos;s trouble ?
what would you impeach him of ?
with you on this 100 % tom .
good one dave .
we are behind you lindsey
stop placating the anti-gunners and stand firm .
how much influence does the central banks have on you mr. trey gowdy ?
we campaigned in 2010 for congress to , close the federal epa , federal department of education , energy , foreign aide for a start .
we no not want an international commission setting immigration policy for the u.s.
peter king needs some lessons in protocol .
devos is not the answer !
also support mark meadows in his effort to remove john boehner .
no , ted .
is it not congress &apos; constitutional responsibility to declare war ?
anything else with obamacare is trying to resuscitate a dead horse .
congress controls the purse strings , not the administration .
it is a shame that republican candides who signed the pledge to support the winning nominee are now going back on their word .
i would like to see congress have some back bone .
the epa should be demolished .
robert , you may not want government healthcare program , but i bet you have health insurance that the employer you work for pays for it .
hey rob , ever think of facing the fact that the left is about to go down ... the facts are about to come out and what do you wanna bet that rep. trey gowdy leads the way ... good always conquers evil : - )
and obumma wil use it to distract from his criminal activities , don &apos;t let that happen ! !
thanks paul keep the heat on .
rubio is a man of integrity .
ditch welfare to all of the foreign gimme gimmes , including israel !
obama is presidential , dignified , qualified .
a true whistleblower would have taken the information on the nsa to ted cruz or rand paul .
obozo wants to be a dictator !
&quot; no law respecting an establishment of religion . &quot;
could you guys impeach this traitor already ?
no taxes , period !
there is no one to blame for all this than the weak , ineffectual republican party we were handed .
promise us we will see you name on such a ballet one day mrs. love !
the debt ceiling will be raised .
why is congress getting subsidies for their luxury private government paid health ins ?
rand , you put tears to my eyes the other day .
so support your republican nominee .
marco rubio vp .
besides ted nugent ?
we won &apos;t rein in anything until mitt romney is elected president !
my tax rate was negative 8 % !
and if paul said it and you beieve it call yourself a paulinium and not a christian .
we give australia almost 1 million in foreign aid each year and they want to give us a bunch of illegals / possible terrorists ?
no thanks to you , mia .
i would like to see you all voting on a balanced budget that works on getting the debt down and a bill that expands e-verify for all jobs , welfare , wic , foodstamps , medicare , medicaide , money wiring , subsidized housing , income tax returns and our publicly financed schools !
i would like the fed audited , i wold like to see the pentagon audited , abolisment of the irs , criminal charges related to fast and furious and the irs personnel involved in targeting the tea party and others .
lindsey let us know where to donate.and all our prayers to those folks .
take some time to really look at our flag and think about what it stands for ... no matter your political associations , we need to be united .
you are traitor
see tim scott &apos;s response anthony .
the republican debates were all about pitting the debaters against each other .
if people had wanted the democrate way they sure as heck wouldnt have put you in office .
@ charles you speak of the libertarian party .
and all you seem to care about is obamacare repeal and bengazi .
maybe we can legally smoke cuban cohiba cigars soon .
we appreciate you so much trey gowdy .
save the speech &apos;s til something is accomplished !
the failure of obamacare is obvious by the sheer number of waivers already granted for it ( over 1,000 and counting ) .
happy thanksgiving to you and your family , mr. gowdy !
please keep fighting for the repeal of obama care ! !
marco rubio ... 2016 ! ! !
he has a right to speak his mind about cuba , especially since his family is cuban and senator cruz too !
get with it , ted .
job .. only 20 to 30 or part time ... when asked why ... fear of obamacare .
you sir have my attention !
you are a traitor to america and to the republican party .
i , too , would be looking for a third , conservative option .
way past time to close out borders borders
take all them all and ship them back where they came from and stop takeing care of them and start taking care of the american people
at the rate he is going he has my vote .
thanks for looking out for south dakotans and the country , senator thune .
the gop is hell bent on defunding it before it goes into effect .
when do you plan to introduce legeslation to impeach the muslim swine in the white house ?
it is amazing how many issues have no constitutional basis according to the legal standards set by the obama administration !
the program helped ted .
if you don &apos;t think that obama has the power to do this , then make it a damn law !
why do you the representatives keep cowardly looking down and say yes sir
mr. paul , please run for president of the united states as i will vote for you in hopes of you being our next president .
mr. mcclintock instead of asking the people if this administration is on the right track , why not ask them if they think congress is on the right track .
i guess it goes along with establishment republicans utter refusal to demand interior enforcement , in particular cracking down on illegal employers .
we need a true conservative with true family values
i wish u were the president instead of obama nobama !
we must pray for this country !
= = = = = = vid from general paul vallely .. obama to troops : will you fire on american citizens : &lt; iframe width = &quot; 487 &quot; height = &quot; 274 &quot; src = &quot; https : / / www.youtube.com / embed / wbdntlunaxy &quot; frameborder = &quot; 0 &quot; allowfullscreen &gt; &lt; / iframe &gt; .
i would prefer a balanced approach that deals with both spending and revenue .
too late now-next term you are gone .
and now the burglaries of abortion clinics and then the arson of those clinics in georgia last week .
that is the only chance now to get the law repealed .
tom , you do realize that many of our founders opposed the constitution , right ?
rand doesn &apos;t agree with his father on everything , if he did i wouldn &apos;t support him .
there is no constitutional right to have an army , a marine corps nor an air force .
the report explicitly says that obamacare isn &apos;t going to force businesses to cut jobs on any grand scale .
the people , arts , etc of cuba are interesting and excited about better relationships with us and others .
learn from experience , cut spending now , and yes listen to the right republicans because they do not want to give everyone tv , phone and welfare , but empower them to work for their living .
at some point the american people will stand up and say enough , bringing an end to the current administration and those who stood against the people of america .
i am thankful to god for holding me in the palm of his hand and for his arms around the shoulders of my precious paul .
you represent the republican party and it &apos;s values .
keep fighting the fight senator paul .
next time you are up for election i will not be voting for you because you broke your oath to defend the constitution , by not bringing impeachment proceedings against the clown in the white house ! ! ! ! ! !
if the head of this country cant hold himself accountable for his failures then i think the answer to this question is no !
i hope your fellow republican congressmen from mississippi will do the same .
if you don &apos;t like it rand you should have passed an immigration bill .
michael connellyretired attorney , constitutional law instructor carrollton , texas after having read this , please forward ....
the reid court ( u.s. supreme court ) held in their opinion that , &quot; ... no agreement with a foreign nation can confer power on the congress , or any other branch of government , which is free from the restraints of the constitution .
please run for president senator paul we really need someone in power that wants to hold back the government and make them follow the rules .
go scott
yes , we watched the vote and were glad it turned out for the american people .
they should repeal all of the acts that this insanity is based upon .
to me , the flag is a part of history , and no matter what , that history can &apos;t be changed .
on top of that instead of endorsing someone who has stood up to the establishment and tried to put a stop to these things ( ted cruz ) you endorse rubio a true establishment go along to get along and get nothing done kind of guy .
obama has stalled and held them back and no , they won &apos;t wait for his o.k.
hey tim , wouldn &apos;t worry about most of these people ... they ain &apos;t gonna vote for you no matter what you do .... they &apos;re already recruiting your demo opponent ! !
two days before the election and paul ryan makes a decision !
thanks for supporting clemson and for working for a balance budget .
all of you on the right are posting this stuff ! &gt; america wants obamacare stopped and all of you out doing nothing .
the liberals are all happy , but we conservatives are getting the shaft .
if we can &apos;t get all the republicans on that road of thinking then its useless.we have become a party of &apos; wussies &quot; being led around the ring bythe nose , by obama and his goonies.its time to show that we have some balls too ! !
that effective immediately he is resigning
our government , the media and our enemies want us divided .
john , luv ya &apos; man but disagree with johnny on this one for all same reasons as previous comments ( except for sean &apos;s .
it is congress that is trashing our constitution and rights .
get obama out the peoples white house and out of our country ! he is a foreigner who does not belong in america !
well said mia united we stand divide we fall .... god bless america
i agree the illegal get what they want ?
* * by the way-this is 1 woman that does not support obama or anything that he stands for !
ben is just another politician who has hijacked the tea party sentiment and then once in office sold it down the river .
i will vote for no one who goes along with any form of amnesty .
the additional expenses the train would create would be a bad deal for florida
well i am a big ron paul fan and i do believe that the first bush was more akin to clinton than reagan .
why dont you spend a little more of your time trying to understand why , we the people only credit you and you constituents an 18 % approval rating and quit listening to your party &apos;s platform and vote the way we the people want you to .
no welfare .
paul 16 !
john , why dont you discuss something relevant , like how this president ignores the constitution and how the senate lets him get away with it ?
so that tells me that any politicians that violate the constitution , ( brake their oath ) that they swore to uphold , before god and country need to resign or be impeached !
here is reagan from 1967 : &quot; the 11th commandment kept our party unified ; but we were , and still are , a minority party .
we already have immigration reform laws on the books which calls for and supports legal immigration &amp; prohibits illegal immigration = amnesty
is he socialist or conservative ?
saying this treaty infringes on any american rights did not bother to read the treaty .
maybe you will learn why it is important for you not to support enzi when cheney is running in the primary .
impeach this man for treason !
notice the word american in each note .
obama ignores the law and side steps the constitution whenever he wants too and absolutely nobody is holding him accountable .
you let the people and the country down by failing to support and defend the constitution .
carly is a force !
wouldn &apos;t it be better in the coffers of kentucky and its taxpayers ? ?
just because i agree that it is my right to fly whatever flag i want and you don &apos;t agree thats o.k.
so is his buddy lindsey graham .
i think the republican party is several decades behind the times right now .
thanks , tom byler , eastborough , ks
definatelly praying for all the men and women here and abroad and for their families
thanks for your support bruce
please pass the fair tax !
hey gus where were you 10 months ago ?
hold their feet to the fire , sir john !
if you want to cut the budget , start there .
arrest them and let them be judged by the people .
cause if you do work more you have to be provided with health care .. get rid of obama and all the people that like him and problem solved ...
the military members respond to the orders of the national command authority .
it &apos;s a shame we did not touch on ben ghazi , national debt , impeaching obama , and furloughs .
if so , you should also be jailed for some sort of tax evasion , like mitt romney .
the $ 1.8 billion for health care seems excessive , and may incent further illegals to cross the border .
thom tillis .... you are part of the problem !
and , how come those who oppose normalizing relations with cuba have no problem trading with communist systems like russia , china and non-democratic governments like saudi arabia .
he thinks he is a king but he is not and he needs impeached and we need a new congress and a new house and they need too listen to the people us .
i would be willing to send obuma a copy of the constitution if he has forgotten his in the restroom !
may god &apos;s will be done and praying for a beautiful healthy baby for you and your husband .
god bless you and please stick to your principles when you get to d.c.
sorry , my real libertarian is showing .
however obama &apos;s actions are unconstitutional and am surprised that rand paul would endorse this action .
too many of our republican representatives have turned into big government , k-street sponsored rinos .
this is an emergency situation and should be treated as such because we know that obummer care is a disaster !
trey gowdy for a.g.
i hope mitt romney takes the white house in november and romney needs to focus on the economy and job creation and he needs to win those people who voted for obama in the last election .
i don &apos;t see it getting better with ryan .
i &apos;m tired of &quot; gutless &quot; congressmen being manipulated by this dictator .
i &apos;m looking for one that doesn &apos;t think he is a condescending king
rhino time for the home
no offense mr lankford , but it &apos;s more absurd that congress can &apos;t get their act together and pass a budget .
the &quot; wacko bird &quot; has my vote !
true leadership is greatly missing in d.c.
glass houses , senator tillis .
and for the record sir , , &quot; bragging about you &apos;re lil &quot; circle jerk &quot; with that marxist traitor referred to by you as &quot; the president &quot; , , , , is not a good way to get my support .
absolutely ...... we conservatives agree with you .... concessions or no aid ! !
go for it rand paul , mike lee , and ted cruz !
on tuesday , after searching his apartment , the fbi issued an event file using section 212 , 3b that means he is a proven and extremely dangerous terrorist and called for his deportation .
please sen paul start impeachment hearings now
we must stop obamacare and we need members in both house &amp; senate with the courage to stand up against these liberals and eliminate obamacare .
we have to cut spending and get our budget under control or this country will go down the drain .
john boehner should end the republican shutdown and the gop should stop using our wwii vets in their lies !
with so many white people voting for people like tim scott , mia love , and bho , how can anyone claim racism is a big problem ?
fox owns fx and news channel and fox network .
hoosiers are giving up on congress ... we did not give you a majority to give o. everything he wants .
romney , paul , and even obama have a better track record when it comes to &quot; family values &quot; .
i &apos;m a tn resident and an educator .
( y ) keep up the good fight , senator paul .
and rather than throwing off our constitution and starting over , it probably needs amending even more , to chain down the government even more !
he should be at the bay in cuba .
we are so fortunate to have tim scott as our u. s. senator .
instead of forcing it on everyone , lets just apply these taxes to those who want it , so they will quit giving us crap about how effective obamacare will be .
i pray for our wonderful country , jesus help us .
obama is a socialist / communist and wants to take this country down because he is for a one word gov .
senator thune i &apos;ve always spoke highly of you but i don &apos;t agree .
five young middle eastern men were apprehended by the u.s. border patrol this week in an arizona town situated about 30 miles from the mexican border , law enforcement and other sources told judicial watch .
i hope you are yanking the ear of sen. hagan today .
it is disturbing enough that john kerry is sec .
b b. balance the budget problem solved .
do you feel guilty voting to extend the patriot act and denying law abiding american citizen &apos;s their 4th amendment rights of due process ?
a yes vote on cloture will result in the same thing we saw with the original passing of obamacare .
i was praying for you guys .
conservative libertarians grasp that it &apos;s about the baby &apos;s inherent rights .
mr rand paul : concerning illegal immigrants that were brought to the usa , if they do not register to the selective service board as we americans , they should not be given citizenship or the right to free college tuition .
it &apos;s about time someone said it !
removing that flag is going to do nothing but provoke ....
we need someone like reagan now ,
lost em in the divorce with the house , but they were so cool to think of them being made so long ago that oklahoma wasn &apos;t even a state yet .
they only pass bills that have no chance to pass in the senate .
the border must be leak proof !
pat keep up the fight .
no money , no power !
instead of introducing new legislation , they voted 40 times , meaninglessly , to overturn obamacare .
so ashamed of boehner and the house for not standing up to obama .
they are elected to be our advocates and protectors of our constitution .
obama doesn &apos;t have a ranch to go on vacation to because he wasn &apos;t born with a silver spoon in his mouth like bush did , so he does what he can to take a break .
cannot they also repeal the law allowing executive orders ?
by doing so you also stood against obama .
shame on you for not listening to the people who actually teach our nation &apos;s youth .
( but leave gowdy alone ! )
i had feared for a while that you might not be the conservative you claim to be , and now those fears have been calmed .
rand paul is possibly the only candidate of either party who is honest , principled and not susceptible to backroom manipulation .
thanks so much lee zeldin for sharing your journey to the middle east with us , god bless america .
if you can &apos;t stand behind your party , time for you to move on , you have no business being in office .
the military &apos;s investigation into bowe bergdahi desertion or not , for whom the controversial release of the five taliban gitmo prisoners was made by obama , has been completed , but guess what , we &apos;re not going to find out the results until after the election .
it &apos;s not patronizing , it is called being a true christian .
&quot; mma allday &quot; if you were using the brain you suggest others should , you would know that there is no justification to go along with what is wrong in the hopes of accomplishing what is right .
obama has his own agenda
obama may be the worst thing that has ever happened to america .
yes including the irs , abolish both and tax with a flat tax on goods and services with minimal loopholes !
i can &apos;t believe that our republican congress passed a spending bill with refugees funded and funding for planned parenthood ! ! !
and national endowment for arts , and quit funding abortions .
merry christmas mia and to your family !
i guess mccarthy-ism is alive and well in sc .
it is my honor and privilege to pray for her ! !
and to you and yours , mr gowdy
i expect nothing from obama , and that is exactly what we get nothing just a lot of the same old nothing ! !
thank mia we like you .
but , its our money and no body cares
justin amash will defend liberty in the house , but we need to send him reinforcement
here is some common sense for everyone to watch .
impeach is the only way to save america .
mccain is a traitor but he wants us to idolize his service ?
&quot; i will ask congress to come up with a plan to bring all of our troops home right away .
i &apos;m most interested in impeachment and any criminal charges with prosecution .
you , sir are a flat out liar .
love mcclintock , someday he may still be governor .
i &apos;m ashamed of what used to be the party of reagan and you can spearhead the rebirth of true fiscal and constitutional conservatism .
obamacare is a very expensive government controlled health insurance administered by private health insurance companies .
the republican betrayal started with the cromnibus which you supported and voted for .
the republican-controlled house of representatives voted all the money required to keep all government activities going -- except for funding for obamacare the way it is currently written .
if we put sniper towers every 400 yards and started shooting anyone crossing the border illegally , the influx would stop even faster !
rush limbaugh and glenn beck , and hannity and others are the problem , they cause fear uncertainty and doubt , and people believe every word they say .
our local now has to pay $ 320,000.00 annual tax fee so we could keep the insurance the teamsters was offering us and not go with obamacare .
you sir need to step up !
paul ryan is a wonderful person but you are something special and what our country needs !
now congress must de fund obama care , second do not raise the debt ceiling and impeach .
these missile sam systems take almost 2 years to train on .
you and mccain deserve what you &apos;ve gotten !
obama can &apos;t stand america .
fund dhs and put up or shutup about taking obama to court .
obama does not have the authority to kill us citizen with drone without due process .
his goal is to destroy the usa .
i love you ryan .
it was also his position when he violated the constitution by ignoring its requirement that congress has to weigh in on the appointment of federal regulators .
my other option is to take a tax hit ... here &apos;s what frustrates me , you all signed this bill into effect originally , now you want to fight it by shutting down government ?
it certainly is not the people of nc ... more than many who urged you not to vote for devos .
run against graham , he needs to go
it &apos;s soooo sad to watch and listen to the republican party today as they are so far off base !
so much for the last of your integrity , paul .
this has gone too far obama is taking as down as fast as he can !
mia , learn some proper grammar before lecturing us on the disaster that you believe obama to be .
i &apos;m sure you will have to look deep to find a few that are true to conservative values and america &apos;s foundation of freedom , but there are one or two besides you and senator tillis .
it violates our privacy .
praying for you and others positions of responsibility !
no better than obama &apos;s yes man hagan
bury boehner and the other tin-horn tyrants in votes that force them to reveal their evil .
we see you cave at every corner , and refuse to do what the people mandated by electing you ! ! !
praying for you scott---but don &apos;t vote for that crap .
kansas has excellent public schools that should not be undermined by unaccountable charters on a slanted playing field .
obama should not be giving arms to the rebels .
give em hell mia , we need real leadership in congress instead of spineless jellyfish
good up the good work , rand .
geeze mia whoda thought ?
carly fiorina the rest are mouthpieces for the party.maybe she is too but i like her courage and her ideas .
huckabee , cruz and rubio my picks !
he should b spending hella monies enforcing # marijuana laws in # all50states should be number 1 priority .
reagan used he same idex to campaign against carter .
if we are going to fight off our tyrannical government when they come to take our arms , our property and the rest of our freedoms .
mrs. devos will do nothing to help rural schools .
when are ya &apos;ll going to impeach him and prosecute him
it is authorized by the 16th amendment to the constitution .
this obama care law is like .. saying suicide is a fix .
all that comes out of washington is big talk they know exactly what obama is doing &amp; they know it is wrong but all they do is talk &amp; not the 1st one of will take action again this tyranny n the people &apos;s house and against the american people .
what do you mean &quot; we don &apos;t give up our christmas or our constitutional rights so easily &quot; ? ?
i think common ground to him is for you to be on his side and let him have what he wants .
are you and the rest of the rinos afraid they will dig up dirt on you ?
mr. comey would have been well-advised to follow his bureau &apos;s and the justice departments policies from the outset : do not comment on ongoing investigations ; and do not involve your bureau in elections .
potus is sure not doing that !
grow a backbone rino !
you should have stood with trump the way you demanded he stay with the rnc in the beginning of the campaign .
1. it &apos;s clear that the border surge is due to president obama &apos;s daca amnesty , his promise of further amnesty , and his abrogation of interior enforcement .
quit kissing the big butts in the ins .
i have not yet decided for which candidate i will vote , but i know it won &apos;t be for jeb bush !
and yes i am extremely disappointed in president obama .
marsha , if i could vote for you i would .
just moved to sc .
marco - trump has said he will be a one term president which would set you up for the next election !
you were elected by the people of wyoming not john mccain and the party , who are receiving their pay outs today .
do i care for the obama administration ?
no , david , we aer spending too much .
totally disagree ..... get a business tom .... and then repeat what you said ..... you won &apos;t
i would vote for you sir
listening to boehner in the house .
repent of this pride and turn back to god !
obama made 7 which is the least amount made by any president sense reagan .
you can have your king obama ! ! ! ! ! !
tom whining about this stuff is choking this country , you guys need to get ahead of it .
it &apos;s a shame that you do not listen to your constituents .
love this mia , yes , let the race obsessed do their thing .
please consider endorsing marco rubio .
liberals want to fund background checks and put those on terrorist watch list on the can not buy list .
congress too since they don &apos;t challenge obama and his unconstitutional ways .
cotr tn .
i think this should be put on a ballot , let the people that own it decide ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
if you vote no on cloture the bill will have a much harder time coming to the floor , if at all .
thanks tim !
the american people and the citizens of your district did not send you to washington to hold grudges and stubbornly hold us hostage over your dislike for our president and his signature legislative accomplishment .
obama wants people to remain dependent and ignorant ! ! !
the people know he has broken constitutional laws which should be answered with impeachment proceedings , but it not the &quot; peoples job &quot; , it is the job of the house and the senate , it is &quot; your &quot; job !
he did not care about li when he voted for that tax .
obama outperforms reagan on jobs , growth and investing &#91; and p.s. , the october numbers did revise aug and sep upwards as the author suggested they might . }
here &apos;s to hoping she will continue to remain untouched by the sensationalist insanity that has spread amongst establishment conservative republicans and the populist tea party republicans .
no trust is right .
so , tom , do we have a line item veto law being acted upon ?
everyone up to and including the president have agreed at one time or another that growing entitlement spending is our biggest fiscal challenge , and changes must be made sooner rather than later .
this nation is being destroyed , right now , under your watch lindsey .
do you also think merrick garland , the first nominee , is outstanding ?
it &apos;s about time you stand up for the people that sent you to dc .
as a mother and teacher in sc i will not forget your vote on this issue come your next election .
why hasn &apos;t he been impeached
clinton will continue obama &apos;s term and increase it .
way to stand tall trey just keep your head down ! !
frankly , i think mr. obama did our nation a disservice with his announcements .
you know the irs is a independent agency of the usfg .
ryan paul is bad news
if this was what obama wanted and it was given to him it can &apos;t be good for us .
no on the immigration bill .
instead of voting for you , sen graham i am voting against you ! ! !
i like rubio !
be part of the solution and endorse ron paul !
if your intention through the repeal is to make the healthcare system &quot; better &quot; than what is available for us today - we look forward to seeing just how you are going to make trumpcare do that !
make it count , scott .
secure the border , and then and only then we can have a discussion on what to do about the criminal illegals !
this would more fully protect all of us and does not chip away at our constitutional rights .
how much longer are you and the rest of the house and senate going to sit by and do nothing about a president that is out of control .
they should &apos;ve cut off funding
we love you senator scott .
standing with you in prayer for the families of the crew and seal team .
too little .. too late ryan
charter schools , school vouchers … i think those are two things that maybe have no place in rural wyoming .
that we have to suffer the fools at the tsa is asinine when once i &apos;m in the cockpit i have direct access to a crash axe and in many cases pyrotechnic signaling devices .
will lindsey help the usa as he has not helped sc ?
we &apos;ve lost all faith and respect for our current leaders and can see no end in sight .
i like both rand paul and paul ryan 2016
we need more congressmen like ted poe .
they are the morons that helped y &apos;all elect this loser !
no to legalized poker .
good luck marco rubio !
yes indeed ... it .. doesn &apos;t see the need or purpose of the constitution , except for using the paper to wipe his hinny .
wonderful rand !
like it or not tim , it is political !
the tax code needs to be simple .
so f--king impeach him already
we all love &amp; respect you so much trey gowdy !
if anyone has slowed the spread of ebola it hasn &apos;t been obozo who is still more interested in fundraising than the lives of americans who put this lying scumbag in office .
i can assure you that any ideas that smell the slightest bit like amnesty are not going to fly with me or the majority of american citizens .
idellee ron paul is not retiring from the fight , he is retiring from congress but will continue to fight ! !
at this point who cares about benghazi and the emails they can be put on hold till these muslim terrorist obama brought into this contry are all gone .
you &apos;ll be stocking shelves at walmart in no time , friend .
he won &apos;t i can &apos;t believe all this mumbo jumbo out of this ridiculous congress makeing nothing but noise impeach this prick
i would prefer to see a group of armed patriots go to wash. dc and take this man and his cronnies out of office by force if need be .
do not cave on this one .
but then the tea party reared their ugly heads and said no and if we can &apos; t eliminate obamacare we won &apos;t fund the government ? ?
if your into tax and spend you &apos;ll enjoy it , but i will not .
mayby we should get down on our knees and pray to god to help us out of this mess obama has made worse .
correction mr cruz .
if we don &apos;t secure the borders we cannot stop the invasion .
respect for our founding documents and principles should be shared by all americans , not just by us .
i heard the president is jealous , and is changing today to king obama day .
mr mike enzi .
this doesn &apos;t actually sound mainstream conservative to me .
they didn &apos;t cave from the threats , they caved because of the emails
senator rubio &apos;s choice not to support the voters choice is extremely disappointing .
i am glad to see that mccain is still speaking about about the economy .
just finished watching you on lou dobbs .
i just wish my congressman was more like you and others in the freedom caucus .
rand , dont give the money back to the government they will just waste it ... give it back to us ..
vote no on syria obama dose not know what .
@ jess i saw an article the other day that obummer is doing this intentionally to force people to purchase more economical cars and go to the way he what he wants them to drive &#91; i.e.
and will continue to do it long after you and i , and our constitution are gone from this earth .
praying for your friend .
thanks for you service trey !
open your ears and listen to your constituents .
i hope you reconsider and vote no on a resolution to give president obama authority to attack .
what i would like to see from mr. farenthold is a running tally of the spending he has voted for and against .
a shout out to you sir &lt; standing behind the constitution !
make that an oklahoma pork chop sandwich !
raising the debt ceiling is one issue up for a vote by our so-called lawmakers in washington .
if politicians in tn think they have an answer that works , they should have done it by now .
9 the lord our god is merciful and forgiving , even though we have rebelled against him ; 10 we have not obeyed the lord our god or kept the laws he gave us through his servants the prophets .
i voted for you , tom !
the liberals are the enemy of this nation .
praying for you to have stamina and fortitude !
i do not believe that our military will attack u.s. citizens .
you are a true patriot mia .
mccain your a joke you cant screw america anymore trump will work for us and this is what we want
listen to oboma
however , i love hearing about things like this in kansas .
ben sasse , so now what ?
and merry christmas to you mr. gowdy !
she she is utterly unqualified .
if you &apos;ve all supposedly voted for this man previously as you claim ... how could you possibly be surprised that his policies and platforms align with a. less government interference b. more rights to the individual and as a republican c. supports our current administration .
conservatives are supposed to be fiscally responsible , but they are not always so .
good luck getting that passed obama , you know this government has no backbone , obama rules and does as he pleases .
carson , fiorina and cruz impressed me .
since the administration has no cohesive strategy for dealing with isis , perhaps congress should propose one , vote on it , and send it to the potus .
happy thanksgiving we are so proud of you here in south carolina !
thanks sen crapo .
aid to our &quot; friends &quot; should have strings attached that are in the best interest of the us and us taxpayers ... tired of congress giving taxpayers &apos; money to our &quot; friends &quot; who use it against us ... that makes no sense
hey rand , why &apos;d you vote to confirm a jim crow attorney general ?
harvard law school would not agree this is fair and balanced
don &apos;t let ms. devos destroy kansas schools .
i don &apos;t blame them for leaving because of the ridiculous amount of taxes put on them !
if you &apos;d look up bush and mccain &apos;s history you &apos;d see that they have been staunch political enemies for years and disagree on many issues .
explain to me why you have not done your job - which is to impeach him .
we need someone strong to stand up against the tyranny of our self elected king .
rand paul is a booger eating moron .
reagan said that somebody who agrees with you 4 out of 5 times is an 80 % friend , not a 20 % enemy .
if the rumors are true we are out .
you should step down sir .
james lankford if we elect a pro life president , is there a way money spent at home and abroad that funds abortion can be spent on education instead ?
yet you supported the democrats and voted for cloture .
let &apos;s build it mr president ! !
no where just more govt control over the people .
senator- when will he be impeached ?
there is no debate !
may god bless you ron paul .
take it to the bank when trey speaks - truth !
they did not vote for you in florida for a reason , now we understand why they did not .
i don &apos;t think the american sheeple are actually seeing what &apos;s going on .
i thought you could override a veto .
dear senator isakson , allow me to convey the opinion of one of the greatest contemporary syrian thinkers , omar abdulaziz hallaj , winner of several international awards including the aga khan award for architecture for his role in the project of the rehabilitation of the old city of shibam in yemen .
who is chris christie anymore ?
to all true republicans in colorado get rid of this guy .
if you and the rep senate aren &apos;t going to stand up for the consititution , and fold and give this president amnesty , what purpose do you provide for the state of ohio .
please do whatever you can to support president obama &apos;s jobs bill and help get america back to work .
rand , wake up buddy , this deal isn &apos;t as simple as cigars .
obama apparently doesn &apos;t have a problem with playing king ... it &apos;s driving me nuts
vote no on 2nd amendment bill !
impeach this guy
you said you would repeal obamacare .
and you sir , are an idiot .
just proves our government is out of hand
someone needs to remind him he is not king of america .
if we didn &apos;t have a spending problem we wouldn &apos;t have a revenue problem
and letting a document like the patriot act survive is also most grievous ....
that position ... was echoed on saturday by senator ted cruz of texas &quot; what a mealy-mouthed dodge .
i wish mccain was president !
atta boy rand !
congress has the constitual authority and duty to reign in unconstitutional acting judges
south carolina for trump 2016 ! !
obama is not taking them because this is what he wants .
we need to cut spending yes !
god bless you mike
no gym !
why would anyone think it is fair to tax someone twice .
that is why the constitution is rooted in the theory of &quot; ordered &quot; liberty , within the rule of law .
it seems that zero flights from infected areas is a good idea .
vote to oust boehner and redeem your honor
you &apos;re supposed to be one of the up and coming republican party leaders marco rubio .
we all want to see a better plan--no plan is perfect and there is always room for improvement , but to just start repealing without a clear plan for replacement is irresponsible .
impeach and arrest ! ! ! ! ! !
third time i have asked ms. blackburn to answer the question whether congress should be paid during the shut down .
why hasn &apos;t something been done since 1986 to secure our borders and prevent more than 10 million more illegals to envade our country ?
obama got elected because of what he could promise his voters with our money .
the problem is the powers that be don &apos;t agree with the way it was written so now they want to change it .
hey there tim .
cite it jerry , prove your point !
i hope and pray that congress stops this deal and overrides his veto .
holder should be held accountable and resign , but a conspiracy ?
kris lee
sorry and sad you didn &apos;t have the backbone to stand up for the common people of kansas .
you and lindsey graham should be fishing buddies .
there are a couple big problems with this : 1. the only way to delay obamacare is to defund it .
again ; this administration assuming too much authority and power .
seems to me that the very idea of using drone strikes against americans on american soil turns the government into a terrorist organization .
we should have just minded our business , but no , we have to stick our nose in everyone &apos;s business .
once obtain citizenship , they will have right to bring their entire family members , relatives &amp; spouses from their home country and get green card .
part of that is not deifying guys like paul .
you know our wish list , congressman poe - same as yours !
another rino !
no absolutely not
sen paul if the old gop guard had as much integrity as you , we would own the white house .
why wont congress impeach him ?
we also ask you to oppose cloture .
your right lee get goverment out of the way of everything not only the internet
yes it was repealed .
poor rich folks , always being trampled by those socialist bums in washington .
please show your obvious courage by voting no on devos .
and like it or not , that &apos;s in no small measure because of jerry brown . &quot;
get a life , we all know that now matter what mr. king does it would be wrong in your eyes .
and richard nixon was impeached because of watergate .
you voted for boehner so you could get on with business ?
looks like boehner told you how to vote .
this is the marco america needs to see saturday !
guys , obamacare is the law of the land .
thats why we gave you control of both senate and house .
look if these people are not necessary to run the government then why are they even hired in the first place , just asking it is my money that is paying for them !
regardless of party affiliation , she is clearly unqualified for the position of secretary of education .
i see senators graham and mccain are having issues with the executive order .
i remember in 2008 on election night i went and hung my flag upside down on the fence in my front yard .
nothing but he is leaving the white house
congressman mcclintock , spoken like a true democrat !
this is just another failure by the obama administration and quite frankly another distraction to throw the american people and congress off real issues such as the complete decimation of our legislative system .
senator ted cruz said during interview with chris wallace .
prove what you are saying marsha !
so if i have to go to the emergency room or to the dr. again they can send the bill to the white house and maybe they will give them the money they take out of my taxes because i can &apos;t afford the insurance .
you are a joke , little marco .
please congress do what is right for america not your party .
be sure and tell everyone how squeaky clean you and your rino friends are !
with obamacare , you now have the golden opportunity to be on the side of the american people and be our voice .
amazing , i got more likes on my post than marco rubio got on his original post .
impeachment is the only answer what &apos;s the hold up ?
take that pledge to support the republican nominee that you signed and stick it where the sun doesnt shine the american people will be much better off when we rid ourselves of crooked politicians in washington .
john mccain i respect your words now i hope to the follow through once you go to washington and able to speak with other senator &apos;s .
we , the conservatives will never support a liberal with mental issues like donald trump .
and have no more need for tax breaks .
president obama can no more write his own laws or impose his own interpretations upon them than the congress or the courts can command the military .
can i get the link to see the replacement plan ?
it &apos;s not to late for you to run for president !
the flag didn &apos;t kill the people in sc .
if you do not act , i will consider that you are as bad as obama .
muere el dictador viva cuba libre
1. send the illegal aliens back to their home countries .
c &apos;mon johnny 47 this is not treaty it &apos;s a diplomatic envoy of 6 nations .. how despicable does it get .
i asked rep tim walberg to do the same , although i &apos;m not holding much hope for him to vote it down .
no guts , no job .
the terrorist in chief and the terrorist rinos .
otherwise i &apos;m writing in cruz this year .
congratulations tom !
how about helping ron paul audit and abolish the fed ..... , irs problems &quot; cured &quot; ..... 👍 ✌ ️
once palin came in mccain lost .
oh , poor mccain , you couldn &apos;t keep on wasting your tax dollars in pursuit of your job-killing agenda .
that should be concern enough if the constitution is to mean anything .
you are supposed to protecting the interests of all americans mr. mccain , not just yourself .
as stated above-you need to cut the bs and actually work while you have the opportunity johnny .
polly parrot cruz is a neocon in tea party dress .
yes , this conservative mom is going to join the party this country can no longer beat .
sam does us a favor and back mark meadows and get rid of boehner .. he is nothing but a puppet to obama &apos;s regime and we can &apos;t take anymore .. we need a new house speaker and mark needs your help to get rid of him .
i really like you rand , but there are a couple of things that you &apos;ve said that have made me cringe a bit and this is one of them .
free the south from yankee tyranny and then we southerners won &apos;t care what the yankee nation does with it &apos;s greenbacks .
can &apos;t stand him !
quit giving money to countries that want to kill us .
keep talking obama , keep talking .
thanks trey and happy thanksgiving to you and your family .
sounds good , but congress and the wh are corrupt .
as long as he keeps getting by with ignoring the constitution then he will continue to do so !
thanks for those good words , tom .
are you ready to impeach this poser yet ?
when it comes to tpa , taa , and tpp , here is my take ... i am suspicious , and rightly so , of anything hussein obama wants and when you add in the two pseudo communist republicans , boehner &amp; mcconnell , i know there is a 99 % chance that it will be bad for america !
i still feel that we need a person of his character to lead us out of the mire created by democrtats who will perpetuate their failed policies if allowed to continue if not challenged by a united republican party led by marco rubio !
lord put a shield around them and destroy the enemy as you did over and over .
fire boehner for gods sake !
besides , the senate is democrat majority , attempting impeachment is a waste of time , and congress already wastes enough of that .
quit trying to repeal it and start working to improve it .
hold the line , mr. congressman !
stand firm , knowing you are correct .
mr moran , when you were visiting with the fine representatives of our military bases here in kansas did you bother to mention to them that you voted against the veterans job bill ?
and nothing you have to say can change the fact that a mandate on insurance was a republican idea from the get go .
me read what james madison said about the necessary and proper clause in his report of 1800. to paraphrase what he said the government through this clause may create legislation to speed line the other clauses with in the us constitution , but not violate them .
happy new year , bruce !
how about cutting the wasteful spending on the military complex ?
&quot; gop is for me &quot; - hispanic republican leadership in texas .
use james for your study ... you will learn something in those first three chapters .
gowdy then announced that he planned to start conducting the following interviews in june : former defense secretary panetta , general martin dempsey , and general carter ham .
even if it means shutting it down !
if you think drones are a good thing you truly are not a patriotic citizen of this country .
represent the nation and pass a clean c r
ryan needs to go .... ineffective leadership
there are many conservative pieces about why accepting refugees is a part of the fabric of america .
it is vitally necessary for us as a nation to arise to take a stand reclaiming our nation as one nation under god , our constitutional rights , and our balance for the health and betterment of the world .
u lost my vote along with the rest of us , this flag killed no one i thought u of all people would have stood up.i see u chicken out on our heritage
i agree , with rand paul
i propose you could create jobs by converting many of the federal jobs to contract services such tsa airport screeners , agricultural agents , etc . , this reduces fed overhead and retirement costs at the same it creates new private sector jobs .
dave , do you support the libertarian party ?
so senator lankford , what are you going to do about it ?
call 202-221-2131 and tell your congressman to vote against boehner .
that he resigns ...... and knows he is bad for america ..... also he was wrong for being prejudiced against christians and white people ..... plus amnesty is so wrong and against our laws ...... he is sending all moslems to the moon ..
knock out obamacare !
i do not agree with repealing aca unless replacement means a single payer system .
you are 100 percent correct tom .
um ... no we should not !
sick of this republican waste of time !
arrest obama ... he is an enemy to the laws of our country and defies them all !
until he is held accountable he will always break the law ..... another reason people support trump ..... tired of the establishment
well , what are you in congress going to do about obama &apos;s proposal ?
think of the millions of veterans that sacrificed so much to defend the constitution .
praying for all our leaders .
thanks rand for sticking up for our rights !
of course , it &apos;s not a cost if it is a republican tax cut .
do not vote to confirm devos .
president obama &apos;s health care plan isn &apos;t free .
i can &apos;t wait until he is out of office .
i would send a request for obama to put you and your republican friends in jail just for being idiots and not caring about &quot; the people &quot; who you are stealing from ! !
give us hope tom , because i have joined the conservative party and have lost my faith in the republican party !
that can &apos;t be marco speaking , as he is always missing in action .
have been a james lankford supporter for years .
we need to either keep our nose out of this situation or obama needs to take note of the facts and support assad whether he likes him or not .
trey gowdy you are one brilliant remarkable man who i admire so much , especially in these troubling times .
don &apos;t let them change you , stay true to your beliefs .
why won &apos;t any of our reps , congressman , or senators answer to why in the hell impeachment has not , and will not be brought forth ?
no , bruce is right ; let &apos;s spend our energy ( and votes ) putting together a meaningful alternative to the law , and let the voter vet it .
i am praying for you johnny !
liberate themselves of the bondage of obamacare .
gwynna sanford
2 ) i do not trust obama to make the right decisions for america .
we all need to pray for each and everyone of our representatives and senators that they will make wise decisions to bring prosperity back to our country .
amen senator moran .
i just used http : / / www.whitehouse.gov to send a message to obama .
dont worry they are gonna take it away from you .
christie has been bitten by the power bug .
kc this very nation was founded on christian values and beliefs .
what is your stance on roy moore ?
when can we start the double impeachment process ?
do we have to replace all of you to get our government to work ?
in a perfect world , all of the things that should be legal would be , but as a professional poker player , i am concerned with poker the most .
when is congress and especially all the republicans we voted into office going to stand up and do something other than make deals with the obama administration .
he said in his speech that congress must raise the ceiling to cover the spending congress authorized , yet , now they are trying to &quot; de-authorize &quot; spending and he won &apos;t let them .
take out commercials and do talk shows and make the facts known because there are so many entitlement people that vote it is scary ... our nation is crumbling as this president ignores the constitution and congress does nothing to challenge him
we got rid of lots of rinos in the last election and we will get the rest out in 2 years .
i so agree and hope &amp; pray for just that which is much about why i voted for him as he needs time to do what he set out to--hopefully for the good of us all .
i &apos;m a christian and i pray for israel every day .
mccain is a great war hero , a great american but was a terrible presidential candidate .
i usually agree with you senator paul , but this was definitely an attempt to separate yourself from senators cruz and rubio in your upcoming presidential run .
just now say you on fox and friends !
you did not have the nerve paul rand did to stand up for our liberties !
trump made it pretty clear that he neither wants nor does he need us !
now , if he continues , arrest and impeach him !
someone needs to introduce obama to the 14th amendment .
socialized medical care .
we thought we had ratified a constitution that would compel the government to respect our natural rights .
praise the lord someone with a backbone !
if mccain wants to continue sanctions on russia , that &apos;s one thing , but don &apos;t act like it &apos;s because the us is morally or politically superior .
it is more than obvious that washington politicians will never ever ever settle for a cut in spending of any kind .
well then stop him !
please reconsider and vote no to cloture .
shame on you and the republican party .
do your job and start impeachment proceedings .
aiding the enemy at a time of war and instigating an invasion of our sovereign nation are high crimes and treason !
obamacare gone
this country has absolutely gone bonkers .
it &apos;s a shame congress is receiving conflicting views about this , because our president should be the one jumping at the opportunity to meet with him .
also why isn &apos;t your page open for comments so the people of georgia can ask you question and get some answers .
congress needs to get on the ball and get impeachment started before it &apos;s too late ! ! !
happy easter to you also marco .
i left california , and i &apos;m still a fan of tom mcclintock .
holder is a scuba ... glad he &apos;s gone ... maybe valerie next ..... would be too good to be true
are you aware of the stance on segregation that the majority of the republican party held at that time ?
usnr retired travelers rest , sc
please reconsider your vote , sir .
well why don &apos;t you people in congress and the senate stop him
my first question is after reading what you said about impeachment why are the republicans so afraid of obama and his administration to do anything when they have done so many things in the past 4 plus years .
i request that you think carefully about how many georgians have been outspoken about this nomination .
no rand , no .
say it ain &apos;t so rand .
hopefully cruz will pull through .
all due respect to mr. gowdy , but i don &apos;t think we get much truth from any of these hearings .
pray for ben carson !
re-electing speaker boehner was the first of many mistakes .
it should be a no vote
why is congress not doing something about this illegal unamerican imposter in the white house ?
but what is your plan to replace the aca ?
why are these conservatives like flake and toomey sitting on the sidelines like there is some major decision to be made ? ? ?
obama hates colonial nations and the quickest way to destroy one is financially .
elise - we are voting you out of office - don &apos;t settle in , your days are numbered
mr paul u have my vote
i would like to see our law makers get the epa out of the way , so we can start this conversion .
the declaration of independence states that the government is given power by the consent of the governed .
and many of the actions are illegal by this administration !
mr. mccain as a life long conservative and arizonan , you are warned .
rand paul is a libertarian .
hold the line mitch .
i really hope that you are not accepting a paycheck , since you and congress decided to shut down the government .
knowing fully that things will be alright if the debt ceiling is not raised .
congrats kentucky on righting the wrong !
i feel as though we are constantly being lied to .... we cannot trust anyone anymore especially obama ! !
however , states can stand up to the federal government .
i wasn &apos;t talking about cap and trade and whether or not it implemented a tax .
hey - bob will do whatever he can for the people he serves in congress .
really bo , you &apos;re right ronald reagan &apos;s tax act of 1986 repeal the code from 1954 , the largest increase of taxes on the middle class and shift of wealth since the civil war , and the largest tax reduction on the wealthy since the establishment of the irs code .
win , mitch !
amein , tim .
he went back to the tax well over and over , increasing the sales tax 67 % &#91; 2 &#93; as governor .
seems tim is looking at the wrong people .
i had insurance before obamacare , but i can &apos;t afford it now because it more than doubled .
i thought congress controlled the purse .
when he says contained he means he talk to them a minute ago and they have a plan ready
we can go from the irs to blm in two days !
some may call me foolish ( though i would disagree ) , but i was happy to see that mr. rubio was genuinely struck by his moment .
with obama in trpuble in the polls , this looks like a grand standing move to gain favor with the voters .
please tell me what or how kentucky is leading america .
just air drop a nuke a let god sort it out .
keeping teh issue open for 2014 qwill bckfire big time sir .
here &apos;s a couple of ideas i came up with 1. nothing happens on immigration reform until the border is secured and all current immigration laws are fully enforced .
looks like georgia has 2 senators that need a tea party replacement .
no single person in the history of this country has been so deserving of the title of traitor and the recourse of impeachment .
go at it tom !
do you really want to be thought of with the same disdain we have for mccain , graham , and boehner and cantor in the other chamber ?
start blaming sharpton and his pack of liars the way they blame everyone else , if you really mean it .
so what is congress gonna do about it ?
millions of patriots stand with you .
if harry reid is behand them trying to take them people ranch he should be arrrest now so get the law and go after him before someone kill him course you couldent blane them
ironically , the constitution does not protect the right to hunt , but it does protect the right of a citizen to own an ar-15 .
mccain you are a traitor to this country !
defund all illegal activities of the nsa .
another thing that is going on right now , a story a journalist put on facebook recently was that his employer sent a letter stating his premiums were going up 1.6 % and they could blame that on obamacare .
rand paul was a threat and uniting the gop so bo has to invite the gop senators to dinner to split the party again , something bo has not done since 2010. the sad thing is it worked .
we do not want more government and we do not want obamacare but mark does not listen .
you and senator graham should be ashamed of your disloyalty .
i am no longer fearful of the future but optamistic of our country &apos;s return to greatness with life and liberty for all in the persuit of happiness .
the individual mandate is an idea proposed by the conservative heritage foundation , because people choosing not to purchase health insurance or were denied coverage by the insurance companies , were obtaining health care , and then leaving &apos; us &apos; the bills .
and i hear that in 2010 it has already predicted several thousand group policies will be cancelled .
shouldn &apos;t sen crapo resign his position on the banking committee if he can &apos;t keep track of his own money ?
it &apos;s time to get rid of all republicans and democrats and start voting in conservatives .
please announce when you will hold a town hall meeting .
tsa has not made airline travel a bit safer , only more expensive
sent a question into your website mr gowdy and got an automated response : (
over 50 repeal losses and now a losing veto override and you still use aca to pander to your base and raise funding .
liberty has not been a motivation in our government in over 100 years .
glad snowden made us aware of the heineous invasion of our privacy and rights .
boy if only you hadn &apos;t turned out to be a rino
my boss &apos;s religious wishes now trump my health care needs and mcclintock thinks that &apos;s great .
save the constitution
i still think if every thing this corrupt administration has done comes out , there going to need a team of backhoes to cover it up and alot of air freshener .
or being naively manipulated by brokers trying to lay the groundwork necessary to usher in a third party .
betsy does not have the experience or credentials necessary to manage the nation &apos;s public school system .
fair tax - any tax on ambition or productivity is counter productive .
only the constitution is all we have been serfdom and freedom .
please do what you can to stop king o from destroying our nation
johnny boy hows that 4.1 million dollars you took from bloomberg to support gun control now your nothing more than a bloomberg puppet hope you burn in ---- !
once you get rid of them , common sense will return n the state will prosper again .
you no longer represent the will of the citizen &apos;s of s.c. you &apos;re more in line with the democratic party than the conservative &apos;s !
yes we pray the same
obamacare is a horribly written bill , with countless hidden costs , it is bad for america .
no courage .
how about adding your plan to the obama care plan and let the american people choose ?
the republican party is depending on your individual greed .
marco you should really focus on the republicans winning the country rather than trying to continue the dialog of yourself .
why arent the rest of the republicans getting on board with the spending cuts ?
he really should be impeached for the unconstitutional things he has done
thank y &apos;all also tim .
pass a clean cr now , and , in the future , write a budget in good faith , pass it in a timely fashion , negotiate it with the senate , have it signed , and be done with it .
we believe our nation once again needs godly leaders , people with godly roots and a godly foundation to stand on .
ted cruz / ben carson
in no case should you vote to go ahead with this .
hey lindsey , who gave you the right to decide who stays and who goes ?
i told you i would vote for you and hold you accountable and you said i should .
was it the last 2 and half years the obama &apos;s jobs record that made you think the american jobs act will work ?
thankfully the president will veto it !
everyone in office elected or appointed in washington , dc should be fired .
i agree with reagan on this .
if we have to accept obamacare they should not get any exeptions .
stop king obama !
when you give up your pension , your healthcare package is the same as ours ( obamacare ) and the rest of your benefits , then talk about this again .
do what is oklahoma going to do fir the victims of the gatlinburg fires ?
trey gowdy you are a great american ! !
more lies , raising the debt limit has nothing to do with it .
my wife thinks we received between 5-7. barry county .
you are no longer working for your constituents .. you are working strictly for the republican party
pray there will be a 2016 election .
god bless israel &amp; the usa !
ron paul , justin amash ... and i fully believe we &apos;ll have legions more of true men , just just politicians , like you in congress ( and senate ) in coming years
patrick mulloy your &quot; robert hayes wrote : &quot; if you don &apos;t vote , you don &apos;t count .
this committee , like many others are window dressing ones to make it look like our elected officials are doing something about the corruption in government .
vote no on it no matter what changes they may sneak in .
r3v0jution ron paul 2012
merry christmas trey gowdy , to you &amp; your family .
a thousand impartial experts may tell them that a default on the debt would have calamitous effects , far worse than raising tax revenues a bit .
folks read the constitution .
and everybody up in capitol hill .... all these people who work for us .... all these people who have the power to stop obama from bringing them all here will do nothing .
spending 5 trillion more than we have and saying he cut 4 trillion is also absurd .
did you help block the impeachment of the irs commissioner ?
stupak believe that obama will do anything he promises ?
if rand paul wins , this would be a huge win for the american people and a huge loss for both parties .
you tell &apos; em trey
we will not abandon the ron paul revolution !
foreign aid to double-dealers , backstabbers , and terrorist-sponsoring regimes has never been a logical , rational component of our foreign , defense and national security policies and it is especially unwise when the usa &apos;s deficit and national debt are astronomical , the latter being in excess of 16 trillion dollars .
so why have you voted to increase debt within the us ?
let &apos;s be real john cornyn .
way to prove obama is a liar and a hypocrite without coming out and saying it directly .
yeah , like how he allowed ebola in and killed millions ... such media hype ! our prisons here will make guatanamo look like a resort !
god bless you both .
your voting record is just as important as your empty speeches rand and at the moment your voting record sucks .
what is going on as to this is pretty serious to us and mr. ryan does have the best handle on the numbers if anyone has .
rand paul / marco rubio 2016
delegates to the state republican convention in nebraska dealt a near unanimous reprimand to sen. ben sasse on saturday for his outspoken support for the &quot; never trump &quot; effort designed to deny presumptive gop nominee donald trump the presidency in november .
i want the republican party to start growing some backbone and start impeachment proceedings against him .
you certainly have lost my vote if you do .
why is he making all the decisions without anyone stopping him ? ?
you can be the left will !
but doing something unconstitutional is not an obstacle , for o or bush , clinton , bush etc .. this is still a very real threat as he may do it .. as the us &amp; it &apos;s regime puppet masters have set up these false flags very well .
he is definitely trying to turn us into a 3rd world county .
it sounds to me like nobody and i mean nobody will accept anything less than obama resigning from office , the only thing bad about that is joe biden would take over , and i think he is might be worse .
fair enough jason although the patriot act didn &apos;t &apos; create pollution &apos; : - ) .
my experiences with ga online purchases require the firearm be sent to an ffl .
unless you signed and ceded your responsibility , you in congress still hold the purse .
repeal obamacare but don &apos;t replace it !
kathleen and pete listen to the brave men in his unit .
keep him going ... thanks rand !
check out this chart - note how govt revenue increased after the 1982 tax cuts , the 1993 tax cuts , and the 2001 / 2003 tax cuts .
they don &apos;t want a president that can actually do the job .
absolutely lee
people are dumb plus most educators are liberal and teach socialist ideas .
stop immigration bill .
i &apos;m quite sure that those who complain about it certainly have the money to spend .
tea party candidates will be linning up , i hope we can get 2 true conservative senators this next round .
~ abraham lincoln
freedom is not free and you have to work to have , well that is the way it should be .
that is easy to say when you are spending someone else &apos;s money ... who are you guys accountable to ?
it has been my experience that insurance premiums inexorably go up .. they will go up with a republican plan also .. when they finally put a plan together .
mitch is so obligated to his millionaire lobbyists he will never help kentucky .
did this powerful member of our corrupt establishment &quot; make james comey an offer he couldn &apos;t refuse &quot; ?
obama is so about himself , he believes hes on lies !
cut them off financially , now !
mr doug white : negative !
why is obamination allowed to use the irs as his private tool against americans ?
stick to your principles and convictions !
we still need trey to get an indictment on hillary , for benghazi .
i want to hear the word cut , stopped or removed followed by spending .
does the state of war with isis not qualify the obstructionist in our government to be charged with aiding and abetting ?
never contacted my current congressman dan kildee because i have long lost confidence in our government .
sincerely , lamar
and don &apos;t call it obama care .
@ jon , jesus was god .
egypt needs the be a part in the region .
quit voting on nonsense that you and your constituents know doesn &apos;t stand a chance of passage without the threat of a veto .
keep up the good work , god bless you !
they are getting ready to change the irs as we know it and so they give us a staged problem so we accept their solution and not going to the people .
lou , the house needs to impeach obama .
had the deficit increase included 500 billion in immediate spending cuts i assure you the downgrade would not have happened .
what gets me the most is the smirk of harry reid and old cronies .
thank-you congressman james lankford ! !
i hope you are using the sheep to get votes rand , then turn around and pull one of the most constitutional turn arounds with whatever you have planned .
sen. pat roberts voted yes ...... sen. jerry moran voted yes ......
do well , rand paul -- kick some as * ~ ~ ~ ! ! ! ! ! ! !
what a waste of our tax $ $ $ $ and probably added 1 million to the deficit ... stop spending our money on your run for pres and getting attention ... he is using us all for this nonissue
shut down the government if you must before there are no republicans left .
glenn beck has tied all 3 scandals together .
we had a good man in ron paul , but , of course , seeing the shenanigans the neo-con rinos pulled @ the rnc and what the media pulled , its hard to have much hope in the gop .
thanks , mia love , that &apos;s the kind of leadership the united states needs !
instead , devos has spent a good deal of time and energy siphoning money away from the public schools and into private unregulated schools .
is this not the same you fail to get insurance you are made a criminal , therefore you cant vote while serving sentence , so is this not a form of a poll tax .
i would much rather stand firm against raising the debt ceiling than settling for a budget that we already know is going to stink .
keep up the good fight to get to the truth , will be praying for you .
you should align yourself with the likes of rand paul and ted cruze .
get rid of these illegal aliens while your at it .. all of you inwashington needs to be impeached and / or fired .
i am praying for you and our state leaders .
let me be clear , you sir , have a &quot; war on children &quot; .
i am a great admirer of billy graham and wish him a happy birthday .
not just what he wants us to hear while he is doing the opposite .
doctors are already bailing before full implementation of obamacare .
how dare you stand in the well of the senate and blast a fellow republican like you and that detestable lindsey graham , which will hear from me as well today .
you sir have lost alot of votes .
i &apos;m seeing you much more frequently these days , rand .
you have my vote.great people of the united states rand has done more in 24 hrs for the people than obama has in 5 years .
no apology to the lying rice ... nor to obama .
he listened to the people , and didn &apos;t cave to big money !
better late then never , i guess ....
plz kick this a hole rino out of office .
teachers in sc have an appallingly low rate of voter participation .
almost makes you wish that the house had chosen a different approach to dealing with their issues over obamacare ?
devos has no experience with reimagining a public school system , not even on a small scale .
no no vote no bad idea
you and most gop congressman are spending your resources trying to rescind obamacare .
i am from florida but glad you were elected .
god bless ya brother .
if someone disrupts it , then stop the meeting .
drafting legislation that has a chance of being enacted into law is the name of the game , mr. yoho , not grandstanding in public and winning debating points with fellow extremists who are as uninterested in governing as you are ! .
as a lifelong republican my family and i are appauled by the treatment the rnc has shown to the front runner donald trump .
now , i am sure obama will get a debt increase and no cuts in spending .
how can he not be held accountable and it &apos;s time he is impeached !
why does dhs need armored vehicles here in the u.s. ?
no involvement ! !
it &apos;s amazing that we can take down a flag that represents american history and replace it with a flag representing homosexuality ! ! !
our so called leading gop members need to stop posturing and stand behind our choice , the people &apos;s choice ! !
please put god back in our schools , and everything , he is the beginning and will be here in the end , we have nothing with out god !
indeed it was ... government is so corrupt , however , i have never seen one as corrupt as this administration !
tom do something to change the corruptions up there .
trump ... the billions americans are already spending on illegals will be the same $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ to deport them ! ! !
so that means you &apos;re going to join other conservatives in defunding obamacare right ?
don &apos;t you dare use this as an excuse to fund all of obamacare and force millions of americans into the program .
william at least everyone would pay and it is not 17 % it is 10 % and 25 % based on income and it would include congress and obama
( sen isakson , ga is watching how you vote ... and how you vote determines how we vote in 2016 . )
just another move to take away our liberty .
because you are little marco .
how about i raise you fox news , rush limbaugh , glen beck and the gop ?
i hate to be negative but i believe that &apos;s why obama chose him and it is just part of his plan and we need to stop him ...
we are the ones who should be thanking you sir
john boehner needs to step aside .
if the rino happens to get elected , no harm done -- he &apos;s their puppet anyhow , so there &apos;s no harm to them .
&quot; the irs has not been cooperative , &quot; duncan said .
hope y &apos;all are actually capable of stopping this !
time to impeach the president
once again , you did not listen to your constituents .
he was the obvious replacement for diane .. not george ! ! !
please listen to your constituents and vote no on monday .
thune for prez !
the president doesn &apos;t care to put our national security first ! !
heller is one of the biggest rhinos around .
obama is using our troops to get what he wants .
no craig , we will dissolve the bad one and put people in , who will defend the constitution which we will defend .
if you don &apos;t like the mandate then offer an alternative or remove it and leave other portions of the law in place such as not being able to deny somebody based on a pre-existing condition and a few other provisions of it .
when is john and mitch gonna do their job ?
i hope the gov isnt going after foreign automakers now that the gov has control over detroit .
scott , here &apos;s the summary of the bill on the floor from the appropriations committee : http : / / appropriations.house.gov / index.cfm ? fuseaction = pressreleases.detail &amp; pressrelease _ id = 280
instead we have witnessed repeated calls to repeal the law that are nothing more than political theatre .
and then we can discuss constitutional law .
senators should all be impeached for failing to uphold the constitutional duty of voting on merrick garland .
people &apos;s needs after repeal won &apos;t be gradual but immediate .
do you agree with senator mccain &apos;s position to not confirm any appointment to the supreme court for four years if hillary clinton wins or do you stand by your statement made during the unprecedented stonewalling of the garland nomination to let the next president appoint scalia &apos;s replacement ?
oklahoma is behind you all the way .
( last december he gave them a pay raise . )
we want you to vote to defund it .
for whatever reason , republicans neglected to increase the cap to allow the additional $ 38 billion in spending for defense .
also make sure no illegals can ever vote ... period .
on this issue i think fred is wrong !
then he needs to start taking up the bills congress has passed to reopen government .
johnny , you can &apos;t even fight odummy !
ted needs to move to california .
people of north carolina will remember this when you are up for re election .
one question why does az still have border security issues after all the years u have been senator ?
why should the cuban people suffer becsuse of the embargo .
we have been anti-obama from day one and anything he has done has been opposed .
you are an embarrassment and disgrace to oklahoma .
florida sen. marco rubio ® was quick to rush out a statement to explain that this was all about islam .
he is acting lawlessly - why don &apos;t you folks have the guts to impeach him ?
the same guns that obama and holder sold were used to kill border patrol agents .
ok then do something about it then !
mia , let the people of the us know what we can do to get things done .
we love ted cruz , he heard us and he stood for us .
that is exactly not what our country , our government , and our constitution are about .
if you fund it you own it !
don &apos;t allow any tack on pork appropriations to the executive budget .
the way i read the act ... it only extends until 12 / 31 / 2014 ....... and i doubt that reid will bring it to the senate floor .
marco rubio , one of trump &apos;s strongest critics on the campaign trail , calling trump a &apos; con man &apos; , is now pledging his support for trump .
i agree rand , people need to be held accountable and the people responsible need to be kicked out of politics forever .
we need more like you senator scott .
i thought i would never see this kind of nearsightedness from our federal govt .
he &apos;s pretty much screwed up the executive branch , he needs to stay out of the legislative branch .
tom , he &apos;s trying to stop cuts to military pensions ... 6 billion in the next few years .
oh , i remember it was eric and johnny b. mr i got up to 350,000 invested in 7 keystone pipelinexl companies .
your problem mr. ryan is you were not strong enough to stand up to trump in the beginning and now you have nowhere to turn .
my biggest wish would be that it was you on the republican ticket .
we are wondering if anyone in dc may be thinking that he could possibly be our enemy and if not why ?
i would actually like to see trey as our next president .
because that &apos;s what freedom is all about ...
he is the nominee .
congress has done their job , the u.s. senate defies the will of the governed , we are no longer a republic .
never forget benghazi don &apos;t let us down mr gowdy
keep up the good work mr. rubio !
u can blame ni--er obama on this
lindsey , who are so full it it ! ! ! !
mccain d arizona
if the u.s. defaults , does that mean obama and family can &apos;t take anymore vacations ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
america needs ted cruz ! !
comey is afraid for his life .
support arizona protecting itself marco .
trey gowdy run for potus !
obviously you don &apos;t and a few other whiners who won &apos;t support the parties nominee .
this foolish persons cites three republicans in support of his kooky idea that it is republicans who do not support the constitution on the issue of drones .
praise jesus .
does congress include those conservative republicans i vote 4 can somebody please explain to me the difference between republicans and democrats i don &apos;t c it
good job mr. paul - you held out for a long , long time ! ! ! !
the entire reason for the patriot act is to shred our privacy rights and you know it .
score one for the liberty movement .
it isn &apos;t a christian approach .
this will not stop until it is not allowed to continue !
the president is waiting on you and your fellow house members .
you &apos;re willing to fund the government , provided aca is dismantled , knowing that such a bill will have no chance of survival the second or third time ( or maybe we should call it the 44th or 45th time , considering the failed efforts at a clean vote on just that goal ) .
no more foreign troops on us soil .
regarding those democrats pushing for funding of aca and not allowing funding of the rest of the government ( and republicans who cave on this issue ! !
well lindsey , what have you done for the working stiff americans , all i see you do is go on talk shows wearing a war bonnet .
sorry , but since when do the clowns in washington ever do anything that is sensible or even remotely fair , and what makes you think that they will ever do away with the loopholes that cover their personal pet projects and spending .
i don &apos;t care who the president is no one is above god &amp; the constitution of these united states of america ! !
if rand paul is not put on the ballet i will write him in and hope all other do this also .
and , yet you voted to further erode our freedom by allowing greater surveillance of private citizens &apos; communications by local law enforcement ...
it is about time to see someone in washington who believes in the constitution .
you don &apos;t understand rand paul and his attempts to protect our property rights , privacy and freedoms .
because he is too busy negotiating with putin and terrorists to pick up the phone and talk to the republicans .
no where does the constitution say its the job of the government to provide people with jobs or healthcare .
my god , how can anyone approve of sending money to that region now ?
same with bob dole , marco rubio and john mccain .
build the 3 / 4 to override his executive orders .
i can &apos;t vote for you but i hope you get reelected .
i am also not surprised that the only &quot; news sources &quot; reporting that tsa is conducting searches on tennessee highways are all rw wacko sources .
so please , arizona , recall john mccain before it &apos;s too late .
taxpayer money isn &apos;t used to fund abortions .
if they see us as &quot; oppressors &quot; and not &quot; liberators &quot; , then let &apos;s pull our troops out and put them on our own southern border .
! ... i cannot believe you said obama is not saying what he would do for our country , he is being noncommittal ?
you sir are the dishonest liberal , and are asking all to keep the same rep est .
1 ) flooding the country with illegals
senator scott , can you explain to the eight ( 8 ) republican senators , including graham and mccain , who are supporting this &quot; deal &quot; , that they have essentially handed in their resignations to their former supporters ?
if they are talking about you they are worried about you .... those people are not right in the head rinos
if he had to pick between obama and a corned beef sandwich who do you think would win ? ? ? ! ! !
gowdy for the supreme court
i didnt listen to this one or the other ones he gave he is not a good president as far as i can see and dont want to hear him
# standwithrand ! ! !
this senate isn &apos;t to good ether , they and obama are killing our country ........
eloquent , and no i will not vote for trump .
jesus is in your boat .
patrick mulloy your &quot; jeff murphy wrote : &quot; fact : the debt has increased more under gop leadership ... &quot; fact : the debt is now increasing over the last 3 1 / 2 years more than twice the rate it has ever increased under a gop president september 7 at 9 : 13pm • edited • like ans .
sir , please express our deep disappoint with the lynch senate vote !
let &apos;s all vote rand to another term of running for president at our expense .
get graham out of office asap .
better late than never , i guess , senator .
please mr. scott , we need to keep our area safe .
i would think that , if government health insurance is so bad , you guys would be overjoyed to get rid of it .
i sincerely hope you told hin no on raising the debt limit !
but what we hear now is repeal and delay .
robert , you actually think i &apos;m going to post personal id &apos;s and discharge papers on the internet just to humor you ?
and only in wyoming will you get a phone call from your representatives press secretary after posting a facebook disagreement to one those proposals .
ve ry good doug
@ mosleh , the tax payers here wish the would quit sending money to egypt also .
i &apos;m so disappointed in your support of devos i cannot even get behind this .
obummer has no common sense
how about impeaching oboma
james , please explain yourself .
impeach odumbo
read governments job as per the constitution .
clean house in the senate &amp; house .
bunch of goddamned communist
impeach this idiot he &apos;s wasting all of our time .
you let north carolina down today .
the gop members balked at repeal .
read the document then tell me you think it &apos;s a good thing .
shame on you mr. crapo .
love you trey gowdy ! ! !
and where does nebraska stand with either setting up for it or letting the fed do it ?
trey gowdy for attorney general ! ~ !
if they get an obama health care , they can &apos;t find doctors who will take it .
marsha blackburn , you are full of hot air !
and i am praying that everyone elected to congress will vote to honestly represent the good , law abiding folks that sent them there .... and that includes you johnny isakson ! ! !
i watched the &apos; 60 minutes &apos; interview with obama and he danced all around the subject of &apos; proof . &apos;
merry christmas to you mia and your lovely family ...... god bless : 0 )
the pipeline would be creating close to zero american jobs ... and would have exactly zero effect on our dependance on foreign oil
no more illegals !
the pos potus doesn &apos;t seem to care unless isil runs out of weapons ..... then he will work on getting them more ! !
shame shame on you for vote for obama care
they are the patriots we need to represent us !
sooo does it really matter if the crazies in the house repeal it , the senate never will , your only hope is obama losing .
the people have spoken and if the administration continues down this path of distruction perhaps some one like yourself should get a court order to stop obama the dictator .
hopefully one day the american people will wake up and put a libertarian in office .
he has 2 more yrs to whip out his pen and defy the constitution !
so , exactly what makes this program lie outside of the socialist style redistribution of wealth that conservatives are always demonizing ?
it is just wrong the government should in no way be above the law .
ok rand how about reaffirming &quot; in god we trust &quot; is that useful government at work you are a hypocrit .
we should stop giving money and protection to those who hate us .
if you don &apos;t start listening to the people , they are all going to leave the republican party .
just defund the irs and shut it down
lied about illegal immigration and border security .
obama has no power to change law - stupak is just an idiot and shill .
in jesus name we pray and receive ; amen and now go in his blessings .
mr. messer on friday you voted to stand with rupublicans to shut down the government if democrats did not agree to unfunding the aca .
cuba promise
defund and repeal ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
you swore an oath like i did to protect the constitution of the united states against enemies both foreign and domestic .
agreed amen
we are headed for dictatorship .
we just need to cut spending in every area ... including defense ... across the board ... in my humble opinion .
okay , mia , i &apos;ll split it with you : majority leader for now but then attorney general .
happy birthday congressman lankford !
but since the 1 percent own the republican party , the little guy will foot the bill !
first thing would be to send the illegals back and put the welfare reciepents to work at their jobs .
then renew the zadroga act for 9 / 11 first responders !
they are killing the 1st amendment in this 1st term of barry soetoro , barry obama , barrack hussein obama , if he gets a 2nd term , the 2nd amendment will be gone too .
and stop following mitch mcconnell ! ! ! !
congress must act using all constitutional powers to save our republic from unprecedented and unnecessary economic , political and security decline .
there is too much waste and corruption that is eating away at our tax dollars .
so good one republican is actually willing to speak the truth .
you have to be praying a lot now that you were not a day too late and a $ too short .
because he is a communist
can we show true christian compassion by opening our arms to care for these children ?
god bless the constitution &amp; leaders like ron desantis .
i know your reasons , but if you play with a republican party ... you need to stand up for don !
rand , neither of these guys are a good option for running this country ... do you support ky seceding from the union ?
once they are here its to late !
if being a liberty loving constitutionalist is a wacko bird then i stand with you as wacko bird .
then we must use the full force of our military without special rules of engagement .
if you continue to support betsy devos for secretary of education then i will not support you to continue your representation of me and the students of north carolina .
he is an american patriot !
and that is exactly what nobama wants too !
if big oil gave billions to obama ! ! ! ?
coming back to the republican party in 2013 i have been intrigued .
more alarming , you are not willing to stand up for the constitution and the values this nation was founded under .
since you have not done this you are breaking the law .
thanks for pouring your heart and soul into serving the people of south west washington .
he made 23,000. he had to pay back 510 of the obamacare to the government since he made more than he expected .
you claim to want to do things to help this country , when are you going to throw obama out of office ? ? ? ?
please keep up the good work of representing me , my family and thousands of other conservatives in your district .
amen , ) dr. scott .
you &apos;re wrong larry , you need to vote in the house and thats what you will end up doing , quit lying , its the house that originates spending and revenue bills and the bills you sent to the senate are going nowhere and are irresponsible .
as a military retiree , i voted for you mr tillis .
please check out this new conservative facebook page and let them know if you like it !
marsha fishman - obamacare will not help those people that don &apos;t have insurance .
amen is right .
please promote the fair tax , hr 25 and we can reduce the power of the irs and taxable tyranny once and for all .
but then , senator rand paul , how will the u.s. treasury department use those funds ?
mr. brady , i respectfully disagree with who has been holding the budget up .
senator paul you keep me inspired .
he reminds me of mohammad morsi in egypt - a dictator !
i also hope our senator will work to improve nevada &apos;s education ... 50th in the nation ... by voting no on devos .
thank god for you and ted cruz .
they are absolutely for use against americans who won &apos;t bow down to the dictator in chief
those voters should be held accountable for benghazi since they voted in obama .
now kill the amnesty bill .
stop being a rino traitor ! ! !
the crap argument graham came up w / does not apply : unlike the 9-11 scenario , if you can send a drone to location , you can send police , make an arrest , file charges , go to trial ...
rand paul / rubio 2016
will do rand .
we don &apos;t need drones aimed at our citizens.our government works for us .
geez , marsha , you &apos;re so stupid even us blondes are ashamed of you .
time to take the president &apos;s toys and tools away and send him to his room !
didn &apos;t make them look good not supporting you ... i stand with rand !
do not pass a cr for longer than two months .
it does violate the constitution !
obama is going to do some rifing , much as bush sr and clinton did .
this whole debt ceiling debate is ridiculous .
it is time for conservatives to make the aca supporters own it entirely .
stand firm , sir !
the favor of a reply is requested , once again .
south american countries are siding with mexico .
the last amnesty changed the voting demographic in this country in such a radical way that you would think conservatives would have taken notice of this and be fighting tooth and nail to prevent any such action from taking place again .
congratulations rand , great news for our great nation !
congresswoman , in regard to the aca , if congress is repealing the aca with no replacement in place , a great show of support to the people would be for congress ( and you ) to drop their own government-funded healthcare until a plan is in place for all americans .
yes , we need to cut future spending , but please don &apos;t vote to cut spending on education , the poor , the elderly .
john mccain is just jealous , because he didn &apos;t get the level of support you received during the filibuster while he was running for potus ... big crybaby .
praying for your friend
new reports confirm john boehner and harry reid worked secretly behind closed doors to make sure congress and their staff wouldn &apos;t have to live under obamacare .... republicans are just as sickening as the democrats .
our god is faithful .
im glad to see trey onboard this new republican administration , i hope to see him doing his best to help americans and legal immigrants to get justice restored despite the radical changes that have been imposed upon us by globalists , leftists and , evolutionists
i sure wish you guys could find a way to stop them at the border .
mr. gowdy , please continue our fight for justice , we will except nothing less .
listen to rand and ted , i &apos;d rather see you standing next to them , then where i normally see you in pictures standing to the left of john boehner .
now lookout for the true obama .
happy new year to you too , senator , from a proud fellow charleston southern buccaneer .
right after obama &apos;s executive amnesty announcement , the white house confirmed to the washington post that illegal aliens who get amnesty from obama — paid for by boehner , and any republican who votes for this omnibus bill — will have access to social security benefits .
it is time for the senate to listen to the american people like the house listened to the american people last week .
god will judge you , and it won &apos;t turn out like you think .
lots of mosquito &apos;s in georgia !
get rid of them all ! ! ! !
marion- he does not pay for his vacations .
scott , please introduce a bill to limit all elected officials to two terms ... period .
he is just the man that will bring the american people together , for the people and by the people !
marco u need 2 fix the party this anti latino which is also anti growth position may win ky but u can win primaries w / o the base .
the individual who released this information is a traitor .
scott , i think the meetings went well especially the one in sparta .
support a comprehensive immigration reform mr. lankford .
and those same people who are cutting off our heads in other areas of the world are welcomed with open arms by our border patrol
then do something to stop him and quit talking about it
obamacare benefits absolutely noone except the insurance companies in that they no longer have to pay diddly squat , and of course every single member of congress because they don &apos;t have to participate .
we need to not only impeach obama , but we have to convict him too .
intelligent people understand why the debt ceiling must be raised .
we want paul ryan gone .
100 % true bruce .
keep the faith rand .
trey gowdy has my vote
obamacare is really romneycare ! ! ! !
keep sticking to your principles on spending cuts and reducing taxes even when the rest of your spineless party caves in .
armed plain clothes security officers
this hold on immigration doent mean it will be for ever but we have to lock down our boards that way we are able to focus on the people that would like to destroy our great nation .
get back to sarah palin mccain and go back to crossing party lines .
mcclintock is absolutely spot on .
stand your ground and show your constituents that you hear us and will do what we ask and not what anyone in washington wants you to do !
please do not let america and us down ! ! !
we are talking about the constitution and president who said himself &quot; i do not have the authority to be an emporer .
go after them , sen. graham !
vote to defund planned parenthood
it &apos;s not keeping anyone safe and goes against the founding principles of our country , not to mention the christian values you claim to defend .
note the lack of money being deposited by the democrats against trump and all of it going on rubio .
if you cant get it passed as legislation , then declare it by executive order .
congrats , getting clout , too bad your hanging with rubio , romney and bush , all very bad back peddling people
when it comes to crap like this , the gop should be the party of hell no !
the john mccain i would have voted for in 2000 , is back !
no internet tax we the people are on the verge of a major split concerning this minute material called money
boehner is not the person to do this .
..... how are you able to see it ... ? ...... hey christie , when you go to the bathroom , how do you find that little thing ...... ?
snowden is a patriot and a hero - the likes of which we haven &apos;t seen in a long time !
mr. gowdy , this is a beautiful eulogy .
hope to god he gets your position , because you , paul ryan have been a worthless , gop , dividing factor in the destruction of the republic party .
i disagree with you sir .
do not cave into obama on this nomination ! ! ! ! ! ! !
he is a disgrace to conservatives and even republicans
thanks lindsey .
you &apos;re a good man , trey gowdy .
flat tax .... and take the tax penalty away for obamacare ... oops ... affordable care act because insurance has skyrocketed with obamas agenda to destroy the u.s. and nothing being done to put it to a halt .
let &apos;s clone him and rand paul .
senator paul , keep up the fight !
did you forget that you work for us the people of tennessee ... seems it is time that you got your head out of the sand and listen to what we are saying and telling you .
start with clipping the wings of the irs .
that was a inside job not a terrorist attack , oh my vern , three bkdgs of that size dont cone down at free fall speed into thier own footprints .
reject betsy devos - future generations of children &apos;s minds are at stake !
it is unpatriotic for conservatives to continue to look for some truth in their small-minded conspiracy theories .
local districts and states should be making educational decisions , not government representatives , some of whom have no business telling schools what to teach .
thankyou bruce .
i agree with you bruce .
you and mccain have spent too much time up obama &apos;s butt to represent the republican party .
sounds like he has broken his presidential oath and should be removed from office .
i have always liked mr crapo and was there when he first ran for office .
because i want you to stop obama !
im an out of work government contractor who works on resetting military trucks and theres not enough money in the budget to put me back to work yet he wants to give millions to a rich gulf oil state ?
i agree with josh and how can the senate stand by and not have this guy tried as an enemy combatant ... when is obama responsible for his job ?
harry wants to blame republicans for losing more tourist € , £ , ¥ , $ by exposing the blatant waste of taxpayers dollars .
it is the obama administration that has done this ... no enforcement of laws in place ... pick out the laws you want to enforce and leave the rest alone ... better to get illegal votes that way ...
we need more people like you mia !
oh no criticism intended .
good , but the debate should have been about why dhs should not be funded .
defund ocare , kill s744 , hands off 2nd amendment , no syria
god save america !
p. has been up to no good all this time and nobody has done anything anout it .
i would have thought paul would have been a contender this year .
that would be the subsidies that boehner lobbied to keep ?
so lets get him impeached .
u are one of the few including rubio nd cruz who aren &apos;t afraid to speak their minds .
john mccain didn &apos;t vote with you he is a traitor i feel sorry for him .
open up off shore drilling for oil , cut regs that are killing business expansion ( epa etc ) , repeal obamacare for the same reason , are just three off the top of my head .
wish paul ryan was our candidate !
mr paul how is life for those folks in china ?
all foreign aid should end , as well as all interfering of other sovereign nations .
go ron paul .
do something then , you rino hump ...
we sent you to stop the obama agenda and republicans just enabled him to implement all his godless , anti american , measures , all with the tip of his pen .
the president is on the job , not playing golf or grandstanding in front of the cameras giving out ideologically tinged misinformation .
dingy harry will not let it pass
i appreciate that info , james , and i realize we have it pretty good -- i truly do .
yeah and time and time again congress does nothing !
obama can do anything he likes and no republican would have the nerve .
wonder if obama is going to his funeral .
elise , your voting record indicates you are following paul ryan &apos;s agenda concerning the aca , the environment , watering down of business and banking regulations etc .
get out of here marco .
he has been in office almost 5 years , are you better off than you were 5 years ago ?
please defund obamacare now , if this monster gets out of the box you won &apos;t be able to get it back in .
trey gowdy does deliver the message i like to hear .
i thought dr. king wanted people to be considered by the content of their character , not the color of their skin .
there would be no filing requirement with the the fair tax unless you had a business .
you should have stood up for america against the clintons a long time ago !
you are right our latin american countries are lawless and corruption is rampant .
i called senator collins and king ... not expecting them to agree , but i asked for their support .
flat and uninformed .
continue president obama &apos;s deficit reduction plan which has taken the $ 1.4 trillion deficit left by george bush down to it &apos;s current cbo-certified $ 598 million , 60 % reduction over 4 years .
mia ; you rode the fence on pre election and now post election you jump on board !
trey thanks for your leadership .
fortunately for you , tom cotton makes you look sort of like a statesman .
god bless you , mrs marsha .
obamacare is the law and has nothing to do with our economic problems .
your comment makes no sense mike
i believe we do need to secure our borders .
anything that can be done to stop obama &apos;s healthcare law is good for me !
pr is a little to late ! !
stand your ground and listen to that jiminey cricket in your ear !
it was to make sure every man could have a gun to hunt with , and to protect his family and neighbor against those who would want to take away the freedom the constitution gave to all americans .
good for you , sen. paul .
permanent delay
waiting for jesus to return hasn &apos;t worked in two millennium , so expecting for him to return in your lifetime doesn &apos;t hold out much hope .
that overwhelming rejection should show you how georgia citizens feel .
john mccain is wack and lame .
an amendment to the constitution for a balanced budget is a great idea as long as it has language making it impossible to change the rules or misinterpret them .
that flag has been history and not all bad but if encourages terror then it is a problem
but a vote for unqualified betsy devos does not shine a favorably light on your character or fortitude .
tim scott your 100 % right why i started putting a little in the sock i keep hid for a rainy day .hope we get a money savie congress not one bowing and grubbling to the lobbiest
anyone that supports amnesty is a turncoat .
they elected such a large republican majority because obama , reid , and pelosi have been a complete disaster .
what kind of socialist crap is this cathy ?
rand is too polarizing of a figure .
good news , mike .
good on you marco !
i do not support boehner as speaker , but he is correct .
last balanced budget ie surplus was clinton .
you did not stand with cruz during the fillibuster ... maybe you can back full repeal now ?
a simple no !
obama promised to run the most transparent government in history .
megan needs a man
merry christmas to you and your family senator scott !
please refrain irs agents from getting bonuses
surely the good state of north carolina has a statesman / woman that will rescue us from your madness .....
glad of mr. president &apos;s choice ... he is a up standing man , and will stand by the constitution ! !
you have the duty to stop obama from his detrimental foolhardy acts .
do not make any compromise with the illegals mr crapo .
justice roberts called the law constituional because it is a tax .
rep. jason chaffetz ( r-utah ) acknowledged on wednesday that house republicans had consciously voted to reduce the funds allocated to the state department for embassy security since winning the majority in 2010 .
defund it , and start again with reasonable minds where everyone who legislates it has to have it .
i am afraid , sen paul , that my vote will no longer go to you if you run for the potus .
because he cannot accept the american constitution since it is based on biblical principles and he believes the bible to be corrupt .
you know fiscal cliff , protecting the 2nd amendment , fighting the communist scourge ?
toubling for sure to see the wrong road we are traveling down , somebody turn this around before it is too late .
is not paying federal employees , losing millions per day in revenue from national parks , and not paying our debts resolving the long term debt crisis ?
shared bruce .
eliminate wasteful spending , cut down government intervention , explain why congress will not be participating in obamacare and maintaining your current plan , explain your lifetime pension and how that works , stop the therapy caps for our seniors .
it is the end of the fiscal year and nothing has been done .
do not back down stay on ted cruz &apos;s side !
to the honorable mr. bilirakis , sir , i am sending this message to you , to the house leadership , and to each of the 230 representatives who voted in favor of h.j.
may the prayers around this country bring gods children into one .
the senate better not let him put anybody in before elections .
i &apos;ve worked in the south carolina public school system for over 16 years and am nationally certified , and i am so disappointed by your support of such a wildly unqualified nominee , senator .
show your appreciation to arizona voters by voting no for betsy devos .
before his term is over he will fix it where he is in office for life .
don &apos;t count on it obama doesn &apos;t like this bill
marco is a doer , marco is a leader .
you owe it to your constituents to represent them and stand up for our constitution and laws .
i have seen it cost a lot of jobs in the past 6 mo including my own .
hence the need for a flat tax .
congress did it &apos;s job numerous times by sending budgets to the senate - blame the senate for not even trying to come to an agreement , only voting against any budget that comes from a republican controlled congress .
i &apos;m grateful , senator mccain , for your position on the us relationship with russia .
several republicans joined democrats in voting &quot; yes &quot; on that vote , ignoring appeals by sen. ted cruz , r-texas , and other conservatives to stall the vote ..
keep going rand , don &apos;t give up .
right after obamacare is gone , next up ryan then mcconnell .
the only legit options in my mind are rand paul , donald j. trump , ted cruz and dr. ben carson ( the rest are all hot air and have a long history of building and / or supporting a bigger federal government and wall street &apos;s interests over the american people &apos;s . )
he said people could no longer chose keep their doctor ( example given was a doctor at northwestern university hospital ) and obama promised they could .
help us johnny isakson
well jane , how about you keep your ozombie butt out of sc and we will be just fine .
once the damages have been gather an recorded then we the people can go to court and have this abomination repealed .
give &apos; em hell , rand .
hang with them rand !
i greatly support you , rand .
ok , so do that and do not vote for the boehner compromise .
and override his veto
stop talking about it and start doing something about it !
brain dead liberal trash obuma is the one that needs to be held accountable for destroying america ! !
i &apos;m praying god will see throug ... h all of those who are scamming people out of their lives .
i dont know tom will we still be american or only in name .
you can look for a tea party backed candidate to cone forward any day now and he has full support of all the real conservatives in this district .
trey you are the best !
i agree with tom
speaker paul ryan
senator sir , i understand you &apos;re trying to get federal protection for y our precious corolla wild horses by way of the dept .
it is treasonous just like everything else he pulls on the american people .
senator you need to get our schools funded now .
obama wants america anything destroyed ; as we know it !
and mr bilirakus how about speaking up for a change and calling for impeachment for obama &apos;s violation of the war powers act.enough of the silent observation , you swore an oath to defend the constitution , please do .
the time to bring him up on charges is now .
and to all who don &apos;t know where vern stands on this agenda - do you not read the news or attend town hall meetings ?
and for the bail out gm wanted to pay back the goverment last year if i am not mistaken but um obama said nope dont pay us back i think they also wanted to poay a heck of a lot of interest also .
americans will be hit hard by their obamacare bill next year and will be shocked like they were this year with their smaller paychecks .
some jesus learning you got there jimmy .
with mcconnell and boehner in charge it will always be a yes for obama and his illegal acts .
you a a sell out , eating with nobama , and you need to apologize to rand paul .
why is he getting away with this , i would guess that they would have impeached bush if he had done this stuff .
potus has done nothing right .
its about time someone with brains and balls goes to washington
for further elucidation and political enlightenment , all concerned american patriots should check out www.vdare.com.
because if you did care , then you would have listened to us and done what is right .
if ryan was a conservative they wouldnt have him on the ticket !
the man is a traitor in my opinion and should have already been impeached .
praying it is over ridden .
this situation was created by potus refusing to enforce the laws of the land , and signing his dream act executive order .
congress and obama needs to cut spending
its just a show since he can veto you guys now .
put an end to obama &apos;s tyrannical regime ! ! !
power of prayer is incredible !
very thankful and pray for you daily sir .
how about you , speaker ryan .
if you were so worried about terrorist why aren &apos;t saudi arabia and egypt on the list ?
no is on this one either bro !
keep strong mia .
good point bruce .
he is our enemy .
maybe sally yates is interested in a senate seat from georgia .
but when are you all going to have the guts to impeach him ?
talk to ice officers about immigration
since it seems the vote is no , and our government says it will stop iran from having a nuclear weapon ... then it &apos;s time to get everyone to line up and take responsibility to protect the usa .
amen such brave men god bless them
the good news is tonight we get to witness the death of the republican party .
we do not need to send our military to help the muslim brotherhood and this is what i fear will happen .
you are a day late and a dollar short john ! ! !
amen to that , end corruption and with it take those who lives it so much like the clinton , the obummers , the lynch and the comey ... clean those swamps
nothing lower than a politician who would sacrifice american workers and our future by allowing obama &apos;s amnesty to stand .
praying your colleagues will start to be as faithful !
3. no bill should be passed that is more than 100 pages long .
impeach the dummy
a vote for cloture makes you a bad guy , no matter what you say ! !
it is a good thing gitmo is emptying out cause we are going to need those cells .
whether we are gop or democrats , we are one country , and have one constitution .
social conservative tea party republicans want to force their backwater ultra-conservative views on the rest of the country .
we are with you 100 % , don &apos;t pay attention to mccain and rest of the old men .
i believe in jesus christ , and he is about to come back ! !
and to this i ask senator moran , do you agree with these hotheads on here ?
but will you continue to sell utah out by being a crony for the mpaa / riaa and trying to censor the internet ?
we are your constituents in signal mountain , tn .
i understand people want to get rid of obama care but we have to have something to take its place .
go mitch go .
boehner has become the best and most sun tanned wimp in congress .
i pray you are right .
cut the money off !
repealing obamacare doesn &apos;t impress me .
thanks for your hard work bruce .
2016 might start ron paul &apos;s second term : p
our constitutional rights are not up for votes !
i was watching morning joe tuesday morning on msnbc and our president and senator harry reid were complaining about the &quot; extremists &quot; in the republican party holding them hostage .
maybe it is time that the government stopped issuing grants until the economy is fully recovered and the debt is paid off .
he ignores the constitution completely , so it &apos;s easy to believe obama would disregard that .
the people from oklahoma can always count on you to do what is right .
you lost my vote too you liberal coward
reagan and &quot; w &quot;
the conservative right wingers , like hensarling , cut funding from the public schools that would teach the child , they cut free lunch programs from schools to feed the children .
you would do more good for florida by being a good republican !
if the house sticks together , we hold 218 that say &apos;s we will not fund a continuing resolution that funds obamacare .
we need to look at every facit of government spending including defense
why congress afraid to stop him ? ?
please do want you need to do to arm our military recruiters .
well while on the campaign trail for rubio you better figure it out
but cuba has a lousy record as well .
thanks so much and shame on mccain and graham !
rand is not .
there would not have been default on the national debt .
the confederate flag is not an issue american &apos;s care about !
repeal obamacare ! ! ! ! !
stop obama from doing this .
you represent a conservative district .
rand , keep up the good work !
this needs to be done beore its to late , i think that congress and the senate is afraid of him , what has he threatened them with ? ? ? ? ? ?
mia what is congress going to do about it .
well obama has shown all of us about our constitution does it really matter ? ?
focus on the senate rand paul .
play more poker
i love johnny ,
damn liberal dem judge ...... so sorry mia ! ! !
bye bye obama care
absolute freedom is no freedom at all .
seems to me any bill the republicans introduce has a fat chance of passing in the senate and if it did obama would veto it ~
* * * asymmetric cyber-security threat * * * senator lankford --- if you have the moral courage to raise my concerns on the seante floor , i &apos;ll make a $ 1,000 donation to a mutually agreed upon charity ( on your behalf ) .
you &apos;ve dishonestly used the system to hold power , as john mccain calls it &quot; a fools errand &quot; without compromise .
trey gowdy should be a president next
@ treygowdy trey please help america ! ! !
i &apos;m just a reagan conservative .
representative poe might want to read up on this issue before he pulls a rick perry and embarrasses texas further .
he is probably to busy trying to put the screw to us american citizens .
if the rest of congress were johnny isaksons we wouldn &apos;t have a problem !
go out watch : http : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = g1dmgb _ rfms this is the world that would make mr. daniel webster and his string pullers happy ! ! ! !
chick peas and green olives senator mccain .
too little too late bucko !
you caved and america is disappointed in your choice to support the bill
god bless and godspeed !
it &apos;s about someone did something , if you don &apos;t like it come up with some thing better , republicans have said there main goal was to see the president fail .
i totally wanna visit cuba an smoke cigars
how about supporting our constitution instead of blindly sucking up to the president !
your a rino and at this point , your about worthless to me .
so , james inhofe , betsy devos bought you too , huh ?
lee please save the epa , the environment is one of our most important resources , we can &apos;t let the trump administration destroy the hard work that washington has put into it for the past 100 + years
you want to bust them tom ?
it sure is - this administration does not want america to thrive in any way !
jo .... democrats want nothing to do with obama &apos;s jobs bill .
why don &apos;t you mention what obama fell into when he took over from bush
that &apos;s the conservative mantra isn &apos;t it ?
not holding my breathe ... i don &apos;t trust him as far as i can throw an elephant ; history of bho = destroying this country to aid the enemies within our government , all imported illegal immigrants , and the factions of terror outside our borders .
why is boehner wasting political capital on a plan that will be doomed in the senate ?
no mamen
that tells me he is doing something right .
this is no joke : you will always be rewarded for standing up for the constitution .
i totally agree , congressman bob gibbs
and he contributed to obama &apos;s campaign .
mr. gowdy , i find myself unable to disagree with anything you say or put forth .
take a good look around washington if i have anything to do with it you will not represent the great state of georgia another term .
we need to feel safe let the marine corps eliminate the problem .
just like congress to not understand the constitution .
i guess the previous government , should have done something about it .
your fired you don &apos;t even pretend to give a s _ _ _ about the people of oklahoma maybe so hearing aides would help but i doubt it you just flat don &apos;t give a crap about we the people
if i see one republican vote for higher taxes i am outta here ! !
he wants to be pres .
who are they and why don &apos;t they support the constitution if they are rightwing ?
let the other guy do it after we impeachment him .
carly fiorina did a superb job .
audit the fed tom .
why can &apos;t congress override him .
obama has a well informed and trained handler in valerie jarrett .
impeach him for treason and fraud , then publicly hang him
now to get rid of this illegal alien bill .
tim , now that you are a senator will you continue to ignore questions asked via email on your web page ?
didn &apos;t florida pick trump ?
mr. senator please stop humiliating the people of south dakota .
as mccain initially mentioned , we should be thinking jail time , not just firings or paid leave times .
ms. love , please extend our support for mr. gowdy in seeking the position of majority leader .
now the election of constitutional conservatives in thehouse and senate must be our focus .
god be with you mia !
praying for wisdom upon you and your fellow representatives everyday .
in short , talk less , listen more , sir .
i appreciate you mr. paul however i do not trust holder any more then obama .
you bring up a valid point senator paul .
you go scott desjarlais
harry reid would have to stop funding his singing cowboys .
sounds like johnny did good
i am praying for your success down here in louisiana .
when will our elected officials finally listen to what the people want ?
stand strong with a stiff back unlike the speaker .
2.3 % cut is nothing , we need to cut 15 % at least .
sir please save the chest thumping till you are done cleaning it up.that is one minor step as much more needs to be done
personnel tax &apos;s gone &amp; replaced with a national sales tax .
yes tyler , may the lord bless you , but thanks to him at leastjohn , you , and me know what time it is !
oh there are plenty of valid reasons to oppose this totally unqualified nominee .
there are the stupid people who couldn &apos;t see thru all his lies , so why are people upset when things like the debt ceiling happen again , or another war we are part of ?
bill wilson is president of americans for limited government .
ok paul so now you &apos;re trying to tell us that we can trust you ?
we have enough damage that has been done by obama .
we &apos;re never going to get rid of the illegals .
mr. gowdy , i agree with everything you said with the exception of the preconception that law enforcement is killing innocent citizens .
vote no to devos
please initiate impeachment proceedings !
i &apos;m sorry tom but you are wrong !
why be scared of a president who should be impeached and has the lowest approval rating of all .
defund the nsa and fully repeal the patriot act .
pray you never have to deal with it .
if only you hadn &apos;t voted for ryan you pos liar
cuz hes evil
scott , thanks for what you do .
where was your outrage then , mr. ryan and conservative supporters of ryan and trump ? ? ? ? ? ?
the next time someone suggests we send our young men and women to war , make sure there is a real reason to do so !
the eighty rightwing extremists and anarchists , along with the house leadership , have put their insane ideological values , defund the aca , above the normal legislative budgeting process and have chosen to shut down the american government , inflicting much unnecessary pain and inconvenience on all us citizens ! ! !
rene norton : there are lots of other people that are responsible for bringing jobs to florida .
also , not related to taxes , but all elected officials must not have any retirement , medical plan or other perk that is not available to all citizens - no special arrangements .
tillis
you can all of this if you pass a clean cr .
children are his heritage from the lord !
funding the troops if there is a govt shutdown .
the people do not know enough about obama care because all the gop can do is lies about it , matter of fact the gop lie the most ....... http : / / www.theatlanticwire.com / politics / 2013 / 05 / politifact-lies-republicans-vs-democrats / 65688 /
doesn &apos;t congress control the purse strings .. why haven &apos;t you guys cut spending ?
thank god for your good sense mr. graham , we need more like you !
a third party is coming , wait and see .
mccain is was a traitor during nam and he is still a traitor ! ! !
yes , i absolutely agree that senator rand paul would be the worst president ever .
contribute to the senate conservatives fund .
political double talk mr. jerry moran .
hoo ray for charleston and the people there , that &apos;s class
no matter how true it may be , blaming the republican congress won &apos;t energize the independents .
the guy cheating on his wife with a former newscaster from south dakota is critical of someone else not being trustworthy ?
how dare anyone in our government that has allowed obama to do , these lawless acts.if any of them have and we know they have , they need to be in prison as well .
he is close to doubling the national debt in 6 years and still spending like a drunken sailor .
the easy solution for all of us is to ask for a few percent more tax until we have a balanced budget ... or cut the military back .
yes authority .
he need get office he have not did for south carolina but bent the people taxes money
@ bob perhaps you did not hear the last gop debate , but our wonderful president has slashed our military even further than carter .
omg - really mr. moran .
rinos do what rinos do .
we need obama control
i say it is high ti.me to flush the entire white house and current administration and put some ordinary americans in there that care about our country and our people
we are forced to have a balanced budget to live within our means .
we need the fair tax .
we need to do spring cleaning &amp; get rid of the rotting waste
bo has more $ to blow this year than last year .
in fact most of the border is nothing more than a barb wire fence .
okay , who said this , john mccain or lindsey graham , and do they know who the president consulted with in this matter ?
paul ryan this is not the way to run for president you took the easy way what you should have done start like everyone else from the beginning like starting elementary school .
hope i live long eniugh to see republicans take back all this goodwill !
would have been nice had johnny submitted the amendment himself years ago !
we need a town hall in bloomington-normal .
maybe congress will grow a spine and defund planned parenthood .
hey--you faithful conservative leader ... come home for a town hall meeting .
i &apos;m just proud of senator graham for his honesty , there is such a wild lying spree going on in dc !
congrats you spineless twat .
i respectfully ask that you start acting more like a true conservative on both financial and social matters .
specifically which part of his executive actions do you disagree with ?
before obamacare was passed we were paying together less than $ 375 a month with a $ 5000 deductible .
yes i agree 100 % , please we need someone to stand up for america not obama .
i believe that &apos;s the way god intented .
less than half ( 47 % ) the us is against obamacare and even less than that ( 39 % ) are against the aca ( obamacare ) .
the congress should all be impeached and new representation elected under term limits .
plus kentuckians just looooove some obamacare .
on top of no classroom experience , no academic training , terrible confirmation hearing , she evidently cut and pasted answers to the committee &apos;s written questions .
patraus has already told congress that our military is under the control of nato / un .
ted poe is a great conservative and patriot .
how about we abolish the epa and put those funds to use cleaning up the river they just poisoned ?
too bad the whole republican party doesn &apos;t believe that .
roy won &apos;t even debate purgason so we can have the opportunity to see the two side by side .
i think it is way past time to impeach obama and put eric holder in jail for all the crimes they have committed !
i have much respect for him and rand
point well taken senator rubio .
mr. mcclintock , isn &apos;t a huge part of the debt owed to the federal reserve as part of the scam where us dollars are created by loaning them into existence ?
with you in congress , god is blessing us !
proving obama and his agenda can not stand on it &apos;s or his own merits .
so find seven more and kill obamacare !
he is the worst president we have every had .
plus all bills must stand on their own merits ... no more attachments ... that will cut down on all the pork .
i live in trey goudy &apos;s district , but i keep up with all of you guys from south carolina .
if boehner negotiates away our 2nd amendment rights behind closed doors the same way he negotiated for higher taxes without any real cuts we are truly doomed !
but he has sent that same message to american people since he got elected .
come south to your new constituents in dunnellon .
freedom is dangerous , but i &apos;d rather have freedom than be safe with no freedom .
denis , earlier you pointed out the congressman who got money for interstate , that is one of the few obligations of the federal government , to build and maintain post roads , they have done so since the constitution was adopted .
a position you would not of had if you had voted against boehner .
you need to resign as speaker of the house , traitor ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
marco rubio 2016 ! ! !
perhaps it is time to repeal the lifetime free healthcare program they gave themselves at our expense !
wow , this created so many jobs here in the state of wyoming .
just a few years ago when i moved down here from the north you folks were going thru a controversy which you supposedly &quot; resolved &quot; by deciding that you would remove the flag from the capitol dome and place it on the confederate memorial .
to impeach obama and get a pres that likes our country
i &apos;d suggest rand close his mouth long enough to crack a history book .
what about our wait time still weeks out , no relief for aid and attendance either , but a illegal can be given relief within weeks ? ? ? ?
i am a constituent of senator graham , so this will most likely fall on deaf ears : support ted cruz !
looks like they just have the federal reserve print it ....
i wish we would impeach him and soon .
you will not lose your conservative base by voting &quot; nay &quot; on the these unconstitutional bills / amendments - as long as you explain in detail ( in a way us non-lawyers understand it lol ) why ... have confidence in us - we do listen ....
we elected you all to stop obama and his madmen from destroying this country and you all have done nothing .
i am sure you will cave like you did with the debt deal
get rid of the senate immediately !
romney is not a conservative , his views not far from obama &apos;s .
if you continue to support this administration and will not speak out for what is right for this country and sc , shame on you .
do you know that obama got osama ?
that said , the bad put in place clearly targets a single religion , as amplified by the potus stating that christians should get preference .
potus has his own agenda .
these american patriots are standing for you .
i can think of no better way to spend our tax money then protecting our kids .
freedom is big business for our government isnt it trey ! !
aren &apos;t there some reagan adminstration-era folks up there on capitol hill that you could be more acquainted with ?
congressman , thank u for meeting them today , we had a great send off program last night at rose state .
you don &apos;t understand how the internet or the constitution work .
he has committed war crimes aiding and abetting terrorist broken multiple immigration laws .
and why the f * &amp; ^ has dhs ordered over a billion hollow point bullets ?
please reconsider and do your own research- not just listen to someone interviewing for a job .
stop giving money money to illegal aliens , syrian and cuban refugees .
we in texas are pulling for you , mia .
president obama has reduced the national debt .
and i don &apos;t blame the republican governors who held their nose and chose to implement the exchanges in their state .
it was voted in by congress , the people chose not to repeal the law , and the supreme court ruled in its favor .
and rand paul &apos; 16 !
george washington , then lincoln and last reagan .
you have not done your research , sir .
obama is the reason .
ask me that after rand paul gets elected .
even the help organizations aren &apos;t helping people today rand .
i have been a staunch conservative from an early age and i also believe in taking care of those who need help .
you got my vote james lankford .
close the borders please !
this is true , but , what &apos;s keeping you politicians from stopping him by impeachment ?
just don &apos;t understand why the government ( you ) have to subpoena the records from the government .
i would love to see impeachment proceedings after the new year .
cut obama &apos;s pay and give it to the v.a.
god is and always will be god , read the holy bible to see how important it is that we worship the one and only true god .
happy thanksgiving to you and your family and to your staffer &apos;s also .. god blessed you trey gowdy .
this rule led the conservative heritage foundation to declare that the opm exceeded its authority by offering subsidies for a health plan it doesn &apos;t administer , resulting in a &quot; special obamacare deal to congress . &quot;
god please intervene , we pray .
the fact that obama wants this makes him a traitor and one who has committed treason .
big government is the cause of our debt crisis , not the solution .
i think obama hopes this passes so when iran blows israel to shreds during the next administration , the republican in the whitehouse gets the blame ! ! !
you nor your cohorts in dc are not smarter or more intelligent than the people and the people are say no !
i pray you stick to the convictions stated above ! ! !
kevin will have my vote again as i believe him to be the best rep that ks has .
impeach obama _ biden now &amp; save america .
posse comitatus still applies if guardsmen are acting under national command authority .
if you supported ted cruz about defunding obama care , why are you in support of amnesty ?
well we decided way before you idiots in washington .
you &apos;ve already proved you &apos;ll cave when you voted for romney .
this political segregation is drowning our nation !
i hope you make him cry , rand .
supplying arms to rebels in libya , egypt and now syria ?
this guy yoho has no clue .
second , the bill includes the misguided and unconstitutional &quot; no budget , no pay &quot; provision .
so do something about it trey
beheaded by mccain and obama allies .
i am sure youd rather work with hillary you rino
our immigration policies are not broken but enforcing our immigration laws are !
i can &apos;t believe you voted for betsy devos .
in other words , republicans who keep avoiding the media with their agenda are all losing to outsiders to washington as trump , carson , fiorina , rubio , and cruz .
not sure how a school voucher system would work in wyoming
dr. carson only one i can think of ! ! !
trey grayson , you may recall , supported bill clinton .
but , he supports putin our enemy .
prayers going out to your family !
i mourn for that flag today and i hope the writers of history will someday record this as a debilitating wound instead of the mortal one i fear it is.- marcus webb
johnny from what i &apos;ve seen yourself and saxby voted for it and are sellouts
that is not integrity , you openly stated at the beginning of the debate &apos;s that you would support the republican nominee no matter who it was , and now you should stand by your pledge .
keep standing strong for eastern washington cathy !
i am writing you today senator isakson to urge you to vote for the majority of american people &apos;s wishes and vote no on cloture .
i &apos;m praying for our great country !
good job mr. graves .
he is hell bent on destroying america !
sucking up to trump after his win despite the republican establishment trying to stop him !
mr. rubio , you &apos;re absolutely correct ..... you &apos;re definitely not the man donald trump needs beside him for vice president .
obama admin to colonize idaho with thousands of muslim refugees from syria dinesh d &apos;souza claimed the barack hussein obama was &quot; anti-colonial &quot; in his film 2016 : obama &apos;s america .
limbaugh : gop leadership &quot; thugs &quot; for pushing amnesty against the will of the people .
impeach impeach that &apos;s all you heard ! ! ! !
super , boehner must go !
tim , hope discussions included consideration of employment opportunities for sc disabled community .
get your like-minded republican buddies and do something about it .
vote him out sc !
send obama to iraq and let them deal with him .
i thought more of you than that , mia .
will georgia ever ratify the era ?
even if we can &apos;t get override votes .
so stupid of you to put down your own race and try to pretend .. fox news is hiring ! !
look at any local government agency budget ( fire district , ambulance district , ema office , county roads and grounds , health department , school district ) and you will see federal tax dollars being spent .
we dont want obama care ! ! !
with iran , north korea and now the muslim brotherhood having nukes and given f-16 &apos;s .
civil charges alone don &apos;t cut it .
why then do you and your peers look away when this president does the same ?
graham , i agree with your post , but am skeptical on your approach .
you should have told him that and not answered that stupid hypothetical question !
i voted mitch but not for you
first the idiots name is john boehner he couldn &apos;t care less about working people nor does paul .
congressman king , it is time to impeach obama !
cut the purse string .
well obama hasn &apos;t done anything yet .
keep us updates on this and we will be praying for all these people and only god knwos all the reasons why ?
on fox news today , various commentators kept saying republicans are glad the scotus upheld obamacare , because republicans have not set up an alternative health plan to cover everyone .
so basically he &apos;s going to increase spending &amp; cut the revenues .
anyone have a possible solution---other than rehashing the past , impeachment and sundry other useless arguments-----support a free syria---stand up for the gassed children of syria .
did you just wake up paul ?
you certainly can &apos;t reason with anyone that accuses doug of &quot; supporting &quot; those lefties that put a bounty on zimmerman &apos;s head since doug had the audacity to agree that zimmerman be charged and given a fair trial .
rubio and rand paul ... we need you guys in the senate !
please be courageous and vote to oppose cloture .
i have been watching glen beck for a long time , he is the only one who talks about the crap that obama and his thugs are doing ! !
please find a way to stop obama from sending weapons to syria .
just defund obamacare .
lamar alexander voted for internet sales tax !
impeach on what grounds ?
well , well , hello paul ryan , you are finally awake ! ! !
dhs should be disbanded and the funds directed at the fbi and cbp .
i appreciate hearing from you , mia .
defund the un , please !
it would be awesome if you stood up to the mike and said , &quot; ladies and gentlemen , it &apos;s my honor to introduce to the convention , my father , dr. ron paul ! &quot;
immigration- kicking out the illegals
you are a disgrace to support someone who is clearly unqualified for the position .
i have little hope that you will stand firm on the issue of keeping guantanamo bay open in order to keep convicted terrorists off our american soil !
mr. mathis , were you for impeaching w. he abused the constitution .
the federal government .... hands down
thats what , &quot; we the people &quot; have been saying right along.y &apos;alls hearing aide needs new batteries .....
exactly right mia , this precisely why americans over the course of the last 8 years gave the congress and the senate to republicans .
sadly the balanced budget amendment shouldn &apos;t be attached to anything else .
he swore and oath as top law enforcer to up hold th constitution .
i &apos;m standing with rand .
i shudder to think of another four years with obama
sorry rand , no one is listening up there anymore and our country is no longer free .
ople that put you in office ! no amnesty !
he sends f16s and tanks to the muslim brotherhood in egypt but cuts our military
hang idiots who want to put conservative leaning people in the same position ... and do it live worldwide .
are we really now the divided socialist states of americo ?
he is not truly a conservative .
james lankford this obama needs to go he is taking america in the wrong way &lt; why dont any one in washington stand up to him and tell him he got to go .
that idiot believes all the msm &apos;s crap and thinks he is king idiot !
there is a section in our constitution that describes the powers of each branch of government .
hey rand how many stocks did you sell off before the crash ?
jeff , if you &apos;re considering a second term , vote no on cloture for obamacare , no on anti- 2nd amendment legislation , no on the further weakening of our borders .
i can &apos;t give an unqualified &quot; like &quot; to all off mike &apos;s program but let get to the business that we elect a congress to do .
why you claim yourself a libertarian while on the other hand saying the government has a right to invade a womans right to choose whether or not to terminate a fetus is mind boggling .
mia , i agree .
dave you &apos;re an idiot .
i still cant get past the fact that people here think the senate majority leader is rino .
but mr thune if your supporters and the people of america mean anything to you i urge you to fight for all said in darryls message .
sincerely , your constituent in georgia p.s.
kristi noem : conservative and good lookin &apos; !
johnny , just keep your cool in the debates .
prayers and common sense .
we would like to hear of your plan to stop this lawless administration !
now please fix the obama care mess .
i woul ddefinitely love to have a strong majority leader ... and trey gowdy is the man for the job !
bo wants us to default .
i just got off the phone with his office he will not be supporting ted cruz ! ! ! !
please gather all of your republican buddies and get rid of this entire dangerous administration !
there was another paul , that called the american people to fight a tyrannical government !
my neighbor showed me the newspaper with jobs that used to be $ 10 an hour now down to $ 5 an hour , after the amnesty .
compared to what israel is living with , our problems are minute .
if a person submits to a periodic check / renewal like is used in most states for conceal carry license , presentation of that license should be all that is needed at the time of purchase and no registration of the actual purchase should ever be recorded by the government .
quit fighting obama and try to do some good for the us .
is poo-poo baby senator thune upset because he is never a trending topic on facebook ?
cut the woodrow wilson legacy out of our government .
mr gowdy , we have no law .
the pope is too friendly to the obama agenda .
you as well , lee .
indeed , go to flat tax get rid of irs too much power time to go
rand , help the house of reps get a &quot; spine &quot; , assemble a voting &quot; block &quot; &amp; stop passage until wh &quot; wonder failure boy &quot; cuts in half the food stamps squandering of $ billions .
as opposed to the richest amongst us who work for a few hours to pay their tax bill ?
a vote for cloture is a vote to fund obamacare ! ! !
a bruce poliquin speech hits the spot !
he has accomplished a lot of good and many biased republicans need to take their blinders off and see those things instead of only the bad .
the president is cheating on the rules set up by article 2 of the constitution which states : &quot; the president has the right by the advice of the senate to appoint officers to government positions . &quot;
check your political egos at the door and get our country back on track !
he hurts anything he touches .
i guess instead of my big $ 45 a week that i spend on groceries , obama wants to cut it to $ 20 while the food stamp folks already eat a helluvalot better than we do !
replace it with ...... the free market and allow people to shop and buy insurance out of state .
may the impeachment proceedings begin and may god bless america .
who stood with ted cruze ?
no strikes !
congressman , when can we expect republicans in the house to propose serious reductions in appropriations for the operations of the federal government and its agencies .
if you really felt that budget cuts are necessary and wasteful spending should be eliminated then maybe you should have stuck to your guns and included that specificity in the debt ceiling negotiations instead of voting for it cleanly .
he is just now developing opinions on morality to try and muster the evangelical vote and somehow he has fooled most of them .
obamacare is not could for the citizens of this united states .
the tsa is out of control , along with the epa and irs .
the constitution is what our laws are on .
drop out like a good little marco
i watched it on fox news channel
oh trust me they have cut ppl .
at least you &apos;re honest about supporting boehner , congressman , even though he forced cromnibus ( with your help , no less ) on us all .
2. were honestly not going to be able to kick 30 million illegals out .
looks like the gop is holding the government hostage because they can &apos;t come up with a healthcare plan .
mia , i completely agree .
so very sad our countries leadership is up &quot; for sale &quot; - i expect our republicans stand up , hold true to the creed and do what ever you have to do to make our country strong once again .
as the isreali prime minister said in his address to congress , &quot; no deal is better then a bad deal . &quot;
obama needs to be impeach now .....
i &apos;m in nc
fees are no different from taxes , they still result in the government trying to fund positions by taking our money .
he is a liberal republican
you will not have my vote next time , you and john mc cain have let us true conservatives down and are just rinos !
which group of federal goverment are you talking about .
you &apos;re a hypocrite , in my book , as you voted no on requiring 45 to release his taxes .
obama is the god if the athiest &apos;s ..
we are tired of obama &apos;s shell game of spend now and make cuts later .
just wish senator graham would do the same !
first vote showed she had no backbone .
i would vote for you miss mia , but i &apos;m not in your district , i love you as a good american sister .
yes and none of you in washington are doing anything about it .
bruce poliquin- how much did you spend to make this a facebook sponsored post ?
if it does pass and is forced upon us and our churches this nation is longer one nation under god it will be one nation that has gone under !
through the abusive use of his power ( just like obama &apos;s abusive use of power ) , boehner has proven he is not a leader and is not qualified to be speaker of the house .
iphone lindsay
merry christmas mr gowdy you are the best /
impeach obama and repeal obamacare .
elect a conservative president .
we in the state of kentucky voted for him in the last presidential election as vice president for mitt romney at over 70 % for them .
mr. speaker , consider yourself and all of congress on notice .
nothing is stated concerning raising the debt ceiling and borrowing more money , and certainly not spending more money in the middle of a debt crisis .
send them back to their families where they belong , secure the boarder and then stop sending aide to the countries that breaks our laws .
actually , he &apos;s doing what congress should have done years ago .
you sir are no leader !
he doesn &apos;t want it fixed
you failed to manage the speaker .
our government has let us down .
keep up the good work scott !
no body wants to go there ! !
i pray that you will not accept the subsidy , that you will oppose the war , and that you will not fund obamacare .
mccain was out to eat with obama , nuff said .
rand isn &apos;t quite as good as his dad
i clicked the like button but seriously question one of your statements , ben sasse .
they pocket the money , but the 9 / 11 terrorists came from saudi-arabia and egypt .
god bless you and keep you well and strong .
this guy does not like you , he never will !
why we &apos;re at it - are you for repealing the bush tax cuts ?
we must not let down our guard .
sending them back across the border isn &apos;t humane , they &apos;ll have absolutely nowhere to go .
have him read the obama care bill out loud page by page .... then you all comment on it ...... love the support for him !
james , you really are proof conservatives are totally retarded .
very well stated mr. rubio .
now at long last in part to your vote he is out now are you going to do what you promised to get elected and not vote for another john boehner establishment type for say another seat at a table ... i don &apos;t know what is your price for your word .
i would rather give for gas then oklahoma losing everything
just don &apos;t vote to cut veterans pay any more johnny isakson ! ! !
i &apos;ll predict that the debt ceiling will be raised and obamacare won &apos;t be repealed .
americans should agree with you as we stand for america .
obamas unconstitutional orders are null and void !
yes , mike , it is an earned benefit as the social security funding only occurs when someone is employed ... both the worker &amp; the employer pay into it .
in case no one has noticed ..... those of us that have worked all our lives are nothing more than slaves to those that consider themselves the elite .
ted poe received $ 11,500 from the nra and $ 4791 from gun owners of america .
two things for you tom congressman thomas massie , stay away from mitch mcconnell and stay away from lobbyists and corporate ceos .
obama has changed and made so many laws without congressional consent and you guys in congress have done nothing in stopping him or holding obama accountable for all his criminal , unconstitutional , illegal and treasonous actions against the american people !
lisa , we need nothing new , just enforce what is in place .
you are piece of trash mccain .
btw , quit whining and come up with something better ...
another mess from obamma admin
he and his administration wants to destroy this country .
my wife is a teacher , and i want the federal government out of education , it is not a federal issue , if they would quit spending money on programs that are proven not to work , like head start , we could keep more of the money we earn .
jordan and egypt do not like us and yet you believe they do .
we need our politicians that we voted into office to stand up and say no more of this malarkey !
paul / amash 2012
tax compromise agreement should not include any provision to fund obamacare .
most on this post not from nc
good luck finding qualified teachers to go along with this buddy .
false flag operation / drill
washington politicians have let american citizens down .
bob dole , john mccain , &amp; mitt romney were all compromises rather than true defenders of constitutional liberty .
you are a big disapiontment can &apos;t count any politicain - 2014 / 2016 and get some fresh people , hopefully we get real and true conservatives - we can only count on rand paul
obama , in this very austere age , is planning to spend $ 84 million to promote obamacare .
earnest prayers for you and your family .
impeach his dumbness and let &apos;s take our country back .
again , so proud of rand paul and those who stood with him ............
i would like to see you standing 100 % with rand paul and ted cruz and making statements about defunding all of it .
we appreciate you and what you do tim scott for congress : )
when will someone do something about employees of homeland security employees being on the fbi watch list ? ? ? ?
as a parent i have spoken to dozens of other parents and educators , i have not met one who will vote for you again unless you cast your vote to keep mrs. devos out of the position of which she is grossly unqualified .
he can hug it out with obama
joe--how are you going to vote on king &apos;s ( ny ) bill that will totally defund obamacare ?
i agree that all members of congress should not be getting paid during the shutdown , i do not agree however with the thought that it is ok to hold the affordable care act hostage to get something done that should have been done way before obama became president .
senator inhofe you use this facebook as a look at all the great things i do but in reality you were no where to be found not did you show support for senator paul and those on the floor supporting him .
its time for them to move out of the way and let rand paul show them how is needs to be done ! ! !
no funding for obama care !
lindsey , lindsey he &apos;s our man !
you guys will get no where with mitch and boehner in charge , but then i think you are cut from the same cloth .. enjoy your ride on the fail train
if you plan on repealing it in its entirety that means that insurance companies will again be able to deny people coverage for pre-existing conditions and young people will not be able to stay on their parents insurance while they are in college ( up to age 26 ) .
mississippi is last in everything , can &apos;t we be a first here ?
the companies cannot afford the tax and the hospitals won &apos;t buy !
your father is truly the most remarkable man of my time , i can not thank him enough for all he has done , please continue his work rand we need you
it would be great if our elected officials would call obama out on his bold face lies .
praying for those families affected at the church &amp; for charleston .
thom tillis is next to hear about this !
do not be afraid ; do not be discouraged , for the lord your god will be with you wherever you go . &quot;
steve , this was brought on because b hussein said he refuses to negotiate .
when the republican party starts sticking to their principles then maybe but they have not kept there word .
i hope people will look at gary johnson , libertarian .
typical rino turncoat .
marsha said in private ... plenty of jobs in tenn shoveling snow ... nothing wrong with it .
taxpayer money doesn &apos;t go to fund abortions .
respectfully sir , i sure wish you were running for president instead of the options we have .
we need to rein in the debt and cut spending drastically .
you need to say this on national tv before it &apos;s too late
please focus on the real issue .... the diminishing of the legislative branch of the government to nothing and the destruction of the checks and balances which is the only longterm safeguard for our basic freedoms .
if he can write what he wants and we pay him to do it .
i just wayched and creid all the way through your &quot; pin drop &quot; speech at liberty university .
do not replace it .
those who have experienced negative effects due to obamacare , do not understand that it &apos;s not necessarily due to provisions within the aca .
! just small town constitution loving patriots on a budget ! 😉
obama is like a wayward torpedo !
yes , he should have been impeached long ago !
sounds like to me that obama and congress are just perverts themselves .
but ignore paul ryan , romney and the rest of the political hacks .
we are not stupid like democrats lindsey , we can read .
you took benefits away from our troops and are giving them to illegals ... you are a traitor ... you are as bad as obama !
&quot; heritage action ran critical internet advertisements in the districts of 100 republican lawmakers who had failed to sign a letter by a north carolina freshman , representative mark meadows , urging mr. boehner to take up the defunding cause . &quot;
better close the borders
common sense would say you don &apos;t arm your enemy .
i &apos;d like to see you , sen john thune , here in spearfish , at my patriotic legal immigrant friends house , explaining to them why the united states is making them leave the country when the us senate is doing nothing to force the illegal immigrants to leave !
one of my representatives emailed me back with some nonsense about how obama is taking action and how he ( the senator ) will always make sure money is going to the right places but that it is important to fund these countries because it somehow helps the economy over here hahaha ... smh ...
our president and congress swear to uphold our constitution .
the u.s. needs to make sure that we get pastor saed abedini sent back home as an act of good faith !
we need more men like ben sasse .
voting for cain would really increase our pain , that why a vote for her be down the drain , plus it &apos;s insain .
what is you plan and timeline for repaying the $ 2.5 trillion dollars that congress took from the social security trust fund to fund other government programs ?
he has done nothing to deserve the title of potus .
the government is no longer a constitutional republic but a monarch .
all well and good , but what about the furlough and the budget and the debt ceiling .
stand up and don &apos;t cave .
mia love you are so disappointing .
multi state healthcare - that is already in obamacare ,
a few months late and potentially a few votes short .
i believe the oklahoma people recognize experience and leadership when they see it , and it &apos;s my hope and prayer that he be returned to finish the things he has started .
it no longer matters if any congressman reads a bill , or signs a bill .
as well , it should be irrelevant whether a judge is conservative or liberal .
i never could figure out if lindsey was a republican or democrat .
they forget about sales tax , tax on fuel , utilities , cell phones and products we buy every day .
i love trey gowdy .
what gives any political group the authority to spend our tax dollars without some kind of oversight ?
it is a real shame you couldn &apos;t bring yourself to give your party &apos;s nominee , donald j. trump , full-throated support , by name , from the day he clinched the nomination .
now , that &apos;s my marco .
this is not immigration reform ... it &apos;s full amnesty for a whole bunch of criminals .
go on the show , then tomorrow vote for a clean cr and end this stupid shutdown .
you never mention repeal .
also do you find it curious that isis has never attacked israel ?
as one of your constituents , i urge you to vote no on betsy devos !
we didn &apos;t vote for you to do what you or obama thinks is best for us .
many republicans of the house signed a promise not to raise taxes .
israel needs to wipe hamas off the face of the earth !
mr. young is a huge advocate for what protects our country which is an intricate system of the military and dod civilians .
a balanced budget is needed .
chris christie has never been a republican - why does the party allow him to claim it - save the party kick him out
hey tom , you bring all this crap that this so called president does and yet you and all your republican politicians won &apos;t do anything to stop him .
i do not understand how obama gets away with his lies , deception and corruption ! ?
the president absolutely wants to dis-arm us .
senator crapo - you have yet to note on http : / / www.dontfundit.com exactly what it is that you will be doing to fight against obamacare .
tom , just in case you would like a little back up .
you people in washington dc are not that important ! !
this is such a clear violation of our constitutional freedoms that it is shocking .
you mr. young are part of what is wrong with washington d.c. and what &apos;s wrong with our country .
m i z z o u !
2. special prosecutor for benghazi .
i had to use the federal exchange because the state i live in now north carolina refuses to participate in the exchanges .
i do not understand why we send aid to countries that burn our flag .
that flag is my heritage .
stand firm or we will in removing each and every republican that continues to fell the american people
obama tries to control the people , criticize the person who is hurting the american people .
make sure you cut welfare now too ... don &apos;t want to pay for those fetuses that must not be aborted .
by the way scott , great job , a politician tennessee can be proud of 👍
actually , our freedoms were eroded more by the patriot act than by anything president obama has done since he took office .
very true tom .
or is this just information that once again , obama is breaking the law and nothing is going to be done about it , as like hillary , in the benghazi case and the irs ( luis lerner ) case ... and more ! ! !
the bill of rights is fine , but i want a candidate who will also be willing to govern according to our constitution .
i certainly hope you are right about devos .
how can we make sure there is no cover up ?
i do not support increasing the debt ceiling .
are we a country of lawless enfocement for illegals and yet we have to obey the laws ?
has emily cain ever had to work for a living ?
there are millions of constitutional conservatives .
lmao , how many times did letterman say &quot; i don &apos;t know why , but i just can &apos;t agree with you &quot; ..... probably because rand has that big &quot; r &quot; next to his name when he appears on tv .
i was told by cigna if they could cross state lines i could get private insurance for a very low premium i have no insurance
planned parenthood not being funded by christians , obamacare repealed , our servicemen brought home and helped financially and given the care and respect they are due .
if you have not had enough of obama by now , then you will never wake up ! ! ! !
good for you bruce poliquin .
and to your mr .
the first spending cut must be blocking congress ftom giving themselves a raise which they plan to do .
thanks vern , for listening to your constituents .
on this day , we are so thankful that god has raised you up to represent us here in the upstate of south carolina !
devos wants to defund public education .
kathy , isn &apos;t nice that you can express yourself here even though you obviously disagree with rand paul .
how dare you call the real defenders of the constitution wacko birds ?
he is a disgrace on sc !
yea because liberty is just &quot; wacky &quot;
) , lindsey !
i would rather kiss a toilet seat than listen to his lies .
abraham lincoln who brought our nation together ( and he was the first republican president ) and the one and only ronald regan .
i think they need to bet back and have him arrested for treason along with the rest of his idiot minions
for months , rubio has done nothing but criticize trump and point out how incredibly vulgar he is .
&quot; thank god that guy from texas didn &apos;t win , &quot; boehner said .
he needs to do more about islamic extremist like isis .
keep up the good work mia ! ! !
mia love - trump is not perfect but your enabling hillary clinton access to the white house is unacceptable and unforgivable .
do you have any shame that you just want this benghazi scandal to go away ?
very good statement overall , mia .
we no longer have a constitution , the lawmakers in washington don &apos;t follow it any more .
don &apos;t listen to those liberal idiots vern !
wake up , johnny .
the king thinks we will all blame the republicans for the shut down of the government having to do with immigration .
obama is a mistake
sure the property owners would be compensated , but the concept is inconsistent with libertarian philosophy .
in leaked tape mitch mcconnell admits the koch brothers are running the republican party
however the administration and congress create a lot of needless overhead .
if the president is unable or unwilling to assure the american public that he will not kill americans on u.s. soil then that reservation deserves further scrutiny .
ben sasse , the hon .
open the government , increase the debt limit and then you can negotiate .
that he hates all americans and loves all the middle east ! ! !
she &apos;s given 6 + million to the rnc and has no education experience .
i think they asked for a vote on a bill that was denied as the speaker shut the cameras off and sent everyone on vacation .tell the truth .quit lying to us .do your job !
i thank god for you and our other representatives in oklahoma .
put the coast guard under the department of defense and do away with homeland security .
our government is breaking the law and spineless bipartisan humans are to blame !
it seems obama wants to spend us into oblivion .
congrats and god bless !
well jnonny i know you or your staff read our commits , i think we have spoken , its up to you now , if you and your rinos dont take tis country down before electon day
this makes me sick , i &apos;m being furloughed losing 20 % of my pay , while my government gives away millions of dollars to foreign governments .
this nation was founded on the belief that we are a free people and the government is there to serve us not us serve them .
10 % of nothing is nothing the poor will not pay any more then they pay now 10 % of 1 million is what it is 10 percent how do fig they wont pay there fare share of taxes if its baced on income you make no sence ! ! !
impeachment he is not above the law --
best of luck mr. rubio !
their belief is sharia law is above government law ( which makes them anarchist ) .
these congressmen for not saving the constitution should recieve a pink slip and be voted out unless they perform , this congressmans office feels that an 80 year old is not in their right mind and should be ignored .
how can he keep getting away with this it seems he dosent care about the will of the people at all .
harry reid is a total ass ! ! !
impeach and prosecute .
too late now , he &apos;s president
the constitution states that the purpose of the federal government is to provide for the common defense and promote the general welfare .
i , also , like line item veto .
i have a question of concern is this true and if yes reason to worry and if yes why is congress not doing anything to stop this obama
the time for words sir is over , we need action from our senators , who work for us , to stop the madness .
you can tell mrs. mccain i said that .
ashamed they will throw our kids into uncertainty , our teachers who have no pay now , worry over jobs , ashamed of oklahoma being at the bottom of the us in education .
they prefer freedom instead .
no one but god is going to help this evil .. i pray he has mercy on america !
everyone is just sitting back while he takes over w his muslim brotherhood cronies .
they voted for him because he gave them things , now he can take it all back .
happy thanksgiving , trey gowdy , to you and your beloved family !
shouldn &apos;t you share that information with boehner who negotiated with reid to exempt congress ?
however , god is still in control and he doesn &apos;t like lies , cover ups and evil .
i &apos;m sorry was to hear you be so on the fence before he won .
if he is on the ticket , he has my vote ! !
ron paul 2012 ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
this uncontrolled immigration has the potential for the destruction of this nation or any nation which does nothing to control its borders and openly gives welfare to all comers .
keep trying vern .
vote no to the war and bring back the military personal already over there .
if boehner gives up and you go along with him don &apos;t expect the voters in your district to be fooled .
how long until impeachment begins ?
i think it is extremely rude for you to question senator rubio , as he probably has more experience with cuba and their tyranny than you do .
have you already forgotten your vow to stand up and represent the people who elected you to support every effort to defund obamacare … ?
i &apos;d like to see our representatives from oklahoma stand up against this present dangerous administration in the white house .
imma find out when your next town hall meeting is and i &apos;ll see you there to ensure you don &apos;t overlook my opinion .
yes because obama will never do it because it would make the country stronger .
the only reason romney and obama even has a chance to be president is because people are brainwashed into believing that a vote for a 3rd party candidate is a waisted vote .
mr scott davis !
to little to late from the &apos; the speaker &apos; .
neither will rand paul , luke peets .
why can &apos;t congress see that and get rid of it .
more support for idaho schools would be great .
read this and then answer why obama blames everyone else but seems to always surround himself with the very crooks he blames .
hope the rest of the repubs will hold firm .
come on marco , get on board with trump !
and a generous contributor to the republican party
handing out licenses is wrong , apparently using a tax benefit for hard working maine loggers so you only pay $ 21 for a multimillion $ estate is ok .
senator scott not only has my insurance renewed twice this year but the premium increased $ 250 the 1st time in april &amp; now december 1st it increased another $ 187 no change in coverage , no options .
their current front-runner in the gop primary is herman cain - a koch-brother funded puppet who has no interest in helping working people .
ethan fosse .. you are a hysterical brainwashed sheep .. there is a way to repeal the second amendment .. but you and your ilk dont have the guts
trey for president ..... or at least ag !
good job mia love .
i think its up to each individual state to opt out .. if that is the case lindsey talk to our governor about it .
the bill was never about healthcare anyway - it &apos;s all about government control .
why hasn &apos;t he been impeached yet ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
# no amnesty articles of impeachment , please .
the american people , the people of alabama do not want our tax dollars going to these sadistic people ! ! !
the rebels that obama wants to aid are al-queda ! ! !
no i do not agree
ted , please vote for louis gohmert for speaker .
as always you have hit the proverbial nail on the head sen. rubio
the national security administration is the source of all lawless activity and blatant disregard for the constitution at this moment , which is why all members of the us house permanent select committee on intelligence ( hpsci ) should be removed .
i do not trust trey gowdy , he certainly does talk a great game , but i have not seen any action come out of anything he has been involved in .
have prayed numerous times today for the family members not only did i lose 9 fellow south carolinians but 9 fellow believers in christ such a sad day
characterizing this one awful man &apos;s actions by his country of origin , color or religion is like blaming timothy mcvey actions as reflecting his whiteness , his christianity and his being from oklahoma .
i don &apos;t often say this about anyone , let alone elected officials , but senator rubio , you disgusted me today .
congressman james , why is it that our leaders have never mentioned the social security shortfall is largely caused by the 50 + million babies that have been aborted .
in addition , the irs under the bush administration was accused of targeting liberal churches in 2004 and 2006 .
perhaps those who think they know so much about politics should think twice before going off on senator scott , who is simply stating the ball is rolling now for disaster relief in sc from fema that does not need congressional approval .
you made me leave the libertarian party !
the real problem is the communist government of the castro brothers , raul and fidel , who have forced the cuban people to live under a dictatorship with no freedoms .
if you a true conservative and i am doubting that after that last vote , you will not for boehner .
i think his priority is to secure the border , and to enforce the law .
is that the reason you are supporting a clearly unqualified candidate ?
why can &apos;t republicans do anything but pass anti-abortion bills and try to repeal the affordable care act ?
he said he wanted to talk with meet with congress .
vern , , , y in the heck didnt u run ? ? ? ?
i voted for you , sen. scott and often write to you .
hey ben , stfu .
i am for our senators in kansas .
and has been ignoring our constitution , invading our privacy plus destroying our country .
congress should be defunding planned parenthood and start on getting our people out of the iranian prison instead of what kind of food we should eat .
i am still in scott walker &apos;s corner , but ben delivered precision answers with sincerity and spoke like someone with character , rather than a politician .
just like all the old guard
congratulations senator scott , proud to call you my senator !
obama has forgotten , if he ever knew it , that all the muslim nations supported hitler and the nazis during wwii .
that should have been done sooner but better late then never .
great idea , cut the spending , stop the regulations , pass the fairtax .
so yes mr. president when ?
stephanie hawkins look what a us senator from oklahoma had to say about your backyard in texas !
when do you plan on bowing to dictators mr. rand paul
let rand paul stand up if you are too much of a weenie !
hey you voted for his budget , the gop is obama .
while your at it , go ahead and change the presidential term limits to 3 years since yall aren &apos;t gonna let the president to do his job for the last 12 months
mccain , just get it over with and declare for the democrats .
yes impeach a president with a 60 % approval and praise a do nothing congress at 14 % .
letting them screw with our hours of service , now that would be a no brainer--where is our freedom out here .
senator mccain , i applaud you putting country ahead of party .
mike houser kansas state representative district 1
&quot; ryan &apos;s 2012 budget plan called for discretionary spending of about $ 1.062 trillion ( inflation-adjusted dollars ) for fiscal 2014 , while the senate democrats &apos; budget resolution calls for spending of $ 1.058 trillion . &quot;
you are awful ... you shut down government because you refuse to bend to the will of the people on obamacare .
when one leader does what he wants without hesitation and shoves it down anothers throat is a dictatorship ! ! !
why don &apos;t you ask boehner what to do i &apos;m sure a bunch of good ol boys like yourselves can figure out some way to trick people into voting for you again !
mr. trey gowdy we had faith in you ... i was appalled when patrious was indited .
paul ryan wsj : here &apos;s how we can end this stalemate .
now impeach him !
shut it down till obamacare is in the trash .
no comprise stand up for what you believe in comprise is why we are where we are today
illegal immigration is right up there by the top of the list .
no that &apos;s not who i want he is to far out for me we need some one who can work with both sides mcmcarthy , gowdy is a me me person
bush had done half of this the press and liberals would be screaming .
as a conservative that is dropping out of the republican party , were looking for a replacement for you also .
most of this state is rural , and therefore devos will be a disaster for our state &apos;s education and most of rural tennessee votes republican i might add !
so you cannot blame , we the people , at this point to say one way or another , since we are just listen where the republican party moves in this early stage of the run for president .
and a veto can be overridden as many other repliers have pointed out .
liar , liar pants on fire ..... the truth-o-meter says : rubio under obamacare , &quot; 75 percent of small businesses now say they are going to be forced to either fire workers or cut their hours . &quot;
keep up the good work in standing up for what is right , it &apos;s time to expose the corruption !
i &apos;m glad you &apos;re with us paul .
if rand voted for it for a good reason then let him share it .....
our prayers are with them !
i wouldn &apos;t mind seeing him with a mia love running mate .
we love you mia keep the good work
your statement gives him some cover even though federal judges have already ruled it unconstitutional .
no it isn &apos;t ... one consistent thing about government is how they fund / budget ... and purchase ... multiple agencies don &apos;t even buy toilet paper together !
i wish you got speaker .
senator , please vote &quot; no &quot; on cloture .
broader are wide open , but all of this has to comd to pass before my lord and savior to return , jesus said when these thing come to pass your , look up your time grows nigh
we are getting louder by the minute &amp; will question ever decision made in our names .
trump is not the best conservative candidate and we are all fighting among ourselves like whiny children that didn &apos;t get the extra sprinkles on their ice-cream cone .
mr. mccain if you guys don &apos;t get your act together and start to support the president 100 % you &apos;ll end up regretting it because the enemy is embellish in our belly and our president is trying to protect us .
i guess our country isn &apos;t about freedom anymore ...
also congratulations to greg hembree and my friend greg duckworthy
let &apos;s get the republican party together and nominate someone who is electable .
marsha , you &apos;re one of the good guys .
3. us constitution treason against the united states , shall consist only in levying war against them , or in adhering to their enemies , giving them aid and comfort .
reagan was not establishment in 1980 but he won because he was a conservative with a bold plan .
make a budget , stick to the budget and lower the debt ceiling after you defund obamacare ! !
so ms love !
it is unproductive it is not a good place to be when all latin american countries and the world see us as isolationist with cuba .
allowing gitmo criminals into us and syrian refugees that are known terrorists groups are posing as refugees .
beware , liberal republicans like enzi are not friends of conservatives .
no more voting to fund planned parenthood brad !
he &apos;s unqualified to be head of the epa .
you had the opportunity to make a difference today and you voted for the same old leadership that has proven it supports obama more than conservative causes .
congressman mchenry is a member of the house financial services committee , which deals with federal legislation related to the securities market , banking , insurance and real estate .
lou didn &apos;t get a chance to give &apos; em hell .
from dick morris &apos; book screwed • pakistan uses our aid – which provides the bulk of their military and intelligence funding – to aid terror groups that kill americans .
like rubio and mccain you are just another rino ... working to aid and assist foreign national hispanic invaders against the american people .... shameful and disgraceful when the american people told you loud and clear we do not want this .
like cornyn .
finally , rand paul wins .
i know i will be joining the judge on fox business &apos; freedom watch tomorrow night .
what kind of a qualified hhs secretary is surprised because obamacare will cost more than they thought ?
when are the members of the house and senate gonna impeach this muslim marxist jihadist trojan horse ?
mcclintock et al don &apos;t think they should have to negotiate , but that the dems should .
we should trust this maniac that wonders why we have nukes if we aren &apos;t going to use them ? ! !
the house gop need to open the government , fund the law aca , and quit holding the country hostage .
congratulations i know you will be a great congressman and will represent our district well in washington
you need to sit down with rand paul and have a little chat , he understands what needs to be done .
as long as we keep giving them free handouts they have no incentive to take a job .
wow , thanks for nothing mr. ryan .
for a lasting budget deal can only work if both parties can be counted on to be both responsible and honest — and house republicans have just demonstrated , as clearly as anyone could wish , that they are neither .
me and my family are staying out of debt the government has already burdened us with to much debt !
he has overstepped his authority several times .
what are you doing to stop the flow of syrian refugees into ga. you need to stand up for us on this until these people can be thoroughly investigated .
god bless our troops , and god bless america !
eliminate those items if you want but keep the tax at a level which can fix roads , bridges etc .
he needs to be voted out of congress , no if &apos;s , ands or buts ! ! !
i know why ...... cause the pres only wants people around him that has drank his kool-aid
we defend ourselves from obama !
deduct the amount equally from the foreign aid budget .
i will not vote for you when you come up for re-election if you fail to fight for what is right by refusing to vote for cloture .
open your eyes if you cannot see what the federal government is doing to us
all foreign aide need sto be cut of period and its time to impeach obama fast and furious and more
so why did facebook light up today with a statement that he is on the fence and taking a tally of yes and no votes ?
find a better conservative candidate that is qualified
2 tn senators will not get my vote and will do everything i can to see they don not get re-elected
i love all conservatives
it &apos;s more accurate to say &quot; my kid will pay you in a few thousand tuesdays for a cell phone , food stamps &amp; pork spending today ! &quot;
that &apos;s the biggest load of political double-speak we &apos;ve heard from you in a while sen. enzi .
no american should have to live like that .
you will not get this republicans vote towards your next election .
obama has many failings in handling the economy .
post trey gowdy we want you for speaker .
but we have reached the end of the road.now we either hold up the constitution higher than the offices of the federal goverment or embrace the cradle to grave idealology .
trey gowdy , you let us down !
go rand , may god be with you all the way !
if anyone wants to take a principled stand against spending - by all means do it .
god bless you and yours sir !
my father came from cuba in 1948 , not as an &quot; exile &quot; like his parents but as an legal immigrants and we assimilated into the american culture .
i am beginning to think this is all a planned farce by the obama administration .
and why does your party always vote against bills to strengthen our school system
stop obamacare .
the only word that comes to mind is -------- impeach !
our constitution is the united states of america &apos;s &quot; ruler . &quot;
just say no congressman vern buchanan
where in kansas and for whom or what ?
the only thing you will do is delay and intensify the collapse of our economy by raising the debt ceiling makes me wonder if congress has golden parachutes like the ceos of companies that they run into the ground and yet walk away with millions
behind you rubio for president !
dave , the truth is that a majority of dhs cannot be defunded by law , so any lapse will not jeopardize actual national security .
happy birthday , bruce !
ahhh the useful idiots are out in force praying to their idol obama for guidance
that &apos;s good because we all have to wait until sept for the debt man driving campaign to get over to get his tax and spend plan .
we cant wait til 2016 election , obama wil have all the ilegal here to vote for what he wants and all his terrorist buddies
we will not bow down to anyone except the lord jesus christ .
all i hear is more talk and no action .
fools call people names rand !
yeah they need to get some common sense and cut back dramatically on some of the crap they aqre spending the money on like defense and the entitilement programs
i have been working hard on this issue for many years now and hope this is the year we finally secure our border and fix our broken immigration system .
my condolences to senator tim scott and his family .
join hands with other true americans , the enemy is still a minority !
god bless and keep you in good health , sir , so that you can continue to fight for what is right !
time for reid to be gone
what an honor to represent the people of oklahoma .
defund obamacare 100 % .
you sir are not a republican , you do not uphold the constitution .
to the honorable rand paul .. we need more like you .
senator paul , a friend of mine flew on the plane with you today , 2 seats behind you , to baltimore / dc airport .
will you stand today against obama care , state exchange , and big government and keep me and my children free ?
obama has destroyed the economy , destroyed jobs , divided a nation , and blatantly curses our constitution .
i don &apos;t agree this time , sir .
tell the speaker get a backbone .
2 trillion dollars worth of pork and if you vote yes on this we fire you ! ! !
with the craziness of the republican primary there is no guarantee that 1 ) we win the presidency , or 2 ) we hold the senate .
so instead of just charging a pollution tax to all industries and letting the market decide , we don &apos;t charge a pollution tax and then try to subsidize the cleaner energy sources .
support hr 107 for impeachment , vote no on any new firearm bills , support the constitution , , , impeach the fraud
most importantly ... get rid of obamacare .
to replace congress .
tsa and dhs are the largest waste of the people &apos;s cash at any time in history and should be abolished .
to true mia
why can &apos;t we jus do an impeach of obama and put a good repub .
john mccain you are a great man and a great leader .
non of which , i believe are consistent with the new creation in christ jesus that god has made you to be .
go senetor crapo .
so again , sen. scott , please inform me of the date , location and time of the very important q &amp; a event you have scheduled to hear from your constituents .
president obama listened to millions opposed to the pipelines when he shut them down .
i am a georgia educator .
senator mccain i respect you as a person and i do believe you have the county &apos;s best interests in mind , which is why i &apos;m asking you to stop this tyranny .
people are blaming the republican party because that &apos;s who is at fault .
if by some freak chance he actually is eligible to be president , there are still enough other things he has done to remove him .
senator mccain , you have been hearing from me a lot lately .
a vote for cloture was a vote for funding obamacare .
we need more people like trey gowdy in gov &apos;t .
sir , can you please tell your just constituents that republican plans to repeal aca will not add to future deficits ?
blocking socialist ideologues wishing to pervert the constitution is an admirable thing senator
yoho , stop following orders from d.c. and listen to your ppl .
please consider talking about what you will do and how it will help mainers , while running against emily cain .
tim scott was my science teacher at charleston high - 1968 !
obama is a commie traitor and should be shot !
very disappointed in everyone who voted for boehner .
does he really know what he is going ?
rand paul ted cruz 2016
his cohorts in his administration are all guilty of treason , tyranny , and violating their oath .
it just baffles me how people that call themselves republicans and run on individual freedom to get elected can stand against and push legislation to prohibit that individual freedom .
if you had fought like cruz since 2010 we would have no obamacare and no obama .
how the hell does obummer keep getting his way ? ?
that &apos;s a pipeline that would be useful for the whole country
obama has what he wanted .
it &apos;s not worth the paper it &apos;s written on and obama is setting back and laughing at all of this crap !
now we need to disapprove any bill for aid to sandy victoms that is pork laden .
when are you politicians going to quit running your mouths and do something about it ?
semper fi patriot .
merry christmas mia and family .
elect trey gowdy house speaker
sc is a shining example of how we can find solutions .
according to the last four years , with the exception of the bail outs set up by the prior administration and tarp funds used to help try to right the mismanagement over the past administration this administration has actually done nothing to put your children as you have in more dept .
lucas : obamacare .
you are wrong on immigration , and you are wrong on the gun issues.these two are big issues in arizona to those of us who dont have armed security details like you mr. mccain .
the disdain obama and his ilk have toward the military is well-documented .
don &apos;t sell us out like rand !
louie hang in there because i pray we can get you more help in the next election .
ya &apos;ll have my support and prayers
and why is no one questioning mitch mcconnell &apos;s $ 3 billion of spending he got in the deal ? ? ?
the thing that bothers me the most is that it is not their money .... ayn rand said what level of man that thinks they are entitled to someone &apos;s elses wealth and toil when they themselves have none
our government has let us all down .
i was wondering are you a &quot; conservative republican &quot; such as we see in dc now or do you think that we should follow that constitution thing that was done away with so long ago ?
love ya mia wish i could vote for you .
you could have helped stop this train wreck that is about to happen to our schools , instead you &apos;re part of the wreck .
we put you in office to represent us and you &apos;ve all done nothing but betray us .
and no one wants the irs to have any authority over healthcare .
may god give you his wisdom .
washington is a screwed by mess .
those men where not other at time would go and their government flat let them down .
it is quite late for them to realize they have made a mistake .
ok we with you impeach him n dems n rep cause all r guilty of not upholding it
this whole administration is .. abuse ... do something about it .. talk is cheap ... lets take back this country
rosanne fernandez show dave
president wants our country to fall on its face .
you are vastly outclassed on this issue and you have conveniently forgotten what cuba has done in the past and continues to do today .
he sounded like you before we elected him but now he us just another boehner / ryan lackey .
i just got this email : there &apos;s more disturbing news to report on senator isakson today .
@ alan lee ( who encourages mcclintock to quit complaining and fix it ) : guess what- he ( and his fellow members of the people &apos;s house ) have done all they can to &quot; fix it . &quot;
i &apos;m guessing you meant the republican party .
we the people are tired of paying the salaries and benefits of those who do absolutely nothing but talk .
do no apologize !
praying for you and for them to have wisdom
well so was the secure fence act , which was passed in 2006 and called for an additional 370 miles of fence along the us / mexican border .
god please bless america again and protect us from every enemy - within and without - why is washington - the good guys like you - allowing him to get by with so much ?
and cruz has already said he is willing to do it again .
devos could not be more clearly unqualified .
senator mccain , i so wish you could have been our president !
betsy devos has 0 experience to qualify her for this appointment .
why don &apos;t we establish a conservative party and then have one of the conservatives register as a conservative during the general election ?
we do not even qualify for obamacare .
i &apos;ll be voting for you at cpac rand .
bruce i think from what i have heard from people they are not educated on what amnesty is , they think it &apos;s just mean that we can not help these people and take them in .
have to think that spending too much time in washington may make it hard to remember someone besides oneself .
well done , senator scott .
so please back ted cruz for president .
bingo mia !
? where the hell did you get that the border is safer now ........ you lousy bastard .......... you lieing s.o.b .......... look stay the hell out of arizona .. and behind or under your desk in washbasin d.c ........ your not wanted here ......
no one has brought up obamacare yet ....
obama is destroying america and should resign .
i hope you do because the president is not doing anything .
i don &apos;t know if he really believes the crap he says or is he just sucking up to this administration to try to procure funds for his debt riddened state .
james came to our home twice to meet people we had gathered for an informal breakfast and talk session .
mike , thanks for supporting and defending the constitution ! ! !
sounds paul ryan is applying lip gloss for the butt kissing he needs to do .
you know the libs are just going to stall until the potus has to declare an emergency so he can do it his way ... to his benifit and our nations detriment .
no exceptions ! ! ! !
while anything christian is being banned in the schools .
have you noticed that the last time california really worked , republicans were in charge of all the administration ?
but you and the rest of the republican house knew that you did not have the votes for any aca provisions .
back to original intent of our constitution .
ps health care in cuba is controlled by their government and it is so dismal the wealthy come here for treatment .
it will cover 32 million uninsured americans beginning in 2014 and mandates a suite of experimental measures to cut health care cost growth , the number one cause of america &apos;s long-term fiscal problems .
please america come together and make a real move forward lets get rid of these traitors in office now replace them with americans for americans .
obama needs a head check .
tom tillis don &apos;t allow the syrian refugees to enter the united states !
if you go this way then american constitution is not safe either .
this is just another prime example of the u.s. government getting involved in other countries affairs to help the enemy take control of that country .
i think this presidents policies are putting this nation in grave danger .
it saddens me to think that our president would put our homeland security at risk over a group of illegals that have not enters our country the correct way .
your standing up for the future of our children in sc and the country is very much needed .
there is no &quot; tradition &quot; of presidential attendance at generals &apos; funerals that obama &quot; bucked . &quot;
thanks for your service james .
there &apos;s no question your mom and dad .
obummer is a liar and traitor !
let &apos;s just take down the internet , marsha .
he knew you needed to be on these committees as a wise , godly man that our country needs to make decisions for us .
you , sir , are a disgrace to the american people .
i think the gov is afraid of the backlash if we tried to impeach obama .
flat tax sir .
we are sick to death of your big mouth along with graham .
rubio is very well loved in florida
most of foreign aid has been wasted on people who hate us .
how about real crimes in tennessee that go unpunished ?
you are too much of a pain ( pia ) to the establishment republicans and fox is really on their side .
congrats on the win rand !
i believe that he stands on constitutional principles .
another good resource for donation is samaritan &apos;s purse
the administration should intervene , immediately , to stop misapplication .
could these actions have been made better if you had voted to defund all government until we have a real budget .
wawawa crying rubio never like him it in the first place im glad he wont be pick we do not need him keep working for the establishment this mexican immigran and now us citizen will vote for trump 2016
please , never help our enemies with anything !
mr mccain , from a person who served is own county to a men who still doing it .
but everything is paid one way or another , so be ready for your balance sir , you cannot fool god ! !
why don &apos;t ya &apos;ll talk to real people that know what &apos;s going on in life , instead of wasting our time with ya &apos;ll bull !
no one &apos;s buying it , marsha .
be sure to also send pelosi , reid , feinstein , the rinos in congress and other assorted garbage in dc .
senator , you sir , are uninformed .
so ... what is my congressman going to do , huh bruce poliquin ?
back to you trey goudy- wishing you and you &apos;re family a wonderful thanksgiving .
obozo cant even spell budget much less make one !
where there is no oppression there can be no pauper hirelings . &quot;
article 5 of our constitution reigning in the federal government getting rid of common core in our schools .
this all sounds fine and dandy , but sen. flake is making the trigger sound stronger than it really is .
this veteran and patriot will not stand for such rubbish .
i looked at the bill and it has absolutely nothing to do with spending of federal resources , so all you guys that are making a connection between that and the federal deficit are not getting the idea .
he is to flaky .. if we compromise our constitution people we loose all .
the future of north carolina .
god bless the rubio family ! ! !
this was not just a repudiation of liberal philosophy , but also the establishment republicans .
brian - obviously you have not bothered to go to hear roy speak or you would know he is in favor of the repeal of obamacare .
go senator mccain go !
they letting there true colors shine through now and it looks nothing like jesus
and if you let this fbi mess go away you need to lose your job as well .
i am okay with it if in the long run it cuts down the debt like they say it will .
im a republican , but someone should have said that to bush !
congress is nothing but a bunch of padded pocket scum , who has lost all touch with the american people .
its obamas war on america
as fast as obama is moving we have little time to do so .
however this pick was stolen from obama by a obstructionist , do nothing republican congress .
i guess sir we now know you as clueless as she is .
your &quot; no &quot; vote on friday signals that if you had the opportunity , you would join house republicans in shutting down the government .
god bless you , senator scott !
he lies every time he opens his mouth !
amazing how ronald regan raised taxes about 11 times and no republicans cared .
i &apos;m afraid republicans are going to follow trump &apos;s lead--moving ahead without considering unintended consequences.please reconsider your plan to repeal .
this is not the time to cave in .
get rid of the noxious weeds in washington , d.c.
the only thing that makes me feel like we have some time is that obama is posturing to allow himself a third term .
dr. ben carson for president .
vote no on amnesty !
there is no doubt in my mind that senator john mccain is a true american hero , but i think when it comes to american foreign policy there should be tempered reasoning and pragmatic approach to american foreign policy around the world .
obama will veto , you will move on and people will continue to languish .
you &apos;ve got to hand it to mitch mcconnell - it &apos;s the way he tells them .
of course we already know that desjarlais is just waiting to receive his instructions from his leaders and owners ( the ones that pay him for his votes ) .
and on june 17 , 1865 — exactly 150 years before the charleston attacks — ruffin learned of the south &apos;s surrender , reportedly wrapped himself in a confederate flag , and then took his own life rather than accept defeat .
rand paul is a senator , , , therefore everyone on this page must call their senators , , , we want the reps to save us , , but we must do our part , , and that is to bring pressure to bare !
it is used for the sick minds in washington to control and get their way at destroying the planet and freedoms .
happy easter marsha !
boehner is attempting to put someone in who will do as he sat to do.congressman thomas massie block him at every turn !
now our enemies are reveling in the idea that they can easily distract us while they systematically destroy us while we are looking and pointing fingers at each other rather than who is really to blame .
obama said that your health care cost would go down by $ 2,500 and now we see that the cost has actually increased $ 3,000 .
this administration is using the pope to show faithful catholics that the pope is in agreement with obamas destructive policies .
hillary : &quot; me , the irs , clapper and holder all lying to congress ? &quot;
why can &apos;t we have an election to have him impeached ?
there will be nothing but poor relations as long as marco and most of the congress wants to impose puppet status .
give it to them mr. graham but please let us be able to label gmo products .
mr. trump : time to stop talking to the rinos .
must stop this war on coal obama has going .
don &apos;t cave into the republican establishment !
we need more pauls in this country ... i live in california and i wish i lived in a state like ky or tx .
loose obama and take over .
obama hasn &apos;t wrecked this country by his / self , the millions that voted for him also had a hand in it
vote this thing down , tom .
what are you weak kneed spineless cowards going to do about ?
stick to your roots brother !
i am sure this is true due to republicans like you that are lacking a backbone .
congressman ... this congress needs to behave as if they have authority .
please be pro- bruce poliquin and tell me about you .
1. animal welfare / animal protection ; 2. economy / national debt ; 3. border security .
rand paul is the most likely to govern within the confines of the constitution and pursuant law .
&quot; ... but our vote to repeal this failed law was necessary . &quot;
it &apos;s all he knows to come up with on short notice .
freedom is freedom to live as we choose .
i think mr mcclintock should reconsider what he calls luxuries .
this only happens if the republican nominee wins this election !
how does rubio look at himself in the mirror ?
because obama is president
did you expect they would &apos;nt , please stand firm and let people see they are nothing more than bullies ! ! ! ! ! !
by supporting such a highly unqualified candidate for secretary of education you will not only be supporting detrimental action to the public school systems in this state , you will also be driving away potential immigrants to this state .
just read your post ted .
when trey gowdy holds just one hearing on benghazi and forces hillary to testify , i &apos;ll concede that maybe he has a set of oolies .
stay out of syria and secure our borders !
wait thune , if the us not being in iraq created isis why didn &apos;t isis exist between 1993 and 2011 ?
remember ... behind the smoke &amp; mirrors ... i believe the obamanation administration &apos;s main agenda is to ... destroy america &apos;s economy , constitution &amp; ability for self defense ... as a nation &amp; as individuals .
uh , where is our leader jerry on this ?
if our president won &apos;t do anything , you have the power .
thanks , jerry .
he should not be giving money to israel .
go for impeachment if you can prove these allegations .
please register as a republican so your vote counts for dr. ron paul .
stand for the american people instead of gop establishment .
more than a few of us got our eyes opened about mccain and graham .
people don &apos;t see how it &apos;s outmoded physical therapies and conservative care .
nice spin vern .
and reinstate teaching american history , and how our government is supposed to behave based on what our founding fathers said .
good work oklahoma voters !
also , mr. coffman , the president has yet again acted by executive order without congressional approval to restrict certain firearms and refused to enforce immigration laws .
during your man2man , did mr boehner explain how he intends to counter obama &apos;s executive amnesty and resume the enforcement of america &apos;s immigration laws ?
i just wanna know if you &apos;re willing to take us into default over your ideology if you don &apos;t get your way .
the memorial is the right place for the flag and now i know who not to vote for thanks for clearing that up coward
it was totally a unconstitutional provision .
stop that man with ebola from coming back to america and especially to ga ! !
lots of folks are praying for you and the tough job you face .
disagree , johnny !
the fair tax does a lot of what we all want .
you guys wait ted and see how this turns out in na few years if we &apos;re still standing .
this may be a step in the right direction .. however .. the 10th amendment to the constitution is all we need ! ! ..
you betcha ... its otter , crapo , simpson , risch , with kempthorn in the wings riding the illegal immigrants to reduce the cost of employment for idaho businesses at the expence of natural born american citizens .
mr. isaksons , sir , i appreciate your service .
to find answers you need to ask the guy who said he was told to standdown , who told him to standbown .
sincerely , coretta scott king # shepersisted
might i remind all of you that it is your job to work for us and that means to represent america and the american people , to uphold the laws of the land and to protect and abide by the constitution which is the foundation of this nation .
no more off nights marco , show them what you &apos;re made of !
most ppos allow for preexisting condition coverage and i believe all hmos cover preexisting ( self funded policies aside ) .
you rock rand
amen , trey gowdy !
your position on the subject of &quot; climate change &quot; is pretty obvious rep. blackburn .
with all of the illigals voting we will never see another conservative in the office of the president again !
sen. mccain , please tell me that you realize this is all being done intentionally to send our economy over the edge , don &apos;t you ?
if bo shuts down the government , so be it .
i think that it would bring marco the experience he needs and run for president after trump is done .
marco lost me as a fan 6 months ago ... sad ... still sad
it would take congress as well as ratification by two thirds of the states to repeal and that &apos;s not going to happen !
@ julie - and he hates the military , too .
keep up the conservative fight !
below is a link to much of the original evidence presented to mrs. blackburn under oath with penalty of perjury .
a return to constitutional governance
mia , we need you more than ever .... i am a disabled veteran and i am moving out of the country due to what &apos;s happening against christians and veterans and our country .
perfectly said , trey gowdy .
what does it take to get them to man-up and stop being such a bunch of spineless cowards ?
obama is out of his mind and should be impeached now for treason .
how much did you pay in taxes dr. scott ?
no interest is actually reading the concerns and responding to them and if truth be told - no interest from mccain - just some 15 year old mail boy instructed to send out the following :
last time i checked , the president is required by the constitution , and his oath , to faithfully execute the laws of our nation , to do otherwise is treason .
and a special happy veterans day to you sen. mccain .
wish we had more people like you in washington we sure could use people with intestinal fortitude
you are a traitorous pig rino !
ron paul &quot; ted cruz says he is for auditing the fed , but when the senate voted on rand &apos;s bill , ted was nowhere to be found . &quot;
why would republicans , not all of whom are conservative as noted by the 14 senate votes you mentioned , vote for bad bills ?
last fiscal year , the obama administration allocated 18 billion to immigration enforcement .
when you raise the debt limit due to the cost of repealing the aca .
he will just veto everything you do from here on out .
the gop does not get it !
action speak louder than words , sir .
according to the us constitution , all taxes must originate in the house .
libertarian except when it comes to 51 % of the population , justin you are so far off base with this .
i mean they can &apos;t get budget and they can &apos;t quit spending .
we are with you 100 percent sir !
noooooooo sh * t either happens because you made it happen or you let it happen ... and i aint lettin it ... i &apos;m voting for ron paul !
now impeach
how bad is the senate proposal , mr lankford ?
this is why i support you and yours mr. paul !
he has broken the law and subverted the constitution one too many times .
the reason there are so many people needing insurance in the first place and looking to obamacare is because they can &apos;t get or cannot afford insurance in the private market .
happy thanksgiving to the gowdy family , thanks for all you did this year .
refusing to fund the department of homeland security puts our country at risk .
millions and millions has been spent to vote to defund obamacare when you know it will simply be vetoed .
in all honestly , i &apos;m not a huge supporter of bush or mccain .
what information do you have that congressman poe has or uses government sponsored health insurance ?
he really wants to end the bush tax cuts , he wants to raise taxes on everyone but wants you gullible people to believe everything his says .
then you all get busy and do something about it !
the somebody to fix this is &quot; we the people &quot; .
stand up to obama , republicans have the house and senate , act like it .
let &apos;s hope and pray this will take obama down .
i have yet to hear romney talk about repealing the patriot act .
jack conway appeared nervous and agitated when trying to praise himself on every issue possible and attacking rand paul constantly .
mr. poe sir , with due respect , unfortunately i feel very discouraged .
charlie crist is a rino .
this is probably the 2nd time i have seen palazzo agree with conservatives .
why can &apos;t people see that this is the same principle that the federal government must follow ?
the irs workers do not pay any as well as some of our reps in the house and senate .
feliz navidad , mia !
so yes i &apos;m saying oprah is a major player in why obama is president , not the key reason , but she played a huge role .
remove obama &amp; biden
i think that mr. paul should call &quot; a spade a spade &quot; - this is a meeting of lobbyists and fatcats .
he was humiliated by the potus and provides absolutely no leadership .
i am praying for your amanda !
no thanks to congress , but to donations .
rand , you are the one republican senator we can count on .
you &apos;re a good man trey gowdy ... prayers for sc , and for you and your good work .
mr. christie has shown his true spots and now needs to be dismissed .
they are staining their pants now rand .
yes after obama his out of the white house
senator isakson has voted to support harry reid &apos;s cloture !
he has ignored his oath of office .
go mia , from a fan and follower in florida ! !
marsha blackburn - you are nothing more than a shameless political hack willing to lie about anything to keep your evangelical base ... even at the cost of confusing the proven and undeniable facts regarding climate science .
obama is a fool !
vote out establishment republicans and in fiscally responsible tea party conservatives or we will never dig out of this mess both parties put us in !
the constitutions was designed to give the people the ability to control the government not the other way around .
trump is a racist baiter you are one to talk and you will not vote for trump.hey you should know the feeling no one voted for you even the people of south carolina does not want you or haley trump 2016
trump has never said he was interested in rubio .
tim scott , you are the man .
lead the way , rand !
larry dagnon john mccain eloquently states here why the current executive order harms us by dividing our country and harming our national security .
paul ryan needs to go now !
conservatives cannot trust you sir .
listen to the people and defund obamacare .
no sir it is our governments place to hold her responsible
he wants to cut all of these unnecessary government programs that are sucking our budget dry - he wants to fully fund our military and to properly take care of our veterans .
the president does not have the power to spend a single penny .
the world knows it did not work in the soviet union , n koreas are starving , and the people in cuba are not doing so well either ( though m uch of that is our doing ) .
are you a conservative or not ?
i support the no funding for abort .
the ndaa shreds the 4th and the 5th amendment to pieces .
just watched thune speak on the senate floor regarding healthcare , etc .
i have two things i would like for you to do : fund education and get rid of obamacare .
every time we lose a reagan or bush i get dejected .
yall have to replace him ! !
this socialist agenda is growing like a cancer .
you know , i was one of the biggest trey gowdy fans , and really thought ..... wow we finally have someone with backbone and is going to do something .... but just like everyone else ..... it &apos;s all talk .... no action ! !
don &apos;t forget that during his presidential campaign , john mccain was labeled as having a gambling addiction .
good job mr. portman keep up the good work .
you didn &apos;t vote &quot; for &quot; boehner but you didn &apos;t vote against him , you voted &quot; present &quot; , that isn &apos;t the kind of stand we sent you there to make .
thanks for this vote ; now , take the next step and vote to replace john boehner as speaker .
but he &apos;s got to fire that unfrozen caveman he uses to send out his tweets .
so you voted for her because based on her lack of experience she will give all authority back to the states and local government ?
hope you support repeal of obamacare .
haven &apos;t you heard .... white rinos are now extinct .
it is beyond me why you republicans keep asking for spending cuts and then bitch and complain when you can &apos;t deal with the sacrifices that come with those spending cuts .
god bless and guide you in washington .
2 / 3 for sure , but really pissed off about not getting anything done about it .
you mitch are a scared idiot .
wow - betsy devos has apparently done a lot to destroy education in the past 35 minutes ....
seems to me congress needs to go to the heart of the problem .
i do not want to see giving in on obamacare .
please help our government stop this spending addiction .
vote for a clean cr and open the government back up .
we aren &apos;t going anywhere either senator , we stand united with you for the pursuit of liberty !
however , mr. johnson you have voted with the democrats twice - for adjournment .
merry christmas franks family ! ! !
so sen. mccain , you and your colleagues in congress need to do something about this !
jobbing.com arena , is the nicest arena in the nhl , as you can go to concessions and still watch the game live , not on tv , due to no walls .
jeb hensarling for speaker of the house
big corps dont pay taxes , they pass all taxes on to the consumer .
you are truly a breath of fresh air , ted .
another assinine statement from bozo ted !
he , as well as the others in dc , need our prayers !
let dhs shut down .
you are getting the wool pulled over your eyes bob .
thanks for all you do for kentucky
obama and his cronies pretty much think that 11 million aliens will support him next time .
we will not be watching megan kelly any more .
if this man runs for president someday he has my vote !
thank senator ted cruz for my posting this on facebook instead of in a private message on your political website .
carl albert , democrat of oklahoma , the speaker of the house , and john j. rhodes , republican did not let politics stand in their way and voted to impeach richard nixon over a hotel room break in and cover-up .
they fled the island nation before the communist regime of fidel castro took over .
why don &apos;t all of you go to a foreign country and burn buildings .
i &apos;d like you not to support him every time you think you can get away with it .
make sure the borders are secure first or nothing else passes !
sad thing is ... congress lets him get away with it time and time again !
the president needs to be held accountable for illegal executive actions .
obamas jobs bills ? ? ? ?
what an empty talking point given to you by speaker ryan .
what are the other texas reps. going to do ?
pretty lane explanation , doesn &apos;t anybody inside the beltway understand that we must stop borrowing and not raising the debt limit may be the only method .
take advantage of these endorsements , but don &apos;t let them effect your principles .
this vote alone means little to nothing , just a show vote to try to prove you &apos;re still conservative , which you &apos;ve shown you &apos;re not .
anybody that knows me well , family or friends , knows i would absolutely explode if i did not get this out .
mia what are you doing to keep that from happening ?
but washington let o get away with all this stuff for going on 8 years and we the people are suffering from this now and will for quite awhile .
y &apos;all have done absolutely nothing to stop her or serve justice !
i know he will veto it if it is rejected , but he should think more of protecting our country , than his public image and golf score .
i live in utah .
here is the muslim brotherhoods plan to destroy america .
i will help repeal obama care and i &apos;m resigning tonight !
time for new administration in washington .. to go a step further , time for a third party when i say &quot; go johnny &quot; that is exactly what i mean .
senator mccain , i &apos;m glad you see how wrong this is , but respectfully , what are you going to do about it ?
so explain to all of america your vote for betsy devos .
to order a copy of , the little girl inside , go to dianewaltman.com god bless you
if i ran my company the same way the government runs , i would be out of business tomorrow.and no government agency would help me .
i would love to hear that he is going to get rid of obamacare and work with republicans to do something about the budget and our economy among other things ....
did you really think thad cochran would stand firm with your republican colleagues ? ? ? ?
here &apos;s what we want you hear : a huge number of tennesseeans will be hurt by repealing the aca without a replacement that maintains its current protections .
mr. ryan is not worthy of the speakership .
marco was my first choice but ship has sailed .
beyond proud to have voted for you in the oklahoma primary : )
thune said that he will vote against it last week .
keep kicking a $ $ mr. gowdy !
so you were elected in 2010 and you &apos;re bragging about this being the first time in 7 years that he has to defend his policies .
please visit my website for the most up-to-date information on my town hall meetings .
did you sell out your voters by sponsoring an amnesty bill ?
mr mccain , shame on you !
history will indeed help castro stand beside stalin !
he will veto anything that is good for our country and use exec power to do what is bad .
i voted for you and i thought you would be doing what is best for louisiana but you have not signed the bill or made a bill to repeal obamacare please repeal that law and protect the people of this great state that you are serving for
praying it isn &apos;t so .
if you haven &apos;t quoted out what it would be , even if you are not going to get a policy ( which we know you won &apos;t since you are exempt ) price yourself out .... write me and i will send you the link i used , mr. isakson .
wonder what condi rice is thinking ? ? ?
i &apos;d like to see the irs reformed right out of existance .
funny lindsey graham &apos;s office called my house i am so disappointed with him
that would only hurt the republican party .
he tries to tax the millionaires - who are the ones that create jobs - &amp; with the money he would get would only pay for obama &apos;s spending for 1 week .
you voted for all that anti-american tyranny mr. moran , and now suddenly you remember the holocaust ?
that &apos;s all he &apos;s ever done so it should come as no surprise !
please reconsider your support of devos .
go all the way rand we are with you .
i suppose that if it makes you happy to spend tax dollars for such frivolous endeavors then you are enjoying american freedom .
senator mccain , now , you need to convince the rest of the republican members of congress .
impeachment needs to happen sooner than later !
bills should not be 2000 pages long , there should not be any pork in them .
i think we should be able to choose what federal program we would like our money to go to or choose the ones we don &apos;t want our money to go to .
tom , you bloviate and you &apos;re full of c r a p .
so they have moved people from the &quot; resigned positions &quot; of the irs to run obamacare ! .....
in trey i trust !
i do agree that we mollycoddle prisoners and that the defense budget being under attack by this administration is disgusting .
the debt is going up and nothing has been done to control it and eventually lower it .
bravo again , ben sasse !
again you call what the president does as unconstitutional .
https : / / www.facebook.com / teapartypatriots / photos / a.155447495778.127016.93228695778 / 10152426447350779 / ? type = 1 - - no welfare for illegals !
start it now we want a new president one that is for our country !
team effort by carson / fiorina
sorry to say as a republican all my life , i am now leaning and supporting the libertarian party .
&quot; president bush sr. stopped defending our us constitution and started bringing muslims in which is treason . &quot;
instead , you have failed the american people by not having a plan to replace it .
the federal government spending is not maintaining the status quo , it is stifling growth ! !
rand paul , you &apos;re partly to blame .
what part of hell no !
it makes me nervous to see you standing with boehner .
happy birthday rand , i have never voluntarily given a politician a dime before today .
he did the same , only dhs was called the ss ! ! !
do not give obama more power to ruin our country .
i voted for you on the bases that you would fight to get rid of obamacare .
nothing about the values she shared during the hearings suggest schools in georgia will benefit from her vision for education in america .
rhino factor , you sold out america ...
inhofe , lankford , fallin are all garbage .... its time to get them out of office ... they don &apos;t care what the voters want as long as their pockets get lined
martha brooks stevenson
sir it should be &quot; make the argument for the people not to the people .
i am an alumnus of that school though when i graduated it was operating under the name baptist college at charleston .
i &apos;m not in favor of obamacare but if it &apos;s law them repeal it with a vote .
kiss your chances for 2016 presidential primaries goodbye you rino .
he gave his life !
israel is our friend egypt is not
ha-ha , put trey gowdy in his place .
may god bless all at this time in arizona .
real conservatives are needed , and the next round of votes will show that .
to late now lindsey .
georgia gun owners , inc .
how is obamacare an improvement above anything ?
and it should be made so that the president cannot pledge money without the consent of the house .
you must have forgotten that obama trained us well .
we have to come together and guarantee rand paul becomes president !
the days of rinos like you will soon be over as americans are tired of you being a part of the establishment that has created a $ 20 trillion national debt .
we love you and your family mr. gowdy
your a sell out and i hope the people in south carolina vote you out next election .
and to you and yours trey
obama &apos;s news media will not dispute any narrative he broadcasts .
we have our own problems in america right now , we need to take care of america first .
that dipshit john kerry just gave morsi and egypt 250 million taxpayer dollars on top of the f16s and tanks we just gave them !
i know the president is throwing out threats left and right .
delay until you can repeal .
good job rand paul !
and the attempted quick backpeddling by the obama administration .
3 ) repealing and replacing laws passed in the last 7 years including affordable care act , enforcing existing immigration laws including requiring employers to use e-verify , prosecuting voter fraud perpetrated by the democrats and holding the fbi accountable for the same .
is it the end of republican party .... can &apos;t find even one good candidate to stand on its ticket ?
get the book , you will see mark is a friend to all americans , including rand paul .
no you do not think taxed enough already , , jeff you think , , , more taxes !
you will never convince me that it is &quot; right &quot; for me to have to pay $ 100.00 to go to the doctor while it only costs $ 10.00 for mr bob smith down the street .
and when you , mr. lamborn , and so many like you won &apos;t even come to the table for the discussion , it &apos;s easy to see where the problems are .
for all the peeple that have the nerve to say you should have ben there must not have a life .
amazing that a pretty recent immigrant family raised marco right .
we the people means all the people , not just ted cruz and wackos like you .
for the uninformed who claim the house has voted 40 times to repeal obamacare , you are mistaken .
i am just wondering mccain if you can work on another project , the american school system is in gross need of an overhaul .
but , as you pointed out , obama &amp; kerry are selling america &quot; down the river &quot; !
he hates amercia .
impeach obama , then our new year will be joyous ..
the only chance we the people have of seeing the communist in charge being impeached is if conservatives win back the senate in 2014 ..... which means we have a lot of work to do to put up candidates that are straight forward and as honest as a politician gets
rand paul is an idiot and is best ignored .
the cuban gov &apos;t takes what &apos;s sent for the people for themselves and to promote tourism !
steve potenzone- i &apos;m praying for you !
why don &apos;t you guys vote to repeal your life long health care benefits so you can shop for health care for you and your families .
and we will warn our children about men like you .
ryan is a amnesty lovingln
i was disappointed that you were so late to get on board .
stay strong against the obama administration !
i won &apos;t be listening to that communist , muslim traitor !
may god bless you for standing up for america .
ted cruz sucks .
also , just so everyone knows , senator portman will be voting to confirm rex tillerson for secretary of state and he supports the president allowing the keystone pipeline despite the danger to the environment .
you probably want to blame the meteor in russia on obama also .
all the above , stop obamacare and impeach obama !
lets hope so , tim !
so the establishment is willing to out do the peoples choice .
you , the bush &apos;s , mccain , governor kasick and governor haslam plus all the republican candidates that lost should have got behind our candidate from the beginning .
yep and impeachment is a good start .
for years senator blunt and his staff told everyone he got lucky , had a low draft number .
i pray that we stay strong in this .
our federal government is trying to force everyone to take up arms against these refugees .
a little late
house , senate , congress , start doing something to help this country .
unfortunately , no filters to get rid of the morons !
she had no security clearance .
you are part of the corruption !
the ryan plan , cut , cap &amp; balance or mack penny are all better ! !
may god bless you &amp; your family .....
god bless amanda and your whole family !
upheld by republican appointed chief justice of supreme court !
too broke too be republican sorry
it &apos;s all obama &apos;s fault , the french blood is on his hands !
rubio pledged to support republican nomination even if it is trump , hmmm
do you really think anyone belives you mitch oh i forgot you dont care you were just reelected ask the miners how much u care about the working and retired people of this country
quit trying to look conservative .
wonder why the teapublican party didn &apos;t put stuff like this out when regan was tripled the debt or when bush doubled it .. right now the house republicans are just following the special interest leadership ..
if by &quot; fresh perspective , &quot; you mean no experience in foreign affairs , then you &apos;re right .
lindsay you &apos;re not going to win on fear ! ! !
may god bless america and our troops who are currently deployed in oversea , away from their families ! ! !
you all can do something to make this right - first of all comey needs to be fired or made to tell the truth about why he did this - who paid him off , who threatened him , who bullied him , something had to happen .
kansas kids deserve someone more qualified .
if obama wants to go it alone without the american public , that &apos;s his risk .
its time to wake up and support truly conservative candidates .
i hope that the south carolina residents of your party correct your attitude if you continue along this path .
why do we give them money , tax payer money , i blame congress for this mess .
i am really curious to see how carly fiorina is going to do .
defund obamacare , it will destroy the usa .
same could happen to flat tax without limits set and with it needing super majority to change or increase .
the us constitution is only four pages long -- a little over 4,000 words .
shame on you for not standing tall with rand paul and the other young bloods as they stood against obama in the senate .
marco very well said , yes we all have a lot to be thankful for .
why should anybody chip in money if he wants to run spend his money he hasnt done anything to deserve money hes a millionaire that should be the law
time to turn it around and restore the faith in our government sir , you have our trust and support , please don &apos;t let us down again .
please continue to fight to defund obamacare .
if a radical hate group adopts the american flag as its symbol what then ?
if forcing the shutdown is the only option , then &quot; go for it &quot; but before you guys do , can you please get your p &apos;s &amp; q &apos;s together so that you do not look like bumbling idiots for doing it ? ? ? ?
even obama has owned up to the change in position being due to the perspective a presidency has rather than the one a senate seat gives you .
i &apos;ve heard levin call ron paul an anti semite many times .
rand can you see what the libyans are doing ?
will mrs. devos uphold the constitution and direct funds to non-christian groups , especially to religious groups the current administration does not agree with ?
mr. amash , i never did see the white paper i asked of you ( yes , you are the elected representative in my district ) explaining how you would vote on the debt ceiling increase .
sir i would like your focus to be on supporting ted cruz and his message , and making sure john boehner does not cower to the democrats and cave .
that national debt could be recouped from suffolk counties property tax bills .
he doesn &apos;t understand what really makes america great and doesn &apos;t understand how the constitution is supposed to work .
congratulations , rand !
you are a waste of our money from south carolina !
mitch mcconnell needs to go !
very encouraging words mia , thanks .
... but some resistance ... some debate ... any suggested alternatives to ongoing spending would be called for !
how about you get behind the zadroga act and start caring for america &apos;s sick first responders who gave their all on and after 9 / 11
it would be great to see an american take the office of president of these united states of america instead of the worthless socialist imposter we are not suffering with .
and the goverment can not ever rob this fund again period .
if i have to pay full price for obamacare , so should you .
since when would people in maine want to believe anything out of a california whiner
what &apos;s in it .please tell all republicans to vote against this as the american people are fed up with this president and what he &apos;s doing to our country .he is a muslim himself and it sounds fishy that be wants to make friends with our enemies .
pass the zadroga act and quit playing with people &apos;s lives .
that is why we all need to support politicians such as yourself and your father who uphold the constitution , and vote out the ones who don &apos;t .
congrats on that victory , sir .
i feel that absolutely nothing will happen before the election if ever !
i support the patriot act , but you are sworn to uphold the constitution .
i don &apos;t understand why the republican party is attacking women and their healthcare needs .
praying you win captain clay
subject at a time act , sir .
put a real conservative in charge ; vote for gohmert and let &apos;s start turning this thing around !
abolish the marriage license , it adds the government as a 3rd party in your marriage , making you a polygamist .
just think , if it wasn &apos;t for the florida vote you would now be blaming gore .
i am not sure what constitution you are reading .....
now if y &apos;all can just get him to listen about obamacare
actually he delayed it because republicans added a short term extension of the pay roll tax cut .
hope you get well soon vern
either does amnesty .
thanks tim , keep up the great work and please tell your chief of staff i said hi .
i told people 5 years ago obama would destroy the country and economy , and he has !
giving aid and comfort to terrorists allowed in by state sept and obama is by full definition treason and they must be arrested for doing so !
first intelligent thing i &apos;ve heard lindsey graham say in a long time .
i guess you shouldn &apos;t inform your constituents that you serve on zero committees that have direct involvement with this , and that you &apos;re basically just a hype man for jason chaffetz and trey gowdy , huh ?
mike , you are soooo right .
keep it a no !
mr. gowdy is a perfect choice !
well done sir ... keep up .. !
when did you become a republican party hack ?
treason !
tim u had me , u just lost me .
a majority of americans want it repealed and replaced .
problem with these establishment is they expect us army do it all while these other countries with their armies do very little and offer little and we end up with the wounded warriors .
hey tom oef vet here how about creating a contractor force to go take care of isis .
i &apos;m so pleased that the sc voters know a good man when they see one .
i apreciate you very much for what you have done and do not only for utah but for our country !
my first question to anyone spending too much money is what are you buying ?
can not believe would agree with the trader obama on any thing .
we need to march on dc and throw reid and all his cronies out .
additionally we cannot take our eye off the ball to defund obamacare or get the truth about benghazi ! !
to balance the budget without raising new revenue would mean an across-the board cut ( including defense , medicare , and social security ) of around 44 % .
why harry he is the speaker of the house and the one the constitution of the united states gives the authority and control of the purse ! !
you are delusional mr burr
any other president would have been impeached long before now if they had done what he has .
he &apos;s our president , how dare you wish him and his family ill 😝 georgia should be ashamed to have you as their senator !
now is your chance to help the american people by stopping obamacare in its tracks .
i do better at praying then getting into those matters
boehner has been ineffective on getting a long term budget deal .
to everybody else , you all do realize that when the government pays for subsidies or says that an individual will only have to pay so much out of pocket , and that the government will pay the rest , it means we will pay it through taxes .
and , he should have to produe a balanced budget plan just as every president befoe him has had to do .. why is it that he doesn &apos;t have to abide by the rules ?
too little too late traitor rino !
fox just posted r. paul lower tier @ debate ! !
every welfare program the us funds is in that agriculture budget .
shut down irs and install flat tax , but then again it might hurt your campaign dollars ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
the liberals go on the attack @ rand paul and marco rubio !
jobs , jobs , jobs.you politicos beat us to death with that crap while taking our tax dollars and giving tax breaks to corporate america then you say we &apos;re broke , lets cut health care and education .
crist is to take your ideas and beliefs directly to the people .
you do not represent our interests at all if you are supporting this billionaire unqualified nominee .
i really am disappointed that republicans did not stand their ground and defund obamacare .
of course we should stand with israel .
so for that , ryan , you &apos;ve earned back a little respect .
our failure of a president has refused to accept the danger isis- the islamic terrorists pose to not only our country but the world .
&quot; john brennan has his vote for cia director because of rand paul filibuster &quot; ? ? ?
america needs a smart leader who can shake up the failing education system being out side the establishment is what we needed .
thanks for standing beside your citizens and not behind mr. obama !
this year will be a bell weather year for the party and boehner .
repeal and defund obamacare ! !
thinking rand should be a stand alone .
let me tell you how the majority of conservatives are thinking enough is enough .
will we ever quit spending and have everyone understand we all need to know what decades of waste and pushing the problem down the road creates ?
fight the good fight rand , we are with you .
please thoroughly vet his appointees and vote no to those that are as incredibly unqualified as betsy devos .
thanks marsha , just think of the millions of little lifes you will be saving .
obama is going for broke .
impeach this imposter for treasonous actions !
it means we the people are taking our country back .
it appears senator hagan is more of a patriot than you are appearing to be .
we agree on this sir
voted to ok obama &apos;s illegal immigration executive order .
i pray that you will vote against any gun control bill that comes up ! !
you should have let us go over the fiscal cliff ... obama was right in that you blinked 1st ...
thanks for defunding obamacare .
this whole 1100 page bill talks about legalizing the 20 million foreign illegal aliens and how they can bring additional 100 million more illegal aliens , their entire family members once they are granted amnesty .
while i appreciate your effort when are the true conservatives going to show up in congress and stand agains this treason ?
keep going rubio !
i think libertarians , constitutional conservatives , ron paul republicans , or whatever label we each choose for ourselves , should be very careful when aligning ourselves with these movements .
best of luck tom !
and that money is pushing america to a socialist system and probably into another revolution .... the only reform we need in america today , is accountability of the leaders .
once again mike chooses party over wyoming citizens !
sounds like some so-called conservatives aren &apos;t republicans .
rubio has always been a large disappoint to floridian .
but most of all , shame on the american people for so ignoring the value of their liberty that things have been permitted to get to this point .
good luck getting his resignation .
we need more like you to save our liberties
marc you &apos;re awesome but governor christie has my vote for president in 2016
if you have a better idea , mr. moran , why has no one even nominated you for the nobel peace prize ?
simplify the tax code .
happy happy flag day everyone n long may she wave amen
so far , no one in congress has stood up and said impeachment .
marco just get back up and get back in the race .
a lot of the media are kind of dissing him for what he said in response to obama &apos;s bright idea about moving the borders back , but i like his tough stance .
trey is a traitor too !
suck it mitch .
@ cari , it is not a payroll tax increase .
you all know by now that obama wants to break this country .
you are what oklahoma and america needs !
however , your decision to back devos is contrary to my prior statement .
don &apos;t you think you should have stood up months ago ? ? ?
! somebody in washington needs to help .... but , i don &apos;t think they are listening to the cry of the american people .....
praying for all the craziness to be over soon .
we the people elected this divided congress , however we expected compromise and an active congress , not gridlock ! ! ! !
there &apos;s no way we are voting for socialism in this house .
mitt romney lost the election big , the senate wasn &apos;t picked up by the gop , your control of the house is slipping ... the party has to change .
minimum wage , income and payroll taxes , healthcare , regulations , and government spending drive up the cost of us labor , the products they make , and the services they deliver .
we can &apos;t have another race with idiots talking about rape being god &apos;s will , abortion is never acceptable , or even saying that getting a government check makes you a free loader .
obamacare is destroying america !
we are certain when beal &apos;s activities become publically scrutinized it will be discovered that thousands of homeowners have lost their properties to andy beal &apos;s fraudulent debt collection and foreclosure scheme ; and that our government and hard working americans have been cheated out of millions of dollars in taxes .
you think the national debt is # 1 , won &apos;t even be close if we don &apos;t deal with this issue .
giving money to any country is hurting the u.s. we do not have the money to give .
then proceed with the legislative process to change or repeal obamacare .
don &apos;t all spending bills originate in the house of representatives , as per the constitution ?
he should have been impeached long ago for refusing to uphold the oath of the office of president of the united states !
agreed jerry !
if that rino speaker of the house lacks the courage to act , then get rid of him .
) , send these illegal aliens back to their homeland ( we have also granted amnesty before with the promise it was a one time deal ) and get rid of the natural born citizen clause ... problem solved once and for all ! !
as far as congressman mchenry is concerned , the hundreds of thousands of americans that his party &apos;s fiscal policies are putting out of work can go take a hike .
keep going rand you represent we the people !
praying now in thanksgiving !
if you and the other d.c. gop don &apos;t do something immediately to stop this atrocity , instead of giving the american people lip service , i predict the gop majorities in the u.s. house and senate to be short-lived .
you go james
it will be interesting to hear what he has to say tonight and then watch his actions .
why else would they stand behind a socialist thug who runs the country like a mafia ?
congressman , please perform your constitutional duty and honestly partake in the supreme court selection procedure .
demand holders resignation
would you work at repealing obamacare and then support and work with paul ryan &apos;s much more fiscally sound &quot; roadmap for america &apos;s future &quot; instead ?
you support the old &quot; business as usual &quot; way of doing things that is killing the conservative way of thinking .
mr graham , many many that i speak to seem to think , you have forgotten benghazi .
i love you marco rubio !
ashley glenn is an idiot in my humble opinion .
put this non american out of our home .
if it means veterans do not get top notch care , i don &apos;t care about a balanced budget .
we love you mia from wisconsin you keep fightin the good fight !
james fully understands sharia law and islam .
the only flaw is that obamacare has not gone far enough to change the healthcare system in america .
it &apos;s time to cut spending.and to quit wasting time trying to destroy the second amendment and focus on the economy
stand strong 11.2 million illegals and americans don &apos;t have jobs .
keep up the amazing work my fellow patriot !
we need to start impeachment procedures !
we are a clear no on this subject , sir .
i wish the republicans would get a backbone and stand up to these people ... that is exactly why we lost the election .. all i can say is we better get on our knees and pay to god that he will get us out of this situation .
kick their buttocks , james !
well said mia ... but on another note , why would a couple that only makes $ 500 a month have another kid ?
do not close guantanamo
i am now a rand paul fan ! ! !
im interested into knowing why hillary , comey and lorretta are not charged with treason and intent to cover up ?
you are completely delusional what have u &amp; gop done for us nothing pay back taxpayers the 24 bil you cost us shutting down gov
i was shocked to see you were not on the list of supporters of a no vote on cloture .
get rid of the rinos .
class rand paul , pure class sir !
personally , i feel that obama wants the u.s. to go over the cliff .
rip , mrs. reagan .
mcain is has got to go , he is a rino .
i guess its time you started doing the job we sent you to washington to do stop obama ! ! !
thanks for letting us know about it , rand !
i disagree with you and will vote against you if you attempt to repeal this law .
vote no to betsy devos or i will vote no to you !
a branch of his government did .
adios johnny .
you let him do anything he wants and you do nothing to stop him .
turn off fox news and rush limbaugh .
senator portman , i listened to ms. devos entire hearing .
i would say that he has not heard one thing the american people have been trying to tell him .
republican party is going the way of the whig party ... extinct .
are you now a patriot or a politician ?
you &apos;ll be fantastic mia !
we need to eliminate the tax code all together , abolish the income tax , dissolve the irs , and have a 12 % or so flat tax on all goods and services , and let state and federal governments fight over what part of the 12 % pie they get .
surely not obama !
it seems like obama is trying to stick to some sort of timetable for this mideast war .
i will no longer ever support them again .
yes , ted , it is a sign of leadership failure .
just as long as obamacare gets defunded .
if you cave on amensty , you need to be recalled , repealed and kicked out
we need to our borders !
i pray this will finally lead to someone doing something to stop our country from becoming a communist country with a dictator
we have no heros like you , ben carson and alan west .
the supreme court considered this a tax , if you don &apos;t have the health insurance at the end of the year , you will be taxed on your income - if you have no income , no tax .
have you stopped listening to your constituents ?
your stand is a return to traditional republican values of constitutional and limited government .
shame on the elite republican establishment .
just like senator ted cruz called it .... no backbone
rand needs to stay where he is and find a way to bring the republicans into the light .
obama and his government cronies are so hypocritical and pathetic .
stand with ted cruz , call your senators and tell them we cannot afford obama care , we will not set back and watch america turn into a socialist country , we will not lay down and become the victims of a ruthless dictator !
trey your such a disappointment 👎 🏼 😡 😝 👎 🏼
nowhere in the constitution is religion mentioned , except in * * * exclusionary * * * terms .
raising the debt ceiling is not the answer .
all of the government are taking different insurance policies and not taking obamacare .
please listen to your constituents and vote no on betsy devos .
we need to impeach him
defund obamacare , 28th amendment !
i love our flag and every time i say pledge to the flag i think of those who gave their lives to protect it ! ! !
defund epa and be rid of them .
you are wrong applies to bob goodlatte who promised to protect medicare when he first ran for office .
glad he vetoed the project !
and our constitution will be enforced .
do us all a favor ... quit politics and join the world poker tour .
your a traitor bruce .
christie is always fun to watch and says it like it is .
mia please keep trey close and glean from him and you will soar .
no syrian refugees allowed in oklahoma .
very christian behavior !
that is when it changed from doing the will of the people to money grubbing , benefit sucking , power mongers instead of patriotic americans protecting and preserving the constitution .
conservatives are not like liberals .
the next step is get rid of eric holder and issue obama impeachment papers .
wish you could do something about ryan , mccain and graham .
come out loudly in favor of the fair tax .
ron paul , ron paul , ron paul !
explain to us how we as a nation can recover from the total ignorance and ineptness of this fraud president and the liberal party that helped him bankrupt this nation to the tune of $ 16 trillion bucks .
keep up the good work senator paul !
fast and furious , the irs , libya murders , aca , the president lying to the american people , it all has happened in a relatively short period of time .
deny devos and support pro choice
he is leaving office now ?
isis savages have massacred over 11,000 innocent children since 2011. the kurdish people have been our allies and most are christians who will stand up to isis .
please listen to steve king and michele bachmann and on the next cr give the 105 billion back that the left shoved in the 2900 page bill .
he has a habit of signing legislation he doesn &apos;t read ... ndaa , obamacare .
the manchild emperor has no clothes !
planned parenthood should not only be defended but those in charge of farming and selling body parts should never see outside a prison ever again .
and 2,500 guns are in mexico because of eric holder and the us gov &apos;t , 20 f-16 &apos;s are heading to a muslim jew hating president in egypt because of the us gov &apos;t , which apparently is their job , to be idiots .
i would like to also know what your views are on the way your &apos;s and you colleagues along with senators , stand on how your insurance is still different from the american people .
been watching gowdy ownage videos all day ... trey is that dude lol
i know obama is playing god right now with this fiscal cliff thing .
people , please read the 1st amendment of the us constitution !
it &apos;s ok marco we will get them next time you show great leadership by shouldering the blame .
cutting government spending in a recession would dry up the little money coming into the economy .
don &apos;t waste an opportunity like this to defund obamacar
seems obama does whatever he wants , and we learn about it later !
when obama closed the border to the terrorists from iraq that killed our troops , he did it after funerals .
send all illegals home and close the border .
i personally like mitch .
what we need is a new presedent not a dictator
i &apos;ll stick with the gov .
impeachment talk needs to be addressed as he said his self lets make history well he made it lets make him be part of more history
bunch of spineless politicians !
vote no on cloture or you will be kicked out at the polls in disgrace .
my vote will most definitely have to be earned sir .
call your senator , send him / her an email , comment on their and your facebook pages , and use twitter to politely , but firmly request that they sign the pledge by mike lee and ted cruz .
mccain you low life bottom feeding traitorous scumbag you gotta go !
we get that you guys are outraged but we voted to have you stop him ! ! !
watch his youtube video at the 1988 republican convention and his youtube video of his 1988 interview with oprah .
very disappointed in you , congressman king .
it sure doesn &apos;t sound like small government to me !
you could have had garland , someone with better qualifications than the current nominee .
obama is power hungry ! !
the gig is up mr ryan , washington as a whole has made it clear that laws are for us peasants.no one in washington is going to do anything about the corruption , selling us out for your globalization , and getting rich off the billions spent by special interests .
cannot wait until we have conservative opponents for our two senate seats .
you have now voted for the continuing destruction of our constitution .
a little late for you to be speaking out now .
however , what is good according to the conservative platform is any corporation spending billions of dollars lobbying congress for &quot; free market &quot; tax benefits so that they can create jobs ... in china !
if obama care is good enough for us why isn &apos;t it for all those in washington ?
if we keep giving in to this pouting child , he will continue to get whatever he wants .
aw shucks , the only way to get rid of obamacare is http : / / presidentbyamendment.com
this passed immigration bill is worse than we all thought .. http : / / www.breitbart.com / big-government / 2013 / 06 / 26 / enforcement-holiday-immigration-bill-allows-criminal-illegals-2-5-years-of-safe-harbor &#91; &#91; share &#93; &#93;
the republican voters have spoken and whether you like it or not they voted for donald trump .
reagan did not trade arms to terrorists .
cutting spending is a good idea , i agree the military budget and the military contractors are killing this country .
if mrs. devos is confirmed , i truly believe i will have no other option but to homeschool .
i agree with rand
give it back to the good people of kentucky instead .
stand up to him and do not let him get away with it .
as for obamacare , you lost and your party is on the wrong side of history .
the voice of reason but watch obama start a war to save face .
bo they &apos;re stuck on cnn and msnbc
and now suddenly they want to cut back spending to a conservative state ?
how many more treasonous things must this administration do anyway ?
jamie foxx called obama &apos; our lord and savior &apos; .
legal immigration needs to be frozen for the time being until we get this mess cleaned up .
i have a suggestion for the government ..... what if we gave welfare workers a bonus letting them share a percentage from the money that would be left over at the end of the year due to less benefits given to ..... the government dependents ..
you &apos;re getting support from the folks that the rhino republicans have discarded , but needed their votes .
the difference between liberals and conservatives : the former sees government waste and proposes solutions to fix it , while the latter sees government waste and wants to throw the baby out with the bathwater .
even the majority of legal hispanics in our country don &apos;t believe in the immigration bill .
we can not continue to let this administration rule our republic as if it was the fatherland .
trent franks wants to let israel take any piece of palestinian land they want .
bruce , great idea about demanding accountability .
and this is why you have no business in congress , sir .
the tea party lose another round &quot; and that &apos;s just the way it is &quot; ps- ted how long before you are hired as a fox news commentator but wait you may be too nuts for even them .
betsy devos is unqualified and lacks the experience and knowledge necessary for this position .
and no medical care , food stamps , or any kind of government aid should go to illegals .
that does &apos;t leave many to run the government.then start over w / term limits , &amp; impeachment 4 b.h.obama.
please stop lying to the american people about benghazi
never should have agreed to fund it in the first place !
yea i see every one asking for donations to repeel obama care but i don &apos;t see any results i am beginning to think that the whole government is just playing games to get even more of our money
we &apos;ve been waiting , congressman mcclintock .
do away with obamacare .
you have long outlived your usefulness in d.c.
if clinton wins texas it &apos;s over for the gop .
cain is running a nasty campaign bought and paid for by those shadowy california backers .
listen to you on c span about the fiscal cliff .
twenty four years infantry veteran from south carolina thanks for all you do .
we are running you out of texas on a rail .
... hillary clinton .... has no charges against her .... there were countless attacks on our foreign embassies during the george w. bush administration ..... sec of state colin powell did not take any direct calls concerning these attacks ....
johnny its best of you stop talking .
castro was a terrorist !
it is called the oduma administration and we can &apos;t depend on the government to even agree on a budget !
senator thune said it all .
something drastic needs to be done to stop him .
continue to speak the truth mia !
i agree except you are saying it is ok to sell out our national interest mr. mcclintock .
they should have let it go in the first place .
rubio rocks -- you know you &apos;re epic when you can troll the liberals with a water bottle .
they will not stop until they are stopped and defeated .
if you vote for cloture you are really voting for obamacare .
yeah john , read it aloud to the president and explain it all .
thanks james and god &apos;s continued protection in your fight .
you have to prepare yourself for the poo-slinging monkeys like christie and bush !
just another cave in
campaign contribution $ 7,950 pat roberts republican , kansas n.r.a.
mr. rubio you are just great !
irs knows nothing about healthcare .
you need to resign immediately you are not fit to serve in any state period .
obama is up to his neck in this as usual
congressman please stop lying for this man .
seriously john , you voted to fund the aca and now you are heading to hollywood ?
there &apos;s a picture of obama and pelosi with another democrat on the left but guess who &apos;s on the right ... john boehner .
you should have impeached him years ago .
devos is a bad idea .
whats the point of having secure borders if we &apos;re just going to fly them in by the plane load .
we will be watching and praying .
please vote no on dream act senator isakson it &apos;ll be on tomorrow to vote .
you &apos;re awesome john mccain .
we &apos;ll start on va hospitals and military hospitals .
i like trey always serious and right to the point .
forget democrat or republican , think like an american and do what is best for the american people .
obama has no understanding about our state and little understanding about coal .
mr. king began his career as a high school social studies teacher ,
but i do mind if they pulled strings to get bob off the air just before the primaries because of his endorsement of their opponent !
probably a little too late !
it was senator mccain who threw us under the bus .
he needs to be replaced by somebody who actually listens to the constituents of his district .
jaime and daniel , praying for you and your family and wishing you lots of love .
god bless the koch brothers .
impeach him fast
fire up old mitch mcconnell .
the epa lead paint rule is stupid to say the least , it is a wonder any of us ever lived through growing up without the epa telling us what to do .
have you listened to them or have you only listened to the media ?
rand paul is responsible for the re-election of mitch mcconnell .
mr. graham - this bill has nothing to do with the second amendment , from our eyes .
regardless of what the sc ( who are likely being paid off to do what king hitler wants ) voted , it is not constitutional !
the fraud must b addressed to save ky retirement system from a meltdown like calif. ky retirement over $ 35 billion in debt , !
mr scott please direct me to where you have obtained your information , so i may read for myself .
why is everyone allowing obama to destroy us
president obama gave 1yr extensions to others - why not to the american people ?
the best chance is the regain the house and defund it .
mr. mccain , you are the inspiration for our country in these troubled times .
dear mr. mc cain , please do not support this immigration reform .
proud to be a sc citizen !
yea so do something about it , oh i forgot you guys give obama what ever he wants .
may they stand for freedom and the constitution we should all hold dear .
the irs has been examining the status of both liberal and conservative groups for years to decide whether or not they should have tax exempt status .
my father caught you on the tube and yelled &quot; mark , tim scott your classmate is on tv &quot;
quit holding the nation hostage and pass a clean cr bill
was never too impressed the way congress handled the matter .
ashley self anyone , even teachers can say merry christmas in texas !
i will be ok with the government sending money to other countreys when and after they can feed and clothe and house the hungry , cold , and homeless people here at home , until then quit sending our money to help those that would rather see us gone !
betsy devos .
know wonder ur name is moran .
actions speak louder than words sir !
scott is highly effective .
mr. amash , i believe if we curb the exorbitant military spending the other issues won &apos;t be such a problem .
hope you will work on others to help the house to impeach the president !
ben carson is my only choice for president .
that &apos;s not what mitch said in 2005 , $ enator !
what we don &apos;t understand is why is obama still sitting on his throne ? ? ?
keep it up ...... never be intimidated by marxist leftist , or by rino &apos;s .... be true to the usa and our constitution !
lets quit talking how messed up the other guy is .
how about a balanced budget .
johnson returned to the u.s. on 20 july 1920. he surrendered to federal agents at the mexican border and was sent to the united states penitentiary , leavenworth to serve his sentence .
cuba has always been a threat to its own people .
please reconsider and vote against devos .
the program is not perfect , why did you waste an entire year trying to repeal the whole thing instead of fixing it ?
absolutely marsha !
it has given our enemies another weapon in the court of public opinon .
the only turn off for me voting for rand paul is his incessant expression of faith .
lest we forget , lincoln had the trent affair ... and there are plenty of other examples .
impeach the b _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ !
you have more to worry about than what obama has to do or have done .
enzi voted against kids in shoshoni , cokeville , burlington , and the list goes on and on .
it &apos;s not part of the common core standards .
i really don &apos;t want to be audited by the irs .
to impeach obama is to charge themselves as well .
mia love , why majority leader and not speaker of the house ?
well bush did nothing either and obama is worse .
please reconsider your support and do what is right for our kids , not just what is politically expedient .
how are you going to expand obamacare to cover everyone ( that &apos;s the goal according to our new president ) , increase military spending , build a wall on the mexican border , triple ice and border patrols , massively cut taxes , and balance the budget ?
burning the flag is a cop out .
senator john mccain i may not share the same political ideologies as you but i agree with you on this particular post .
no paul ryan .
defund his ex .
praying for your family , jody .
can you forgive the confederate flag also for being such a bad guy ? ? ? ?
no you need to have a spine and vote with the house and defund obama care .
once again you have bowed to harry reid and have been outwitted by the democrats .
you no longer have my support sir .
wow for those who can &apos;t afford it but i am there in spirit and standing with you always rand
then continue to vote and send up cr &apos;s for different government agencies several at a time until you fund everything but obama care .
dopey more of the same lindsey .
obama is shredding or constitution , issuing unconstitutional executive orders , embroiled in scandals daily ... and yet the republicans remain silent and do nothing .
mike , please pass a clean cr and heed speaker boehner &apos;s 11 / 2012 words : obamacare is the law of the land .
a consumption tax would cut out all tax cheating because the people would pay immediately for their purchases !
he is going to say he wants more of our money through higher taxes .. but i will not listen to or look at him .. anything that comes on my facebook with his face on it will be immediately deleted ..
it is pretty much that if you don &apos;t support trump then you are a rino pig .get behind the peoples choice or shut to fook up ..... donald trump for president
tim just always do whatever is right and best for america
maybe thats what it takes to wake up the obama voters
yeah because you &apos;ll give him anything he wants like this cromnibus and defunding dhs charade .
i suggest cuts in foreign aid , cut our contribution to the un , cut the spending on all past special interest projects like atv trails and turtle bridges , cut the dept .
he is not doing anything and never has and never will unless it benefits him ! !
a unanimous bill was sent from the senate to the house and the house did nothing .
senator langford please push to cut funds that allow obama to import muslim terrorist .
$ 5 says lindsey wont even win sc in primary
now , what do you plan on doing about it ?
and they are feeding egypt more military planes , and money so watch out america , we have some hard times coming .
square republican fiscal conservatives with that waste and fraud .
no more talk the talk from any of you !
proud of you for this speaker ryan .
he has abuses the constitution and has done many more things against our laws , yet noone will start impeachment procedings .
the tea party tactics were acceptable when they cost tim bishop his seat but turnabout isn &apos;t fun is it ?
i believe lindsey is too much on the sweet side lol go trump ! ! !
let &apos;s just voluntarily send in what we think will keep the military ready for the next war .
you are one class act marco rubio ! !
i hope speaker boehner gave you a nice pat on the back .
i know and met emily cain and support her .
impeach him immediately !
you should have stood up from three beginning instead of now trying to hold your position !
the purpose of not letting obama choose because he is out to destroy this country at any cost it would take an idiot not to see that he wants to make this a muslim country and we patriots are not going to have this b * * * * * * * ?
implicitly , kleinman is calling on congress to reauthorize the zadroga law , which funds medical care and monetary aid to 9 / 11 responders and is named for a nypd detective who died from exposure to the wtc site .
i agree especially heir dictator reid
the military that overthrew morsi is the main recipient of the $ 1.3 billion yearly us aid package to egypt .
i think that obama and his family should be able move to syria and attack them whenever they want !
this goes both ways , you might want to read up on what happened w / the irs and naacp under a republican president .
god bless you , john mccain .
finally a man of his word that is a true conservative
well sir your position on immigration is well expensive
iraq was lie rand .
use $ 290m to pay feds back for race to the top so we can shut down commie core ... get feds out of our state education .
mccain is a sphincter
you are doing a great job standing with senator paul senator chambliss .
george soras and others are also behind obama and others , the people need to vote and not stay home .
you sir , just lost my vote .
we will continue to get real patriot like you in the congress ! ! !
please tell me why no one has instigated impeachment proceedings against bo and hillary for lying to americans .
never give this ( or any other ) president control of the debt limit .
can you not see where obama is taken us ?
for example when you guys or obama make a mistake then its just human error / environmental factors .
marco rubio , as a cuban , has lived the reality of oppression through his parents and other family members , so who are we to repress his views .
take that flag down !
the fathers would not be allowed to hold positions of authority in the church ..... deacons , elders , etc i know this up close and personally !
you forgot number 5 impeach obama !
grow up , mia .
marsha , would you be for it if that filth came through williamson county ?
we want our reps to repeal obamacare and defund it .
105 billion in waste right there cut it off .and get back the money that has already been spent .
hey mccain , the entire nation could save a trillion if we closed the border to your favorite pets , illegals !
the government has made it financially impossible to avoid government programs .
let &apos;s all of the gop not go off on tangents like social issues , but rather stick to the fiscal conservative values and ideas to get this country back on track financially .
she totally messed up supporting the embassy before the attack also !
what do you expect from a non-citizen voted into office by a bunch of welfare recipients !
marco rubio let &apos;s not pretend you &apos;re one of us little people appalled by our government protecting a political insider like hillaryclinton .
our founding father would be appalled by how far apart we have become .
the fact that you believe she is what we need explains a lot about the state of nc schools .
because government is getting away with murder .
... and he should stand trial here not in a military tribunal in gitmo
now please get senator coburn on board as well !
speaker boehner needs to go .
it &apos;s not drama , it &apos;s reacting to feeding the biggest sack of lies to the american people that obama , reid , pelosi could come up with that their &apos; party &apos; would buy and support .
i don &apos;t know this man , but , when he &apos;s right , he &apos;s right .
that has been his goal all along .
why isn &apos;t tn listed as one of the 17 states that are taking the government to court over the recently signed amnesty law ? ? ? ?
congressman , it is time to impeach a president who does not follow federal court orders .
congressman mcclintock , since per the constitution , the house &quot; holds the purse &quot; therefore obamacare should have gone through the house first and not the senate .
you are right mr isakson tell every one office that us what we americans want and expect .
jeff , karen and tom you want congressman woodall to rubber stamp the destructive policies of the current administration ?
i would suggest that you actually do your job , you know , representing the people who voted for you , and vote no on cloture .
we need to take back our country , it is getting out of hand .
and yet , you still insist on funding the whitehouse , yes you , &quot; representative &quot; pittenger , with the power of the purse .
thank god praying for her , and family ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
so why does he get away with it ?
would love to see irs close its doors for good !
so why is america still sending country &apos;s like this aid ? ?
i did a lot of research on mia love since i had never heard of her before .
bush began the massive spending that was necessary to jump start the economy .
i am so upset and disappointed that you are supporting betsy devos for secretary of education .
yeah ryan , suck up to him now you miserable eddie munster looking turncoat .
paul ryan hit the nails on the head .... great job ...
this country is doomed with the current administration and the wimpy conservatives .
lets do something about it ! ! !
when he doesn &apos;t like the cards he is dealt , he throws them down , crosses his arms and refuses to play !
and the sad part about it all , when we the people take up arms against our enemies , obama will not be behind us to support us !
a mother from south dakota
isis has stated that obama and isis stand together .
goodday mr. goodlatte , i am so happy and proud to hear of all the very hard work you are doing to help the american people in their stand on freedom in america.i don &apos;t know where we &apos;d be without you .
i am no loner an admirer of lindsey graham .
&quot; cut c
may god bless you and do your best .
do your homework mike .
ronald reagan , all action , little talk .
barry won &apos;t have that .
this flag was here before you are my time , if u dont like it , move to another country , u are in the wrong place .
kristi - how much would the budget get cut if you eliminated entitlements ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
congress and senate will never give up the purse strings , in my honest opinion .
fine job as usual dr desjarlais .
it does not mean god is great it means god is greater as in my god is greater than yours .
cut cap and balance is the best one of them all !
while i do not agree with obama on his executive orders , at least he is doing something and congress in both houses and both parties have been stupidly playing political games !
you always know someone who &apos;s not to bright when they call it obamacare .. lol well thank god obama does care !
senator rubio , i voted for you in the north carolina primary .
i usually can &apos;t stand listening so wait for fox to get opinions and cover anything worthwhile .
happy thanksgiving to you mr. gowdy you are a true patriot we love you dearly
mr. gowdy , i have a question .
tom , if you don &apos;t run for president and win , we all lose .
john rebstock ... republicans are smart enough to not let it pass to begin with , ergo , no mess to clean up from &quot; lets see what happens &quot; democrats .
don &apos;t support romney but rubio needs to run for president ! !
rand this is the worst time for you to back romney .
and he won &apos;t go third party .
please vote &quot; no &quot; on devos .
sam graves has decided to tie the raising of the debt ceiling to the defunding of obamacare ... because of ppl like him , our government is now shut-down .
i no longer recognize washington d.c. as anything but a hostile foreign entity .
the current administration is out of control !
google mccain says we &apos;re funding i.s.is !
how about defunding the federal government from wasting our tax dollars on other things as well .
i do care for the other unfortunate countries , but if we don &apos;t get ahold of our own spending habits and take control of our own country , how do we &quot; care &quot; for the immigrants who move here to ask for a better life ? ?
fred upton = fred upton
that is exactly what an abortion is especially a late term abortion ! ! !
dhs is unconstitutional !
he wants to destroy us from within .
y &apos;all are going to scratch each others backs until you bury the usa .
grace and class , mia , you have both .
i agree he is part to blame duh !
that obama is based on the year that he has been in office , i cannot find anything that he has said or accomplished that leads me to believe the man uses his smarts or intelligence in a common sense , considerate or workable manner for our country .
you guys need to relax ... you guys really think rand supported mitt without his father &apos;s blessing ?
what r u doing about ht arizona border
&quot; our republican leadership chose poorly last december when selecting security funding as a point of leverage &quot; when have steve scalise , kevin mccarthy &amp; john boehner not chosen poorly ?
next get rid of 0
liar lankford come on down to davis , and tell me how you voted to fund more abortions , with my money !
i believe that the government is out of control with their spending .
the enemy is gaining force : his tanks are standing under the couples , their number is increasing .
i trust president obama with his negotiations with iran .
i could go on and on lee .
rand paul for 2016 ! !
fit his agenda
rubio was great !
trey gowdy in all total upmost respect , could you please check into this ?
yes - just like you vicky should do something to save the children and teachers from common core .
it did not cut enough and we are not taxing enough .
when are you going to vote to get rid of boehner as speaker ?
lindsey graham is just a liar .
it is way past due for congress to exercise the checks and balances of the constitution .
wright fan who was brought up as a islamic muslim , not a christian , nor americans against the obama flag .
you have now put the american people in the forefront please keep us there .
i am sure others will have some great questions and want some answers !
one thing i am praying for is that all of this will hurt her in the election ... come on people lets take back america ...
marco got my vote ! ! !
a cruz endorsement should be enough to boot you out of office .
just praying everyone stays healthy , &amp; trying to save what we previously paid in case of emergency .
the illegals don &apos;t just get a 5 year pass on deportation ( they weren &apos;t being deported anyway ) .
i &apos;m tired of all the talk and no action ! !
@ judgetedpoe so you don &apos;t remember when saint reagan illegally sold weapons to iran to fund the contras ?
good job mitch
btw , harry reid done anything yet to create jobs ?
it &apos;ll be too late to turn back very soon .
obama is the biggest liar , ever to sit in the white house .
i am 80 years old , have voted in every national election , have always voted republican ( even mccain and romney ) but i and millions more republicans will never again vote republican if rinos continue to put politics ahead of principle .
followed by term limits , a balanced budget amendment and the penny plan .
it was shown over and over that no one from these countries have initiated terror attacks and people are already vetted extensively before they are given admission to the u.s. this administration is not looking out for the american people .
i can not believe harper is a co-sponsor of this bill , along nunnelee .
also the one who would not return my emails .
the only legacy he &apos;s maintaining is that of a treasonous usurper doing everything he can to destroy america .
devos has an alarming lack of experience .
senator mccain , we will stand together , sir .
he thinks they are better than americans
what does the saudi arabian flag say ?
president trump needs everyone on board and does not wish to engage in political pettiness with those who withheld their support for him during the primaries , mia was unfortunately one of them , but fortunately he will not hold a grudge as a practical businessman he understands the success game ....
except he has a bigger plan that no one wants to consider .
seems like more attention is being placed on the confederate flag than the hurt that the families of the dead are going through .
read your constitution mr. scherer .
never mind it will destroy the rep party and give the dem / socialist carte blanche control of the government .
that he is resigning and taking his family with him .
use the congressionalt power o push through legislation that will stop obama and his antics .
apparently the majority are these people who want a &quot; no vote &quot; are from another state !
i &apos;m waiting for you to criticize the bushes , reagan and other gop presidents for their similar action .
the areas i lived in were well run with all the qualities mia love states .
mr. gowdy 2016 for president !
please focus on financially conservative issues like these instead of socially conservative issues like abortion or wastes of time like trying to repeal health care .
may god bless you as you stand for the truth in a world that lost his ways .
it just gives the powers that be that idea that they need to spend more , which has helped get us into this mess in the first place .
i &apos;m suprised he didn &apos;t pick ted .
mccain must be going through his 2nd childhood .
the whole thing still will grant amnesty to illegals ! !
if you do not take a prosecutorial stand now you are obviously part of the the problem ...
no , because republicans have sold conservatives out
ben who ?
house speaker john boehner was willing to entertain the possibility of several hundred billion dollars of increased revenues , until he realized he couldn &apos;t sell it to his own caucus .
the epa regs have improved things , but we still have a long way to go .
conference should have happened , amnesty shouldn &apos;t have .
fight on rand , your our leading voice in the senate !
hey sam !
cut spending first on the doorsteps of every congressman .
flat tax no irs !
you should have stood with and supported cruz , show solidarity and support .
lets be realistic here ... you and anyone you know will never stop illegal immigrants .
mr. dejarlais , where is your immigration bill that will replace the president &apos;s eo ?
have ya &apos;ll thought about all the issues that this administration have brought up against our american rights ?
israel is just as bad as the muslim countries ... they are all terrorists and do not care about american interests !
may god bring karma down on you sir !
9 - james bunch - died from a gunshot suicide .
it does , however say , the federal government must keep and maintain a military .
he is not doing anything good for this country so why do we have to put up with hime any longer
i want a president like president reagan or president g.w.
thankful for you mr. steven palazzo !
carla , fast and furious started under obama .
good idea , marco rubio .
i agree with you rand !
tim , great job , we in sc did not take any jobs from washington state .
thank god for rand paul who is standing up for the american people .
64.7 % charlie crist ( i ) 17.64 % marco rubio ( r ) 17.64 % jeff greene ( d ) 0 % kendrick meek ( d )
if you really want to stand up for the american people then pass a clean c.r.
ron paul &apos;s liberty movement is continuing under rand .
little marco !
the entire constitution is just an unecessary inconvienience to this regime .
benghazi proves that this administration and frankly john boehner and the republican leadership cannot be trusted to manufacture and disseminate information as they see fit , and just tell us what to believe .
y &apos;all control the house and senate and still can &apos;t do anything .
lets call it what it is : independence day !
praise the lord paul has seen the light
go get em james let them know what an honest christian dedicated man with conviction stands for
my take after listening to the podcast version of the show was wonder at why representative blackburn is in office at all and at any level .
she is totally unqualified for the position and can &apos;t even answer a yes or no question .
my husband would have been there tim .
we need to repeal but not replace .
rand and ron paul are our only hope !
they should all be held accountable for , and stand trial for treason .
ill bet dempsey is licking his chops he told mccain we need to stay out and he is right .
but the newly appointed republicans are too busy thinking about how to lie their way back into position for re-election .
yeah , we need romney .
impeach obama now - ion .
it wouldn &apos;t surprise me if he is buddies with the guy
obama &apos;s actions are not illegal if not challenged and proved other-wise !
look how long it took to get our marine back home ! !
as an educator , i vote no for devos also .
gitmo should not be closed .
you continually give us south carolinians hope that washington will one day wake up .
you , mr. ryan , are a part of that status quo and i am hopefully looking forward to a new speaker of the house !
my dad said no planes .
he should be speaker .
i hope now that the gop has control they will get rid of obamacare .... but the way things are looking probably not going to happen ... but since those in d.c don &apos;t fall under obamacare no real motivation either .
obama is thwarting the balance of power . , impeach , imprison http : / / freebeacon.com / issues / obama-admin-plans-more-executive-action-on-immigration / &#91; &#91; share &#93; &#93;
this is no ones business anyway .
mr. roskan , what would you do specifically to stop iran from developing a nuclear weapon if we turn down this bill ?
even the president is implementing cruz &apos;s plan via exemptions .
tom , here &apos;s a law that we need : one that would eliminate hate from peoples heart and two that would make crazy people sane .
when i was a kid ( some 50 ) years ago you could go to the south yuba river in nevada county and not find so much as a cig butt .
my flag is flying high today !
you want it to go back to the way it was then stop talking and start standing up .
i think the problem is that there aren &apos;t enough of you rand !
his marxist muslim corrupt agenda that he has been so tactfully doing with dirty money is finally being seen for what it truly is and we don &apos;t want to be a socialist country .
the republican congress isn &apos;t working to end anything !
a loser &amp; a traitor .
thanks for being our voice god bless you !
i would like to see a no vote to any and all washington involvement into education in any way ! !
oh wait , if you were true christians you &apos;d know this already .
we can &apos;t support perpetual war , the military-industrial complex , and economic colonialism and claim that we support freedom , liberty and the constitution .
georgia needs to have legislation in place to protect us from ever having sharia law .
rand i would &apos;ve never left my fathers side , not that one .
lord brin your power to bear , help rand paul , and mr. isa do their job , annoint them with wisdom from above ! !
jesus should not be expected to accept anyone if they are in sin , and his home is sinless .
i always kind of liked christie until saturday night .
please stand for america , we must remove the bad laws of obamacare .
go get &apos; em mia ! ! !
simply defund obamacare !
wonder why graham hasn &apos;t issued a statement all day ?
come on , mike .
we must be a friend to israel !
and by the way , the communist party usa endorses lots of people and who cares , because it means nothing !
bruce , we need you to help stop the internet give away .
what deal have you cut for your endorsement ?
we , the voting residents and concerned citizens of tennessee , request that senator lamar alexander hold a town hall meeting in nashville prior to the committee vote to confirm betsy devos &apos; nomination for secretary of education .
we love you in texas ! !
tell speaker boehner &amp; the rest of the republicrat rino &apos;s , no-amnesty-for-illegals !
yet another sports commentary , jerry maybe you can find a new line of work .
mr walden it was upheld by our nations highest decsion maker and court why not let it stand
stop obama and his muslim brotherhood .
and greg your right .
as a fellow pro-liberty conservative , i reluctantly have to say justin is wrong on this issue .
another bad deal for america !
lets go back to the the fed .
include the air force in that !
our liberty is depending on men like you !
if you don &apos;t like mr zeldin , unlike the page .
the order is legal and constitutional ( people in foreign countries don &apos;t have our constitutional rights ) .
you won &apos;t override a single veto and you know it .
one of the finest men god put on this earth !
you are a patriot
cut out the pork .
quick somebody call a dr .
do those &quot; cuban americans &quot; that rand mentions have the best interest of cuba in mind or america ?
how is it possible that a kenyan born socialist obama is still president ?
every time a political party decides they don &apos;t like something .. just vote to defund it .
glad to hear you won mr. paul .
the struggles of north carolina or any other state in regards to education just got pushed back at least 50 years .
senator , i know you did not vote for obamacare and continue to oppose it .
you were chosen to replace a fraud , a rino ... always remember
since i believe this prophecy that god gave to a god fearing man in 2011-------trump chosen by god to stop america &apos;s destruction - astounding 2011 prophecy--------i have to believe mitt romney , ben sasse &amp; the evil ones like them are of the devil !
if he violates our constitution , real conservatives should be ready to lead the fight against tyranny .
i think a real good question at hand is what on gods green earth is our current sergeant at arms doing ?
the second amendment is the deterrent that protects the constitution as does a strong military protect the country .
support for cispa would be very disappointing .
or at least impeachment .
&quot; the american people &quot; of the constitution scalia showed such &quot; fidelity to &quot; elected this president tcarry out his duties for a term of 4 years .
i don &apos;t normally agree with you on anything but i am with you on this issue .
senator johnny isakson of georgia received $ 102,500 in corporate contributions .
medicare is not government healthcare , it is government insurance .
americans need to wake up and realize our fundamental constitutional rights are being chipped away at one by one .
in an attempt to free the hostages , ronald reagan secretly sold arms and money to iran .
we are broke rubio .
absolutely no tax increase - this is all i have heard from everyone i have talked to for the past month .
thank u very much for having the guts to vote against boehner .
please continue to support the constitution !
so much for obama &apos;s repeated promises that americans wouldn &apos;t have to change their plans if they were satisfied .
talk to the vets and maybe our country can avoid another mess .
i say yes to becoming legal and paying taxes just like all us americans do .
re : education secretary nominee betsy devos betsy devos is a multi-billionaire .
mary cal , wouldn &apos;t it be amazing if lee zeldin penned a companion bill to assemblyman al graf &apos;s bill ?
mccain is right to insist on the facts , and to retain control over putin &apos;s economic options within our reach .
her signs are red to make the uninformed voter think she &apos;s the conservative in the race .
to keep spending of course .
if people can &apos;t see what obama is doing to this country they are blind - even though obama and the clinton &apos;s hate each other - they all have the same alinsky goals !
too bad the constitution won &apos;t allow any change in your salary while you &apos;re in office .
the gop establishment has passed a rule change at the republican convention that &quot; offers the republican establishment a new tool to keep at bay tea party initiatives . &quot;
don &apos;t you think it &apos;s time to forgive us for something we had no part of ?
being conservative during an election year is not what this country needs .
what role does paul ryan play in this rand , we need to know
amen he is .
&quot; i think the speaker overstepped his bounds . &quot;
he &apos;s a gifted speaker to be sure , but he &apos;s empty , just like his promises .
maybe cutting back on frequent personal vacations like our president takes is one move , having congress have there healthcare through obamacare if it isn &apos;t going to be repealed .
couldn &apos;t vote for you since we live in oklahoma now , but was praying for a victory for you ! !
what parts of constitution is he violating ?
he has no respect for our supreme court and preaches false church doctrines .
why should american money , tax payer money , money that could be used in numerous other ways , be spent on obama going to that funeral .
you are my candidate for president you and dr. ben carson !
remember all the students of sc you screwed up before going to sleep tonight ! ! ! !
i &apos;ll donate on mark &apos;s behalf , then vote for rand on his behalf .
who in the house has the backbone to start proceedings against these federal judges that fail over and over to up hold the constitution and instead create nonexisting law .
if not it will be too late .
the so called christian conservative rino &apos;s demanding trump drop out because of a locker room comment 11 yrs ago .
was told by my republican congressman that it was for my protection .
we go from a surplus - under clinton , to a deficit - under gwb , hmm , let &apos;s see , mr. bush , adopted a terrible financial philosophy on how to run a country ... into the ground .
it isn &apos;t &quot; respect &quot; the fourth amendment it &apos;s the law hold them accountable for something
i can &apos;t believe you are endorsing trump and then come to us for obama closing gitmo when he has been letting go dam near all of them already while congress has their hands in their pockets doing nothing and you complain no that half of them are gone .
pray it succeds
ever heard of &quot; no taxation without representation &quot; ?
i think rand is confusing mad with the american people just getting disgusted with people who collect money for doing a job they aren &apos;t doing .
i just hope to have a few democrats with dignity and help to defund obamacare .
he should of been impeached long ago then we would not be in the ness we are in .
please kick obama out now please .
he is a traitor to the us .... and you know it .
they pay no taxes , no insurance , get paid under the table and in some states get to vote .
start doing what the bible sez bless israel !
no .. no no no no
obama , scientists , the pentagon , and evidence agree with that statement , as should you vern .
trey gowdy is brilliant , ethical and unbendable force in which the democrats have no match .
ty for taking a brave stand &amp; voting no on cloture .
i don &apos;t think any senators or congressmen should get any money either nor the president ! ! !
you will never be you can &apos;t even win the sc primary
your response to the question of your presence at the american enterprise institute &apos;s annual world forum was simply to speak on school choice and conservative solutions doesn &apos;t set as a completely transparent response .
obama has asked us to trust him to handle the problems and he has spent 3 years blaming everyone else for the problems .
hanoi john kerry is the last person in this country who should be talking about sending our military to war .
nothing we say here is going to do one iota of differance until we throw all those bums in washington out nothing will change
obama is not going to stop .
christine - raising the debt ceiling does indirectly raise debt .
house of sauds ( saudi &apos;s ) , muslim brotherhood has already infiltrated white house and u.s. government .
i will be praying that voters in our district wake up &amp; smell the coffee during the next election cycle and end yours &amp; the republican &apos;s party reign of terror .
someone needs to impeach the idiot we have now !
many north carolina families seeking the best for their children rely on public schools .
7 % flat tax would be plenty enough revenue to operate the government with if all the wasteful agencies and their minnions were abolished .
don &apos;t trust obama at all ! !
if you devide the republican vote we stand a very good chance of loseing !
bless you senator mccain for being a true patriot and for speaking up clearly and for taking action against the naive and dangerous actions of our new president .
how can the president make special exemptions from the disastrous effects of this law ?
those decisions are &quot; poor &quot; , blaine luetkemeyer ............. they are calculated by obama who is a muslim jihadi .... and he &apos;s doing all that he can to destroy america , as that is obama &apos;s chief jihadi goal !
every once in in a while i like john mccain .
congressman buchanan , i have been a huge supporter of yours for many years now .
why has my visits been cut , but my insurance has gone up ?
trey gowdy would be perfect for majority leader !
please join our group making friends through rand paul if you are interested in connecting with other rand supporters .
a : according to one count , presidents ronald reagan , george h.w.
praying for you from texas , clay !
ben carson is a good man , but he just doesn &apos;t have the killer instinct to take on the problems our country will face in the future .
he is stupid at best or as bad as obama .
today &apos;s vote in the senate on the disability treaty is mind boggling .
you , graham , obama , hillary and everyone who has been on board with gun running from benghazi to syria to support al qaeda qualify under the terms as written .
amen , mia - it couldn &apos;t have been said better !
ggod bless mr sharon and god bless and protect isreal
i am from texas and will do anything to get him out of office .
obamacare and the giant national debt are both terrifying !
praying , praying for you too senator scott
until then , give me liberty or give me death !
so sorry for your loss mr. trey gowdy .
congress is forcing the army to buy tanks it neither needs nor wants http : / / www.businessinsider.com / congress-forcing-the-army-to-make-tanks-2012-10
i will be watching , are you going to be a conservative this time ?
like your president , mrs. devos is far from qualified to do the job being offered her .
we need one flat tax for personal taxes , coporation , capital and dividens , hedge funds .
cruz !
raul castro and fidel castro are the only cubans who will benifit from this trade .
he deserves respect , you may not agree that is why america is so great but never forget who fought for our freedom
did you hear the news about what john boehner and his crew did ?
vote to defund this train wreck .
get them here , then starve them - makes no sense .
i pray that god give you wisdom to make the right choices for our country
had it passed it would be the first approval by the senate to allow a foreign power to unilaterally change our constitution .
congressman chaffetz , if finding the truth requires impeachment then don &apos;t plea bargain it or settle to get it .
a must read ..... october 2 , 2013 when the house passed legislation to defund obamacare but would keep the government running through mid-december , the senate , led by senate majority leader , senator harry reid ( d-nv ) stated that they would not budge on obamacare and the legislation was defeated .
congressman goodlatte offered his condolences .
i missed feinstein &apos;s report on obama &apos;s use of deadly drone force and collateral damage .
it is unfortunate that you represent a senatorial district in my beloved georgia .
one thing i would like to have you answer is was he lying about being a foreign exchange student or was he lying when he said he was a us citizen .
are fox watching americans the only ones who are missing it ?
rand tell all the people in washington to kiss off for me .
the liberals must be dealt with strongly - they gave you / us no choice on things such as obamacare and more .
everyone makes mistakes and that is what happened in the debate .
our liberty is under attack right now .
we need to get focused on the income to debt ratio as it applies to all spending , we can no longer offer benefits to those individuals who have never have paid into the system .
obama will just executive order it ...
if any of our politicians are for arming the rebels they should be impeached .
marco rubio is my considered choice for the next president of the united states .
your words are hollow , mr. scott .
go get &apos; em c. r .
gee , folks , the senate does not impeach ( indict ) .
stop the shutdown , get some real work done and do what we sent you there to do .
we have got to start looking out for america &apos;s people and let these other countries fend for themselves .
and you know it and do absolutely nothing about .... him ! ! ! ! !
see how obamacare is helping our people .
how about israel never signing the nuclear non proliferation treaty ? ? ?
it is a program that has managed fine for a number of years and i &apos;m not seeing kansas doing very well managing much of anything much less seniors major health coverage .
&quot; precautions &quot; set forth by a bloated govt bureaucracy should not take the place of common sense and personal responsibility .
john mccain is and always has been a traitor .
god bless you , louie gohmert .
john mccain sucks
i had went to the hospital to have surgery and the drs and local authorities had place a chip in body without my consent , please sir hear this message and send me someone who can help .
we miss billy graham
thanks for standing your ground sir !
when my hubs was in the military if he had done what she did his security clearance would have been taken !
it &apos;s the belief held by most americans that congress is not doing a good job .
prayers for a replacement that will uphold the constitution .
gop needs to stand up united !
i just checked and the photo is still in his facebook albums page i guess til he hears about it and someone covers that up ... pls tell the others ... pls ... we are being lied to ! !
wait until that powerful group of 12 raises taxes guts ssi and medicare and never gives yall a chance to vote for balanced budget .
stand with rand https : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? feature = player _ embedded &amp; v = a-a _ yr1jzhy https : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = 1s-zhrnpfkq &#91; &#91; share &#93; &#93;
http : / / www.politifact.com / truth-o-meter / article / 2013 / oct / 02 / 10-things-obamacare-supporters-say-arent-entirely- / basically , as i see it , it comes down to a simple question , do you want more freedom and personal responsibility in your life or do you prefer more government control and forfeiture of basic freedoms .
yet rand has no problem with our tax money going to israel .
he wants to pass a bloated transportation bill .
crossing the border illegally !
obama is a muslim so what can you expect .
mr. paul , just after roosevelt there was a president truman , a famous quote about harry truman was &quot; give &apos; em hell harry &quot; it &apos;s not as eloquent but &quot; give &apos; em hell rand ! &quot;
god bless you jerry moran !
i absolutely agree with senator paul &apos;s actions .
be courageous , be a leader , and be a conservative or your supporters will find someone who is a conservative leader .
get a bill together and get him impeached .
can something be done about obama using tax dollars to go out and fundraise ?
please consider the long term effect that this nominee could cause to the next generation of america &apos;s leaders .
i , for one , want answers as to who lied about these emails .
well said tim scott
sounds like kentucky has some good ideas on the deficit .
do you job and stop him from acting like a dictator or king
( fill in the blank ) sorry , i want someone who i can trust to answer the phone at 0300hrs before he checks to see where he stands on anything !
you sir , in my opinion are serving your position well .
i don &apos;t have that luxury in florida except for sen rubio .
it is time for congress to simplify the tax code .
please vote no on raising the debt ceiling , without significant spending cuts .
marsha marsha marsha ... you are as addicted to spending as all the rest of the dems / repubs !
no forign aid to anyone until the us is back in the black !
you would cave to the first one that said &quot; boo &quot; ! !
now obama you have more blood on your hands with the 2nd journalist beheaded .
no supreme court confirmation during the remainder of the obama term .
and yet , the rinos do nothing
how people can &apos;t see how obama is trampling all over our constitution is beyond me .
maybe greta figured you were being like nobama and just voting present to just answer roll call : )
mia you are a disgrace to every minority that lives ..... wake up .... how many of the romney supporters would have you in their homes , let alone shake you hands .
me too .... i &apos;m saddled with lindsey graham ....
let us note a vote against freedom that marco rubio committed : 2012 ndaa ( indefinite detention of us citizens without trial ) .
and so mr. walberg , where are you when obama and the liberal republicans violate and threaten our sfety , security and our liberty ?
you have said in the past there is no budget .
@ carole warnecki &quot; i like rand paul , but will never support him if his father costs us this election .
· why are republican legislators supporting common core if the rnc has condemned it ?
betsy devos does not have the knowledge or the experience required to hold this position .
this is why you lost the primary mr rubio .
harry reid is exactly what is wrong with our government .
so tom i just read an article that says this congress of which you are a part of took 239 days off this year ?
also , i &apos;m feeling that i failed to give mia adequate support this time .
but i don &apos;t see where the old flag comes in .
in fact , you are actually part of the reasons i &apos;ve left the republican party for the libertarian party where &quot; small government &quot; is actually principle and not campaign rhetoric .
i wish obama and all the others in his administration would hire a bunch of them to clean for them .
it &apos;s time to oust or impeach anyone in dc that is trying to avoid or manipulate our constitution , and rewrite their own laws .
and thamk for for leaving the secret gang of 8 on amnesty in the house .
what was reagan then ... he put the gop on its head !
we , your hoosier conservative base , no longer trust you , john boehner , mitch mcconnell or the gop establishment .
the usa will never cave to radical islam terrorist scum .
okay , please take your ignorance of comments on mr. mccain off of fox news profileon here .
besides rand &apos;s bill to audit the fed this is one of the best things you guys are working on right now !
rand paul ur awesome but that &apos;s not how it happened and ur misleading us
marsha you are just another stupid republicunt
gotta play the reagan card at least once if you want to get the dimwitted republican masses to stand with you .
carly and ben .
compromise with spending cuts , revenue increase , and temp ceiling hikes with real and measurable ways to pay down the debt .
god bless you for your service to this country .
congratulations mia love from me here in arizona .
we told you who we wanted loser what the hell have you conservatives been doing besides lining your own pockets .
you tell mia !
i am praying for them i hope they were not with the nightmares
how the hell is rand paul updating his facebook ?
you should have actually stood with rand or spoke up much earlier .
comparing the earned income tax rates and the capital tax rate is an apples an oranges comparison .
can someone close the border plz
mr speaker sounds good to me .
impeach this no it all care less about the usa president and do it now .
speaker john boehner says he will not bring up any eventual house-senate immigration compromise for a vote unless it has the support of the majority of house republicans .
i love mia ! !
our kids are now 3 and 7. we were also told that mike will live with this cancer for the rest of his life .
benghazi , irs , nsa , the whole alphabet soup of scandals , not to mention obamacare ? ?
vern , we are becoming very unprepared .
if he wants money for this , make him take it from other useless agencies , not put it on america &apos;s credit card .
assad is trying to save his country from the muslim brotherhood .
just what chairman ryan says .
the two year is to help in nov . 2014. ones like graham like it so the can or hope to return to dc .
rand , i support you all the way .
we gave everything and get nothing in return mot to mention the people of cuba gain zero !
he is a no good muslim traitor and clint eastwood was 100 % right when he said obama is the biggest hoax on us .
it &apos;s too bad that you can explain rand pauls position better than he can .
now if only today &apos;s politicians would defend it with the same honor and sacrifice our founding fathers did .
you can lead the world and do whatever is necessary to eliminate radical islamic terrorism by getting rid of obama .
sincerely , patrick j. tiberi representative to congress
forever little marco in my mind-
and you would rather be on fox news ?
obama will never turn on his own people , not americans !
marco rubio i hope u help pasco hang in there-
however i don &apos;t think obamacare is the wau to go .
you are a good man sen. scott , please don &apos;t let washington change you ! ! !
he would have not been fiscally conservative .
oh wait here is another = 10 out of 10 9 / 11 first responders need the permanant funding of zadroga ! !
congress and all federal employees need to take pay cut .
cut the government by 50 % first , cut welfare intitlements by 50 % , secure the borders , and begin deporting illegals immediately .
mike , please do not defund nor delay obamacare .
i &apos;m tired of reading all your comments on fb yet obama does what ever he wants .
not necessarily to win , but to educate and get conservatives to the polls .
jesus did nothing !
however it does mean pray for god to convict him and lead him in godly ways .
how about repealing and replacing obama ?
note you won &apos;t pass a continuing resolution to pay the bill you wanted all because your 44 + failed attempts to repeal the affordable care act went nowhere .
kathi , the complete list of town hall meetings is in the post by james just below .
kasich ticket or sen. cruz and gov.huckabee ticket .
well no duh !
first thing that should have been cut was the excessive spending by the president , his wife , and the vice president .
a fair tax with the aim of eliminating the irs and crony loop wholes would be a good goal
obama is spending faster than bush &amp; reagan and has no intentions of stopping .
while i am a christian and believe in forgiveness , this man does not deserve to be set free .
god , the way things are going we will soon not be allowed the vietnam memorial , world war ii memorial because someone doesn &apos;t like it .
-patrick henry &quot; he that would make his own liberty secure must guard even his enemy from oppression ; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach to himself . &quot;
21 horas atrás - eu já sabia que obama venceria .
please act conservative !
yeah , mccain .
obamacare does not allow all americans access to healthcare .
all the best from canada marco !
i probably won &apos;t even listen because all that comes out of his mouth is a lie .
please , please vote no against the immigration reform bill put forth by the gang of 8. border security first ! !
&apos; and they roared when rep. lindsey graham ( r-s.c. ) quipped about a late-night telephone call from clinton to lewinsky , &quot; where i come from , you call somebody at 2 : 30 in the morning , you &apos;re up to no good . &quot; &apos;
by the by .. does anyone remember the preamble to the constitution ?
can we impeach the president on this ? ? ?
we need to start a fund to help snowden
buried deep within ndaa obama classifies all american soil as &quot; a battlefield &quot; and it translates to &quot; all americans are considered combatants in the war on terror . &quot;
we need a third party , the established republican party has turned it &apos;s back on us
saddest part , when people like marco rubio , a tea party backed candidate , turned traiter and voted yea to send the money to them .
unbelievable that you actually wanted the commander in chief position , but won &apos;t vote .
now you are part of the problem , you pandering traitor .
john thune one of the best senators in the nation
this is why washington is is loosing the american people you guys don &apos;t listen ! !
have pointed out obamacare is not legal because it xid not originate in thew house .
i am am an american citizen from tn .
senator rubio , your statement appears to address the eventual policy being considered .
hey little marco .
alternative energy , wind and solar in georgia will create jobs .
a passionate plea from a christian syrian woman and u.s. citizen directly to senator mccain .
conservative and liberal doesn &apos;t have to be our only options either , senator .
seems you , cochran and wicker are the &apos; 3 monkeys of see no evil , hear no evil , speak no evil .
obama will continue to escalate the debt until we cannot afford to have any military or supply fuel for his sky bus .
rubio or christie
how very quickly the republican forget everything they supported under bush which is suddenlt a threat to america because obama has the audacity to enforce the law .
no straight answer was given for any question .
just come out and tell the people the truth !
now he is backing off and also just went to play golf .... oh , yeah , he is worried alright .
finally someone with the guts to take on the system .
she is stunningly unqualified for this position .
come on people wake up lets start weeding out those career politicians and get back to a true conservative democracy .
and not betsy devos .
no , congress does not have anything that is worthy of impeachment .
i sent emails to burr and hagan also .
but i would rather we be allowed to drill our own oil here in the usa and off our coastline !
that &apos;s the difference between the midwest and the gulf coast , the gulf complains while the midwest rolls up their sleeves and rebuilds
what have mr. sasse and his fellow cucks in the senate conserved ?
mccain , mcconnell , and you have become balless rinos .
i agree with you vern let &apos;s get it done asap !
if you plan to get this country back on track the first thing you need to do is get rid of barry obama , or whoever he is .
keep strong sc
stay the course ted and not give in !
i also saw the strength god gave our president george bush to rise to the occasion , to maintain a keen presence of mind so as to know when and how to respond .
now they are covering pre-existing for everyone and before they were not and many other scenarios that were not covered before .
i &apos;ve written rep. rigell and asked he support you for speaker .
quit complaining and whining and impeach the communist -- finally ! ! ! !
congrats mr gowdy keep up the good work
paul , did you mean obama or marty ?
the aggregate lens that i use to study her background , watch her hearing , and read her statements with has led me to one simple conclusion : betsy devos has never been a teacher .
agreed , delusional and digusting especially because they think we are idiots and going to believe it .
good , can you also ask glen about common core that obama is implementing into all public schools .
time for you sir to grow up ... you guys are either part of the problem or part of the solution ... you sir , part of the problem .
good job mr. blum , please keep up the good work .
keep it mr. paul we need solid voices such as yours in congress .
may god continue leading you down the path you should go .... you are a mighty man of god .
even if it made it thru the house and senate obama would veto it .
we need it in kansas .
while you &apos;re there watching the show , explain to our senators kyl &amp; mccain how to be gop conservatives .
oh , by the way , that was in chicago ... perhaps he &apos;s heard of it.why would obummer confuse his words with events that happen though .
jason , i think that some version of this repeal will become law .
oh and they think conservatives eat worse than liberals .
oh just blame it on bush !
very shameful sir
let &apos;s move to a flat tax .
i &apos;ve known dave for well over a year now .
rubio is certainly a gifted speaker , with a background that originates in cuba , with a story of perserverance and determination ! !
it &apos;s simple steven palazzo you &apos;re talking about activist judges who if elected should be recalled and if appointed impeached and removed from the bench ..
ted cruz i &apos;m sure would join you ! !
as i have asked before when are you tom and the congress going to do some thing about this thing in our white house ?
prayers scott for you and your family during this hard time .
and , if he does so without congressional approval , he should be impeached .
if obama wants to call for missile strikes to save face , let him carry the responsibility for once .
praying for america under obama - worse than any typhoon !
secure the border before any type of amnesty bill is passed .
get the stupid , weak , anti americans &quot; out &quot; of d.c.
bo ( or his handlers ) should be writing fairy tales , not policies .
isn &apos;t it his constitutional prerogative to nominate whoever he wants , thpugh ?
bob we need a new speaker .
lets fix it or do away with it .
i agree john , how stupid can the republican party be .
hey chaffitz , quit doing talk shows about hils and begin impeachment on nimrod in chief .
stupid is what stupid does !
tell the potus to quit spending money ! ! !
johnny i am sure she has really been a blessing for you .
if you vote for cloture , you &apos;ll enable harry reid to restore obamacare funding with only 51 votes .
please try and handcuff mr obama .
veterans services , and national security .
you , sir , have proven that you only care about saving your job in dc .
listen to your father and stop the neocon pandering !
marco , it seems you &apos;re the only one who isn &apos;t afraid to say that obama is destroying us deliberately .
we have no constitutional reason to be there and most importantly , we can &apos;t afford it !
we are praying sir
and he prides himself as being very conservative .
now thats is the ticket : -d i &apos; m with you mia .
vote speaker out ! ! !
when hillary was asked , by trey gowdy why she didn &apos;t send help , her answer was , &quot; the whole thing was over on 45 minutes .
but you have proven to be a true patriot and seem to genuinely care about the people of this nation .
this goes against our own constitution .
belated merry christmas to you and your family sir
maybe you should , elise , listen to your avg working constituent instead of those with vested interests in getting rid of all you described above .
need to be looking at the irs , who set all the tax deductions in the first place ?
however i wish you would have stood up for conservatism over the past few years while senator cruz had the guts to do it .
the tradgey to me justin is that the rhino &apos;s republicans really but a few , want this obama the marxist out office .
i can &apos;t think of anything that this administration has succeeded in ?
yes mr. purdue , we finally have a president who lies about everything .
they are paying , i think every working person should pay some taxes why do we not have a flat tax that if you make 10 $ you pay 1 $ in tax for everybody regardless of income .
your days in office are numbered , lamar !
budget cut idea ... remove the paid fed .
dear congressman blaine luetkemeyer , please co-sponsor house resolution 752 , you are in a position to change the world where humans can learn to live in harmony with sentient beings .
trey is tough ....... we need tough !
for the past two elections the republicans have been all mouth and no backbone ! ! !
why didn &apos;t you stand with conservatives and symbolically vote no on the cr , since it was clearly going to pass anyway .
speak up , the shredder y &apos;all are using on the constitution is drowning out your voice ...
one extremely endearing thing about you james is i do believe you intend to meet absolutely everyone in oklahoma that you can between now and nov . 2nd .
the republican party needs to split , because if trump and rubio are both republicans despite such different views , then our party is in fact , though not in name , 2 different parties .
love love vern !
now that i am older i should &apos;ve voted for someone else as president then obama he isnt the best choice of a president !
i hope the ban goes through - and you can override his veto .
we need you mr poe in the white house
you must have had an rnc translator then .
dear senator isakson , without detracting in the least from what you say about aids , please , please use your position on the health committee to overturn the blackballing of people suffering from lyme disease .
blow it out your rear lindsey , trump has all of you running ...
tom graves still represents the 9th , but will represent us next year as the new 14th district .
maybe you could explain why harry reid his kid blm are in a back door deal with china in nevada .
wait , did you just say the president did something right , congressman ?
defund blaine
these were countries already approved by the congress to be known to help terrorist organizations under obama &apos;s administration .
rand your the man america needs
so marsha , are you going to take a pay cut ?
the people of florida and the rest of us in the country should just be glad that you decided to continue to serve we the people .
i &apos;ll just be a conservative independent .
i &apos;m extremely proud to live in your district congressman poe .
why not talk about irs scandal too
of labor instead of our lives ... i &apos;m &quot; praying &quot; for a conservative president to be elected as i &apos;m fearing america is heading toward a socialist communistic government as we are gradually losing our rights with the present administration .
we need some common sense in dc ! ! !
dave ramsey needs to go teach lessons on how to budget income and outgo to the president down !
michael brewton u sir r so right about rand paul.let &apos;s stand with r constitution and never let somebody like eric holder and / or obama destroy it ! !
like &quot; stimulus &quot; , borrow money so the federal government can send it to states to not face the funding music .
no budget needed .
you cannot pass a border bill before you go on vacation .
i am a former educator and have children in tennessee public schools .
too little too late from you mr. ryan
get the zadroga act to vote , for once , do the right thing # worstresponders
sadly , not many of your constituents can stomach watching mr obama speak .
to all those people worrying about iran , listen to the founding fathers : trade with nations , but no entangling alliances .
april - us government has been lying to us about nsa , irs , epa , benghazi , fast &amp; furious , extortion 17 , etc etc etc ... and added dea today - spying on us since 1987. we can &apos;t trust them .
hagan better enjoy it while she can because we the people will vote her out ......
our government failed us by first secretly getting involved .
sorry christy , not from this conservative !
obamacare is not health care it is forced health insurance .
having no plan gets us more of the same .
if you don &apos;t have the guts to do that then keep out of my business and quit telling congress to pass things that will harm my ability to make money .
i am voting for any competitor this coming election and i am spreading the word as i did at my 52nd class reunion to please don &apos;t vote for incumbent isakson .
just repeal it , we can talk replace later .
i don &apos;t remember one christian cutting off the head of a muslim .
this is an absolute travesty jerry .
i support you 100 % mr. graham but i can &apos;t in good conscious vote for either obama or romney .
2024 the wh is yours if you elect trump now , secure the border , defeat isis , repeal obamacare and bring jobs back to the us .
it &apos;s way past impeachment time , bill .
will china send them back once they fix all the problems ?
oh , and if obama care is good enough for the american people it should be good enough for the elected officials who voted to exclude themselves from it .
georgia is better than this and deserves better than you , mr. perdue .
don &apos;t cave to the demands of the obama and his cronies .
your a fool , when one of the best conservative republicans support donald trump and has never endorsed i might add- endorsed trump yesterday well what &apos;s wrong with you are you stuck on stupid ?
you are so right marco rubio !
bs , shirley , carter had a 70 % tax rate that reagan cut down to 28 % .
one question---why did you and mccain cave in on a recent nomination after saying you would do everything to block it----you know the one i am talking about ? ? .
since mccain has been the main roadblock to dadt being repealed and it &apos;s his page , i think it &apos;s an appropriate topic .
you are a traitor and will not be elected again .
greg and i saw you on &quot; greta &quot; last night and we were so proud of you for making it clear that you do not owe susan rice an apology .
help by supporting your fellow patriots trying to get the word out .
if he continues to flip on his original policies like he &apos;s done 5 times since last wednesday morning , then we have the authority to over ride .
once again bruce you are showing why we elected you to office .
reagan agreed to raise taxes , compromising with dems who promised spending cuts .
please , i sincerely ask that congress begin impeachment proceedings .
congress was not given unlimited authority to legislate ; the people are only required to obey those laws that are in conformity with the constitution .
this is not up to a president and is illegal per the us constitution .
we did not run up 6 trillion in 5 years it was obama and his administration , stimulus , careless spending on failed green energy and giving to other countries .
the ga house passed hb 512 this morning .
the only balanced approach is to reduce spending .
mitch mcconnell , stop being a # worstresponder and take care of our first respoders !
it is hard to be a black conservative but your also a woman and that is a double whammy .
if you want to vote along with harry reed on and for cloture .
thanks for your presence for sen. cruz !
may god continue to bless you senator and that you are not potus is a disgrace .
see it thru ted !
ok james why ?
cain is another weak minded puppet .
the time has come for people , like the speaker of the house , be removed from office and allow true conservatives in the mold of ted cruze and mike lee take leadership positions in the congress .
he is 3rd in command in the senate and is the epitome of an establishment republican .
well said mr. president-to-be-elect 2016 !
betsy devos is unfit to lead the nation in education .
thank u for all u do , to defund obama care we cannot afford it
i was laughing when he said this ; because it is the truth and no one else will dare say it .
if republicans are not going to go to washington and do anything to uphold the party platform why are you there ?
down with obama care !
hopefully we will be calling john mccain and lindsey graham ex-senators soon .
f off mitch .
too little probably too late mr. ryan !
mr. speaker , there has literally been zero accountability for what happened in benghazi .
some of us want your resignation mr. alexander .
really , i thought he would be meeting his buddy obama for some golf .
betsy devos is dangerously unqualified and will ruin our schools .
if we won &apos;t follow our own constitution or honor the geneva convention why should anyone believe or trust us .
god bless you , your husband and unborn child .
mcconnell promises eastern ky many things including coal protection but never deliveres .
you have disappointed your conservative base , and i &apos;m afraid you have lost our confidence .
betsy devos has no experience with the public school system .
as a minister , i pray for you .
wonderful mia .
it was wrong when bush did it , it is still wrong when obama does it ... heck in 2007 even obama railed against the wiretaps ...
american dream candidate for united states senator , .. vote for thom tillis , he will make you proud to be a american .
this has been his plan from the beginning
congratulations , may god bless you as you serve kentucky .
! .. i voted for you johnny !
senator flake , how can you show up and dedicate a room to a shooting victim today , but you don &apos;t even want an up or down vote on background checks ?
if obamas mouth is moving he &apos;s lying ! !
he just kept saying that our rep wants the aca repealed .
bravooooo ... marco ! !
why doesn &apos;t the house put together an emergency border protection act ?
the truly sad part is that mccain is one of the more reasonable members of the fascist-lite party .
you rock mia love
to have to teach our children that some of the biggest criminals are in our government for over 40 years ~ truth &amp; fact ! !
the u.s. had no enemies in the middle east before israel was violently imposed upon palestine in 1948. israel is not our 51st state and nowhere in the u.s. constitution does it require american taxpayers to continuously give israel foreign aid and an endless supply of free , american-made , murder weapons .
she has no experience just money .
everyone will pay their fair share ... even the illegals .
him and mccain can go play in traffic together .
exactly right ... the constitution was written for many reasons , a &quot; limited &quot; government being one of them .
they want to save money then the congress and the house should give up their pay checks , because they sure aren &apos;t doing the job we are paying them for !
that is the headline that the obama wanted to see .
what does attacking religious freedom have to do with fiscal responsibility .
happy thanks giving to you trey
quit calling yourself a conservative or change your position on the start treaty .
we the people flat out refuse to give that communist obama any more taxpayer dollars to waste .
i think congress should stick with it .
natalie blake .... if you &apos;re not hearing real conservatives speaking out against frivolous government spending , your not paying attention !
this is not our war so save our people and put mccain and his family in syria .
how long is it going to take all the american people to wake up ?
mccain never says anything stupid !
you should be in your home state , lindsey .
take down holder , biden , kerry , and rice .
he doesn &apos;t want the us to become a socialist nation where a dictator makes all the decisions for you and you have no rights .
actually i think most conservatives want the house to stick to their guns--no pun intended .
congreess did nothing now we have treasonous acts weekly .
http : / / wh.gov / 3d7x this petition is to repeal congressional healthcare coverage .
devos is not one of them .
tom , it took you this long to realize this ?
he is doing what you should have been doing .
swim in your own sewage , mr. ryan .
mr. mccain can you explain why your name is on this list ?
i &apos;ve seen graham express concern over how it is being handled , alongside mccain .
see how they &quot; put politics aside &quot; while they expect conservatives to roll over and give in to their radical utopian ideas .
i &apos;ve always been a fan of yours mr ryan until you started stutter stepping over trump .
obama will be long gone and someone else will be left holding the bag !
this was an excuse to release prisoners to make closing gitmo easier .
the fact that his approval rating is down to 37 % does not phase him - he has convinced himself that everybody loves him ! !
i will bet - reid won &apos;t / can &apos;t get it done - spineless ! !
too bad you didn &apos;t understand this years ago , so ashamed of the republican party .
i an wacko bird !
we dont need the government taking more of our money so they can insure illegal aliens
continue to follow that course , tim .
obama has not obeyed the law since hes been in office and congress turns their heads ...... you &apos;re in office do sonething about it ,
can you do something immediately about our taxes going to fund harvesting of baby parts by planned parenthood ?
happy thanksgiving and may god bless you and yours , mr trey gowdy .
you are a f. disgrace to ga
however , it looks like the only people talking about cuts in defense are obama and gates , and the tea party people are letting their elected officials get away with it .
human rights aren &apos;t yours to take , the constitution you swore to uphold recognizes them it doesn &apos;t grant anything nor can it take them .
he should be fired for treason .
wow , nothing like a last minute decision mr speaker .
obama does not want a budget !
can he be impeached without biden becoming president ?
north carolina has no use for you except maybe as a lawn mower salesman .
he would be foolish to blindly support some rhino republican like jeb bush or making statement saying he would while he is the leader in the polls .
* yawn * please stop talking crapo .
i wish georgia had a republican senator who would actually stand up for all of our best interests .
imho the irs &quot; scandal &quot; is one they pulled out of the hat to get benghazi off the media news cycle .
this is the reason why so many conservatives in my generation could not vote for john mccain in 2008 , because the man is war hungry .
i hope and pray that god in his wisdom helps all of you congressmen to see that the american people will act if congress does not .
hey senator rubio , don &apos;t believe the lies of cnn ! !
he &apos;s so full of hypocracy he can &apos;t see the forest for the trees .
no change in my choice .
with the evidence now showing that isis is a huge part of the syrian &quot; refugees &quot; and obama is wanting them to come here .
i &apos;d like to fire obama , reid , and pelosi just to start with ..... that &apos;s usually what happens to your job when your not doing what hired by the tax payer to do .
i have watched and read your comments via various print and television media and i see that you have absolutely no intention of placing the best interests of the usa or those of lower and middle-class south carolinians above those of the republican party and contributing superpacs .
option b -definitely !
we are 50th in the nation ( just to be clear , being number one is the best , and there are only 50 states in the union ) , and that is due to the charm , dedication , and care oklahoma legislators and our governor have given the education system .
mr. henry jackson , perhaps you didn &apos;t watch the hearing or see video of the congressman &apos;s questioning of sec .
please do not vote to raise the debt ceiling until drastic spending cuts are made .
mr. rubio , our country wishes you and happy easter and hope god shows the way to leading our country as vp
the people of united states needs to stop him
his blood is on the hands of eric holder , but holder will never admit his guilt , nor clinton or obama or anyone else .
senator enzi , i am adamantly opposed to us military intervention in a syrian civil war .
by a 2 / 3 vote , is congress not able to override a veto ?
do not change your message rand .
spare yourself and go ahead and move to cuba to start early .
pray to change leadership in both the house and senate and pray that all will listen to god and do what is right for america .
please support hr2366 , a carve out for safe , regulated , job producing , revenue generating online poker ( a game fo skill ! ! ! )
he is a fiscal conservative and constitutionalist ! !
if we want change , stop voting them back in .
( i was scared to write how i really felt about all this because as a conservative i feel the government may try to make my life as miserable as possible , but i feel there are times in life when you just can &apos;t stay quite anymore , regardless of the backlash ! )
it is sick as is the pathetic of obama
why does the gop allow these things to happen with no repercussions ?
donald trump is right look how mccain votes and his stance on issues mccain is a thoroughly corrupt politician that helped obama get elected
stop sending our people home with &quot; fix pills &quot; and take care of them !
vote for gohmert a true conservative .
do what is right by the constitution .
yes , demote boehner .
his veto isn &apos;t the final word .
how did obamacare ever get to be law ?
it asks about mitch mcconnell and his job performance .
people for one thing , obama care is a tax .
not all , likely not even a sizable portion , of your constituents are rabidly against obamacare .
the morris family is thankful for our lord and savior jesus christ , our family , home , good health and the list goes on !
the gop did nothing to deserve his being willing to compromise this time around .
obama breaks the constitution and he &apos;s a free man ,
you need to remember who you &quot; work &quot; for , the people of tennessee .
so now my son will have to go back to paying 400 for insulin to keep him alive , while now he pays his government offered insurance and now pays 15 a bottle .
rand paul won that debate not even close
and yes ... if they do not do what we sent them to washinton to do ... then cut the salaries .
if only all congressmen would vote no until they have had a chance to read thier homework ! !
good point tom thanks !
because harry reid is a stupid ads !
wait , mr. mcclintock .
trey gowdy , are you one of the congress members voting on this iran deal ?
yes , obama can &apos;t take all the credit !
may god bless you &amp; your efforts to protect our nation !
it appears mccain is a democrat in a republicand suit .
if they send our economy into a tailspin and derail our credit they should all be impeached .
impeach obama and put in place better oversight of the nsa !
and btw who in their right minds would name their male child lindsey .
it &apos;s too late , we are just beginning to find out how much that our nation has been sold out by this administration .
i don &apos;t want a president who runs off at the mouth , like biden , without all pertinent information .
your out sir .
he is a lier and has no intention of reducing the debt just raising it and getting more people dependant on government for their survival
the senate acts like this strategy is something new , it &apos;s not , they use it frequently to spend more money , like tagging on a 100 million for a pet project to a military budget bill then blame the republicans when they try to be a but more fiscally responsible .
it &apos;s time for the flag to be put in the museum .
so while these guys are plotting against trump , apple ceo cook was meeting with senator tom cotton and billionaires are also there discussing agenda items with government insiders ... you have to wonder .
i won &apos;t do it again sir !
i think it is time to impeach him ... he is out of control and the whole world sees it , but the media wont report it and too many people are afraid to stand up .
use your constitutional authority to do something about .
you , mr graham , would be kicking cans if i had my way .
i can respect the cuban exiles having angst over this , but that is no reason the nation should continue it .
i for one like many others would like to see obama get rid of his overpaid czars to start , cut his own pay and v. pres .
what is the xkeyscore program tom .
cut spending , good move , i &apos;m with you on that one .
act like a republican and stop something that will hurt this wonderful country
weird how mr. paul doesn &apos;t seem to understand we are not really in debt if we have no intention of paying it back .
democrats own obamacare .
fidel obama !
go back to kentucky and back under the rock you crawled from .
we are depending on you johnny .
eliminate agencies that are no longer necessary and reduce spending there .
obozo is doing an executive order that is illegal and exceeds his executive poweres .
as the norm you don &apos;t listen to the voters but give into the influence of the media
pray for this country because it &apos;s all going to hell under obama and unfortunately our congress is not doing enough to bring obama down .
he has bent over backwards to give the treasonous obama what he wants instead the needs of the american people !
texas gets one willing to stand alone and endure to do the right thing to represent his 26 million bosses .
i &apos;m with you all the way , mia !
the problem , justin amash , is when the bill comes back to the house from the senate without the defund language ... boehner hasn &apos;t sided with conservatives .
at least president obama has attempted to bring some relief to the people of cuba .
agree.thought of mr gowdy immediately !
love ya rand ! ! !
what a great response speech by senator marco rubio !
there is a video of her touting socialist and communist countries .
glad efforts to defund pp have failed .
i wish i was up there so i could meet ms. blackburn .. she votes almost exactly like i would on almost everything ... and after i went back and looked at the things she didn &apos;t vote the same way i would ... she was right i was wrong
mo &apos;s a hard conservative and he won &apos;t change anytime soon .
he has done nothing that he said he would do .
she is completely unqualified for the position having no experience within a classroom or any understanding of the public school system .
did you have something to do with the benghazi attack ?
it makes no sense for a politician to &quot; fight &quot; against the epa .
obama broke the law by not going through the senate to get a treaty passed , that is why i am against it .
mia , step out every opportunity you get to let young people , especially women know that they will benefit by having a republican president , .thanks ! !
if you are not part of the solution , you are part of the problem ,
and a $ 1 trillion tax cut over ten years ? ? ?
voting no now is like closing the barn door after the horse ran off because the senate now has enough votes to pass it , even without chambliss and isakson voting yes .
waiting for someone &quot; up there &quot; to get the muslims out of our country ............. benghazi murders ................ seal team 6 murders ................... excuse me ................... are y &apos;all paying attention ? ? ?
vote for what the people want and that is no on devos .
i believe we should go back to the way it was before we got the gastopo , i mean home land security
he needs to go back to kenya , serve his country over there , we do not want him here .
i would like to know the number of wyoming people you heard from who supported the nomination of betsy devos .
or , the irs and avoid a shut-down .
may god bless you , your families &amp; the usa !
god bless america and god bless you trey for your work in washington !
expect an early ( er ) retirement sir .
but i strongly believe our leadership and our security cannot depend on our military alone .
send over bills piece mill and force harry to continue to vote to shut the government down !
lol , tom , you really are out there , must have been watching the same things that denver shooter was .
our constitution is getting ripped .
we won &apos;t have anything left of our country but we &apos;ll be darn sure no one gets an abortion with borrowed money from china .
congress has yet to do one thing to stop the insanity in washington .
i am glad to see young strong women , embracing our conservative values .
when it comes to voting people out and senators being there to long let &apos;s start with mitch mcconnell .
i love congressman yoho but i was scared .
thanks trey for being a right voice !
maybe he &apos;ll do us all a favor and abolish the irs , create a fair flat tax and help the middle class .
obama is an idiot anyway , he thinks giving out more food stamps creates revenues .
enough with the talk talk talk .
why are y &apos;all not screaming out about this tyranny ?
awesome , praise god .
we have bribed them to the point where they now have more f16s than israel .
i bet wrong paul will continue obama &apos;s apology tour .
god bless you ....
president lyndon b johnson .
watergate was only about political acts , the irs affects all people .
he &apos;s gone gone gone !
gowdy is a beast .
i can &apos;t believe y &apos;all have let the doj get away with everything all these years !
well no one impeached the fool who was in before obama so shut the hell up !
representative amash has done a lot of good things , but as i expected his libertarian philosophy directs him to release this mushy view of marriage .
there were 29 traitors .
i wouldn &apos;t vote with this rino period ... he speaks with &quot; forked tongue &quot; 99 % of the time .... what happened to him ....
as i said in another post , we elected you to represent texas ... much like ted cruz is doing in the senate .
as a resident of joliet and a longtime ron paul supporter i will probably end up voting for adam , and cedra crenshaw , even though they have avoided many questions , and i am guessing that is the strategy .
prayers ~
i think johnny ritchies mom is also his aunt
the state if texas , and the u.s. deserve better than this guy , get rid of him as soon as humanly possible , vote , or impeach for lack of competence .
awesome tom , awesome .
just a reminder : you , rubio , signed a &apos; pledge &apos; to support the party &apos;s candidate ............................. remember ? ? ?
i have both white and black friends still in south africa .
keep it up paul , dont quick , we need to know the truth
flat tax is what we should have .
they were targeting conservatives and christians so when the are ready to use the prison box cars ( look it up ) they know who to round up .
real good at talk , no bite !
good luck with that sir ...
thanks for sharing senator lankford .
you are the voice &quot; we the people &quot; sent to dc to speak for us .
the washington establishment is going to sell you -- and every tea party american -- out in this election &quot; .
15 : 3 the eyes of the lord are in every place , be-holding the evil and the good .
oh and obama needs to get the hell out of office because all he knows how to do is spend spend spend ! ! !
what we would like to hear from you is that impeachment process is started or him charged with treason .
merry christmas and god bless you and your family , senator paul !
we desperately need politicians that will protect the constitution .
vernon weathers obama and kerry both keep referring to it as a crisis !
obama is absurd .
get real , graham !
he has no intent on reaching fiscal cliff negotiations now - his intent is take the country there .
tim , will you be joining your 13 senate colleagues to filibuster ?
my fav , too , tim !
the presidents family , congress , federal judges , this list gets on .
before the body is cold , mitch has treasonous obstruction on the mind .
mr. mccain i have no use for you .
we are no longer a free people with the ability to fight back against an oppressive government but there are still a few of us patriots left who believe in the constitution .
i say shut it completely down and keep it that way until our government is overhauled .
mr. burr , you will not have my vote .
there has to be a line drawn somewhere to all the spending and taxes.we the people can &apos;t handle much more of the burden the government is putting on us .
i &apos;m happy that we republicans got the house and senate but i &apos;d be so much more happier if trey gowdy ran as the republican nomination .
three branches of government determines law !
is like putting the fox in the hen house .
please don &apos;t repeal the pre-existing conditions clause .
this is the only item i feel should have no tax limit on earnings .
congress is just as guilty as obama in purposely destroying our country !
we need more people in government like you and your father .
he has run circles around the gop and kept them scared and silent , if not complacent , all while destroying america .
and you and yours as well god bless you all ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
we are the third party .
did you know the supreme court has ruled that it is not legal for the irs to take taxes ?
i &apos;m just pissed at a lot of these condesending , arrogant liberals and felt like throwing it back at them .
don &apos;t blame it all on obama .
this should have been a 6-week cr to allow the next congress to weigh in before passing another massive spending bill .
pray for a fast and full recovery ...
so , mr. trey gowdy , you talk the big talk but so far i don &apos;t see any impeachment proceedings .
we must secure our borders .
or would their privilege as a cuban remain ?
i totally agree and i would take it one step father .
it is an in your face move , where the foul commie obama shows us all that the republic is over .
&quot; i begged the president at least to pull them back and put them back on their transports as a more defensible position . &quot;
as used in this subsection , the term &quot; office &quot; does not include the office held by any person as a retired officer of the armed forces of the united states constitution
dont like it at all , before we know it they will have icbm &quot; s and it will be fighting here on our soil .
how many town hall meetings do you speak at ?
you are a patriot for voting no
i &apos;m tired of all talk and no action .
pleeeeeaaaase , we can &apos;t be bothered with rule of law and principles .
this is what happens when you plan to unilaterally grant amnesty to millions of illegals .
i am in your district and also approve obamacare .
praying for you tim scott i lived in that area for awhile .
a flat percentage tax would make much more sense .
6 ) kill obamacare .
he can be impeached .
if i read this below right it says the permanent placement permanent meaning cannot bemoved
don &apos;t always agree with poliquin but not going to vote for an out of stater that wants to change maine to where they came from .
allowing the nation to fall into ruin because they are afraid to take action to jail those committing contempt of congress , and too afraid to impeach .
i hope you realize that what you did for your father was wrong and you apologize for destroying our country by not sticking with him till the end .
for once vern i hear you are on our side .
don &apos;t repeal unless you have an alternative .
on rand baby you &apos;re still a dick
i think tom , the federal government should get out of my life and obama &apos;s hands out of my pocket .
the house of representatives appropriated all monies to run the government except president obama &apos;s pet health care project .
you guys allowed yourselves to be railroaded by this two bit newby cruz .
guess he &apos;ll be blaming them publicly when everyone figures out what it &apos;s going to cost them for this obamacare .
do not be afraid or discouraged , for the lord your god is with you wherever you go . &quot;
just keep talking , ted .
praying you get in !
every dollar that leaves only to return later is 70 % wasted along the way .
trey - from a major supporter of your great efforts ..... i have a question .
no parents were called with condolences after their children were murdered in benghazi yet obama called jason collins to congratulate him for coming out of the closet .
tell me , senator , can georgians now withhold their state or federal taxes , since we have taxation without representation ?
it is a very small way to restrict the power the fed govt has .
we are calling it the ted yoho bill in honor of it &apos;s first intendee .
conservatives have nobody to vote for .
the people voted for him , not the party elite .
the only red tape that john wants to cut is the epa and osha .
james , you got ours when we voted on sat .
too bad we weren &apos;t prepared for the destruction brought about by obama and his cronies .
cause you sen paul aren &apos;t interested , so come vote we conservative republicans wont be interested to vote for you !
jerry keep up the good work and fight the good fight .
where does boehner wish to go ?
they can travel anywhere after they get here or maybe bring down some planes and crash them into buildings .
please , before it is too late .
why would the president fire him ?
the real issue .... the federal government has zero constitutional authority over firearms to start with .
billy smith , everybody needs to be very afraid of obama and his henchmen .
we cannot take anymore tax increases .
legal , no !
i &apos;m proud of my flag and will always cherish it .
i repeat obamacare was never and will never be about healthcare .
hogwash ted , our allies do rely on us ....... most of them couldn &apos;t exist without us and our economy .
new people elected this year and none of you have done anything to stop obama .
presidential veto power is outlined quite clearly in article 1 , section 7 of the u.s. constitution .
you rino sell outs !
respect to senators scott , rubio and mccain , and the national review , for opposing both trump and the progressive media - who both seem intent on creating or bungling their way in to a civil war .
abolish all tax deductions , and layoff all irs employees that administer them .
amen , mr. gowdy , amen !
we need the fair tax and abolish income tax to end this artifice , not more loophole plugging .
please senator mccain , do not abandon us or this country .
stand for liberty and the constitution .
indefinite detention is illegal and unconstitutional .
obama only talk about human right and freedom of choice around the world except u.s. and , those countries presidents dictator except him .
vote boehner out of the speaker &apos;s chair .
obedience to god and our constitution are the only things which will save america !
frankly mr. gowdy i have lost faith in you .
first it was north v south now its americans v the federal govt .
not at the same time as the jersey shoreee ... come on johnny
morgan , on may 9 at 8am et , senator barrasso was on cnn with soledad o &apos;brien to discuss joe biden &apos;s remarks regarding the us being the problem with iran .
this is what happens when rinos get into office .
bruce you have my vote ..
if this were obama the naacp would be yelling from the roof tops !
kymberly , impeaching obama would do absolutely no good ... even though articles of impeachment could be passed in the house of representatives , he would be tried in the senate where harry reid and his liberal democrat majority are in charge .... how do you think that trial would turn out ?
no , its not &quot; the way the wind blows &quot; we cannot afford another iran ! ! !
no real american will willingly bow to this latter-day king george !
well maybe you should &apos;ve jumped ship on him you assbag , rino paul ryan !
god bless this nation for having someone like you .
only watch fox news channel .
no better than the president and his cronies running our country into the ground !
i am for immigration reform ; our senators need to think long and hard before they continue to follow the ultra conservative &quot; line &quot; .
i think the draft may explain to these folks why we feel so strong about our flag and anthem
at a press conference on wednesday held in downtown louisville , kentucky , paul announced that he was returning $ 600,000 to the u.s. treasury .
congrats and best of luck this fall mia .
richard , we usually approve of things justified by our constitution .
i will accept obamacare if noone is exempt .
sen. tim scott , are you related to this family ?
that &apos;s why our administration has moved aggressively to secure our borders more by hiring a record number of new border guards , by deporting twice as many criminal aliens as ever before , by cracking down on illegal hiring , by barring welfare benefits to illegal aliens .
russia , china , &amp; vietnam still hates america .
praying for you and this issue .. god has a plan ..
jeb bush should have been our choice !
of course , he is a liar and have been caught in several lies .
9 / 11 first responders are not and never will be a political bargaining chip to the american public , what makes you special ?
the republican party is tanking .
gimme a call mike , you have my number .
completely granted that the acts of suspect # 2 are heinous and horrifying , but if senator graham can classify one us citizen as an enemy combatant , he can classify any us citizen as such .
obama and bush are right http : / / www.cnn.com / video / data / 2.0 / video / politics / 2014 / 11 / 21 / obama-sounds-exactly-like-bush-on-immigration.cnn.html &#91; &#91; share &#93; &#93;
abolish the epa , usda , dept of education , energy , the irs , the fed , and that &apos;s just for starters .
stay home and worry more about radical christian terrorists
we love you roy !
senator mccain , i respectfully ask that you vote no on the nomination of betsy devos .
sad to say , mr. farenthold , you were not among them .
what is needed is impeachment of all corrupt govt offices and start over starting with adolf obama and his cronies
our freedom is a choice .
articles of impeachment are overdue .
wacko bird , hah , that sounds like a cartoon character .
stop blaming obama !
praying for the family and all affected at that school , more so now that this dear little boy has passed away .
mia , you are a new hope for american patriotism ! !
that right get rid of all of them clean house
but our entire tax code needs a complete overhaul .
keep at them sen thune .
what a farce , once again you put the party before the people .
you all are a bunch of worthless rinos that have sold out we the people .
our framers worked hard on our constitution , don &apos;t let anyone mess with it , or , anarchy will prevail in this land of ours .
yeah where was he all through this thing now he wants to ride his coattails
did you receive as many calls from people asking you to vote for mr. boehner , because if that is not the case , it is very telling .
let them spend there money for freedom .
impeach obama close the borders andd nuke the middle east ?
it may be the law robin but why are the members of congress and the administration getting special treatment in not having to have obamacare and we have it jammed down our throat ?
john mccain we need you to resist !
power has corrupted obama
the establishment lost
i stand with you , rand paul !
i am speaking up because it is time form the republican party to stand up to their party members that are way on the fringe and to remove them from the party .
debt and border security should be &quot; your priority &quot; but you &apos;ve got your 30 pieces of silver , enjoy it while you can !
the president has been the one backing up all his talk .
it is proven that a third party ruins it for the republicans , remember gwb sr ?
oh god , but don &apos;t let americans travel to cuba to expose them to our values .
a little late paul .
and as long as we are talking about majority ... we are a christian nation and it &apos;s high time our government stood in acknowledgement of that fact with pride instead of fear !
be used by god !
no , none , nada , zilch authority !
don &apos;t worry it will be ok ... your constituents will vote for you again ... but not if you let the government fail .
cut cap and balance or the mack penny plan are the only plans that do anything worthwhile .
pope should stay out of politics &gt; &gt; now open to be used as a puppet from the obama administration as to the pope agrees with my communist agenda
i only pray you continue to follow this path .
good job , marco rubio .
greg hit nail on the head , they are basically lazy assholes , that never had to work at finding a solution for anything , except putting a tax on it or shutting it down .
rid the senate of the obstructions democrats , such as , harry reid who tables anything that is passed through the house .
something should have been done long ago about this law-breaking control freak .
i don &apos;t even want to get started on benghazi where this president and his administration turned their backs on 4 americans plus all those that were wounded and no one has been held accountable for these heroes deaths .
that is a darn lie and our governments ignorance or most of them being cowards who refuse to stand up , push back and speak up against this evil and oppressive so called religion to me borders on treason to the american people .
republicans better not apologize to a pack of liars ... stand up and continue to do so until they can no longer avoid the truth
with jeb out .
im gonna wait for a comment on these comments from scott .
bruce collects on his bet with an indiana congressman .
he only values people who will give him something he wants - like money or praise - and putin can do that .
in recent years , republicans have not filibustered legislation , despite reid &apos;s current crusade .
the promise of not being dropped or coverage for pre-existing conditions is great but the health care tax is not .
why should he worry about congress ?
oh , while it is playing out , why don &apos;t y &apos;all do yer jobs and raise the debt ceiling .
all they are doing is fueling a fire around our country that is already out of control !
you did fine in the debate mr. rubio .
stand with rand paul and ron paul ... ket me know how i can help ! !
obamacare is just crap .
and just think , mia , you didn &apos;t support trump .... that means you didn &apos;t care enough to keep clinton from winning ... thank god , he did win
if our government parties were to govern by basics , balance budget , let companies fail , look out for the people , and make the tax code a fixed tax for all , we would be a better county .
you sir ... are a complete moron ... and to think i voted for you ... im actually ashamed of myself ... you are just a spineless puppet
if you wanted boehner to be speaker , you didn &apos;t need to vote for him .
we need to get nobama out of office ... he is useless god is in control
g steven bales once again a gop conservative thinks they know it all .
i know that on the next election i will not be voting for anyone that doesnt vote against obamacare .
dr. ron paul is a republican member of congress from texas .
one last comment ... all of you non-thinkers that are attacking the president are the ones that are weakening america and the presidency .. think of how the rest of the world sees you .
nobody changed anything , executive branch continues its lawlessness without molestation .
i am from tennessee .
spending your self out of debt is as stupid as drinking your self sober .
until obama is gone it won &apos;t happen .
continued blessings on you sir ... you are a true patriot ...
i saw president obama &apos;s speech when he said we could keep our current policy !
please reconsider this vote in the full senate ... &quot; if she does ... &quot; is not good enough for wyoming .
congress should move to impeach now !
on benghazi , if there was nothing to hide why is the wh making emails &quot; classified &quot; ?
answer : the enemy within has taken over the white house !
&quot; the conservative movement doesn &apos;t realize we only need 16 house votes to block boehner from becoming speaker , &quot; ryun said .
no need to apologize you said exactly what you meant and felt .
1. i have lied to the american people countless times 2. i have set in motion things that will destroy america and its time honored values , if they are allowed to continue .
and to continuing to embarrass the american people even after we have given the republican party in the house at least to change is only going to continue to embarrass us .
keep it up mia : ) !
your support of betsy devos only proves that georgia students are not a priority for you mr. perdue .
drop the egos and get behind the nominee or a lot of people will be leaving the republican party .
i heard that you won &apos;t be seeking another term after this one .
the people of utah deserve a representative that can get things done .
whoever said that obama jun-il is a horrble president , i 5000 % agree with you
or if they recess than he can do it better not mr blunt
impeaching obama would be nice .
guiliani flipped on all of you , ryan and pence want the dems to impeach and make us take the blame .
true sir !
just because a few idiots use the flag for their own political gain .
christie has become a big disappoint , maybe he does owe o who knows ?
lee zeldin judy pepenella merrill gaines-zeldin schwartz
your 3rd term is in the balance if the manchin-toomey proposal passes even if you vote against it as you have promised you would .
you have supporter &apos;s in texas but make sure you stay sharp .
protect our families and get rid of this crazy bathroom mess .
oklahoma is proud of you !
@ johnny - i pray not !
http : / / www.cnsnews.com / news / article / 11-republican-senators-permit-former-pla good job senator thune , way to be pro life ...
paul ryan is sale out
tell me , sir , are the senate and the house receiving paychecks while this happens ?
wow just look at all these paid ellis supporters posting all the false narrative talking points of their progressive rino masters ....... some real new deal &quot; conservative &quot; thinking on display tonight .
rand paul is wrong - it &apos;s not isolationism - it &apos;s standing up for the rights &amp; dignity of cubans who want the freedoms that we take for granted in the usa .
mia , not sure who it is your learning from in congress , but maybe you should think about real facts .
he &apos;s no hero he is a zero ! ! !
keep it going and i pray god &apos;s blessings on you and your committee .
mia i will go with you he does not want usa to be great
praying for the family , friends , and community of townville , south carolina !
bo says a lot of absurd things
hands off syria usa support isis
we don &apos;t have a tax problem , folks ..... we have a horrific spending problem .
merry christmas , praying for our nation today and always !
r. burr endorsing b .
congress is full of your type that have no ideas and no business being there .
before you start throwing rocks , some of you need to read what the tea party was about , and the reason that our founders warned us about what scott and others are fighting for .
praying for god to intervene .
enough taxes !
you have dishonored you oath of office you have lost my vote .
boehner is such a tool .
senator mccain , we are counting on you to keep some sanity in the senate !
start supporting rand paul to uphold our constitution .
no , obama &apos;s ultimate aim in everything he does is the destruction of this republic and of capitalism so that a marxist , despotic state can take it &apos;s place .
we the people built this government and we the people will replace it !
his true colors have always been known .... thank god we only have 302 days until he is out of office .
why should i believe anything that comes out of obamas mouth ?
we want the constitution back in our political system .
we love trent franks and everything he represents ... oh yeah , that would be my district in arizona !
trump / cruz 2016 , two real conservatives who will work for all americans !
most of our aid seems undeserved .
ms. devos has absolutely no qualifications for this position and has shown she has no idea how to move our educational system forward .
let us see if this can be his last term in office , up hill battle in devos country but have to try .
i would like to see you replace boehner .
during that time the main accomplishments have been blame , debt , war and partisanship .
flat tax / fair tax .. no deductions for anything for anything and anyone ..
the majority has spoken volumes ben .
go get em dave .
also u do know that there are no direct flights to the usa .
no votes , no congress involvement , nothing .
but cruz cannot win and rubio i can never vote for .
we need to try him for treason on top of it .
now to vote for the denial of funding for obama care .
happy thanksgiving to you and your family mr gowdy !
you still have to do something about the immigration laws ...... just bitching wont fix anything
donate your profile pic to the gadsden flag today and tomorrow !
congressman yoho - stop spreading lies .
rand , i seem to remember when the democrats and president said exactly that to mock conservatives : &quot; retreat to our borders and perhaps build a moat &quot; and you reject isolationism ?
i am so very proud of you trey and proud to have graduated with you and to say so .
i want to know why none of you guys have attempted to impeach obama he &apos;s done enough damage already ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
stand for the american people and vote no on cloture toward defunding obamacare ... then repeal it .
this the same logic that says &quot; raising the debt ceiling doesn &apos;t increase our debt ! &quot;
wacko bird is believed to be an endangered species , but there are millions of us out here , ready to remove the dodo from office ....
you will be voted out by all the christians in south carolina .
let the job destruction be shown for what it is : failed policy of obama socialists .
oops there it is sen. portman you are going to work with both parties to provide jobs !
mr. lankford i hope and pray that you will seek gods will in this matter .
tom is 1000 times the man you will ever be .
take a fair and balanced approach !
it appears congress is afraid of him .
if you read the weather underground manifesto and other socialist works you will be able to see the trends .
we are a lot like the cuban people we feel helpless but we are not .
obamacare has already brought costs down and is saving the country billions , as well as providing coverage for 16 million more americans who couldn &apos;t get or couldn &apos;t afford coverage before passage of the law .
happy thanksgiving to you and your family trey gowdy
don &apos;t forget the best b i n g o ! ! ! ! !
mr. gowdy , you are such a positive influence on our nation .
stop your hypocritical prayers and do something about it .
ship it rand .
what a waste of your time and our tax dollars .
sorry lindsey but megyn targeted donald .
hey tom we need a leader now not later in dc .
i like rand too .
rand is like a breath of fresh air !
@ ben : i only wish i could put up a sign !
i &apos;d rather be a wacko bird , than a communist ! !
he opposes spending increases of the federal government .
hello tom
mr. graham , you &apos;re a traitor and disgrace to your party .
super , mia !
part of immigration laws and getting legal citizenship should be learning and reading the english language no matter where you are from originally as i said this is the united states of america .
rand has it right as far as the embargos not working , but he seems to follow in his father &apos;s footsteps as far as not understanding the facts here .
he &apos;s going to wreck the country good before he leaves office .
you , sir , have been bought and paid for .
senator burr , you sir , have no honor .
the real question is , mr. paul , are you becoming an obama-bot ?
apparently he is a new person , , am sure senator tim scott will eventually be a famous person .
please , do your job and vote in favor of the betterment of your constituents , which does not include confirming betsy devos .
so get the government out of our schools and let the real educators get back to doing what the government can &apos;t do .
first you will have to get rid of the islamic extremist who doubles as our president
stand firm on spedning cuts and no more taxes !
i thought his favorite republican was mccain and he is on the emperor &apos;s side on this issue ?
don ; t you dare be one of those who holds the debt ceiling hostage .
&quot; dear mr. mitch &quot; , &quot; good morning , sir .
with all due respect sir , you got this one wrong .
i keep praying that trey gowdy uncovers the truth !
mccain you shoulda won !
i hope he gets rid of you and lying ted first thing .
you are the man sir
you do not run the country any more than obama .
execute obama by military firing squad charged with high treason
and they aren &apos;t benghazi , irs , f &amp; f , ap &amp; fox , illegal wiretapping , and any of the other scandals this white house is guilty of !
when will someone stop the executive order king who is set on destroying our country and making us vulnerable to being attacked ?
why weren &apos;t the people of sc asked what they think ? ?
i interpreted it as obama is not saying his timetable is set in stone , it is subject to change , but it is time to place one so we can see an end in sight .
great stand for us vote no !
obama wants loyalty , he doesn &apos;t care about competency .
is the american government trying to destroy our country .
mccain is still angry he lost to a nobody ...
he is taking all away from america and what we stand for .
we need a trey gowdy over senate
can &apos;t vote for you this time mitch .
yes , marco did a great job but was nervous , but who wouldn &apos;t be with obama &apos;s kill list going around !
thomas jefferson and ronald reagan
i would like to see a strong godly man elected .
tim you are , stupid .
how incredibly inappropriate and unprofessional your response has been to thousands of voters in tn .
mike coffman , seems like whenever you open your mouth something stupid comes out .
just get back on the grind , marco .
erik , you are not the page admin .
please help me understand we have a balanced budget law .
we should support egypt &apos;s army in their fight against the muslim brotherhood
they only give obama and rieds side.g.o.p.
please stand with ted cruz and america .... vote no on cloture !
no fascists republican has rights to life liberty property safety or privacy .
your vote on this matter is disappointing .
so why do you refuse to impeach him !
can &apos;t wait to move to south carolina so you will be my senator !
kill the bill - now secure the borders - now deport all illegals when caught enforce all current laws !
sorry rand ... agree with you on almost everything , but not this .
i oppose un trade treaty i also oppose the democrats on c-span bashing the republican and tea partyare they doing because obamacare is a mess and it will never be fix never
congressman gowdy would be so perfect for that role ... brilliant and a man of integrity .
i can &apos;t wait for us to vote you and the gop out of power y &apos;all better enjoy your sit now because y &apos;all done , and all them clowns running for president waste time , so tom just know y &apos;all done it &apos;s going down , y &apos;all want get to buy know sit this time ...
, and we cant get it removed !
my dream team : cruz / carson then ; secy of treasury or commerce- trump , defense-colin powell , education-bill o &apos;reilly , labor-mitt romney , health / human svcs-dr. oz , homeland security- lee zeldin , housing / urban development -bill gates , energy- sarah palin , interior-carly fiorina , veteran affairs-john mccain , agriculture-marc rubio , transportation- mike bloomberg .
obama can &apos;t be trusted with anything and you guys let him get away with it .
how is that &quot; sticky situation &quot; in washington dc going ?
according to the freedomworks website , the senator &apos;s votes on key issues earned him a conservative rating of 53 % in 2015 , meaning he votes with the democrats almost as often as with his own party &apos;s conservative platform !
impeach the bastered bring him up on charges if you want to convince america your with them .
so glad we have a strong christian man for our congressman .
i pray that you and other officials see the truth .
obama sucks and the republicans arent doing enough !
she has no experience in public schools , no experience with financial aid .
we have gone away from god &apos;s protection and are now suffering because of our own apathy and stupidity .
this bill will wipe out the republican party .
vote for paul &quot; s amendment on jets for egypt .
just imagine if we had not raised the debt ceiling .
oh---i forgot--mostly congress doesn &apos;t care what he does ..... can &apos;t we all just get along ? ?
you are really getting on my last freedom nerve ! ! ! ! ! !
kerry was a traitor in vietnam and he is a traitor now .
and i will hold you in my prayers now &amp; forevermore !
defund this monstrosity otherwise it defunds us !
iraq was based on lies , and the executive branch outright lied to the house and senate to get them to sign off on war .
obamacare sucks and so does obama ! !
we gave u a president is ready to get something done so let &apos;s get after it sir .
do all of us true conservatives a favor and quit the race .
since the bush tax cuts have made the deficit trillions of dollars worse , i would repeal them for all income over $ 250,000 a year , and offer tax incentives for corporations to bring jobs that they had previously outsourced back to america .
cut spending already .
we have finally grown debt to where there is not enough cash to pay the debt .
the mistake marco rubio made was wrestling with a pig !
i haven &apos;t see you do anything yet ... lots of talk and no do ...
i agree with the pro poker commenters .
mr. paul , obama is stating he has a pen and will bypass all of you and enact whatever he want ! !
i don &apos;t agree with how tom has voted on disaster relief , but right now i &apos;m more concerned that the people here in benton county are safe than tom &apos;s prior voting record .
i also can not vote for mr. rubio as in my humble opinion , amnesty goes against our constitution also .
please go to a protest and just listen , sure you will hear some crap from a few , but the one thing you will hear over and over , bo and all politicians are allowing this .
i oppose betsy devos .
i truly hope you &apos;ve included time for a town hall in spokane .
oh and start the impeachment process please .
the good ole boys network is outta here ! !
tom , get this point straight .
aipac gave a ton of money to the rnc thru proxies .
i believe some of the traitors on cloture said they favored this strategy .
if we all ran our family budgets the way washington is .... well we wete taught to not to spend more than we made .
nothing patriot about the patriot act !
this is illegal in any other business and no one in the state or federal government will stop it .
how will you implement a fix for this , tom ?
keep them in cuba
rand / cruz 2016. dr. ben carson hhs .
since the congress has failed to pass a budget ( aren &apos;t they required by law to do so annuallly ? )
if you leave it in , you can easily show the math that demonstrates absolutely no national and enterprise level businesses are &quot; in the black &quot; .
never be prouder of you , senator tim scott !
today i saw you on fox news marco , stand strong against that clown christ.he lies nobody can believe him anymore and what he stands for.my hope the people in florida are smart enough to reject charlie in november he is a phony man !
you don &apos;t have the authority to dig federal ditches .
the income tax system is a worthless joke , but the national sales tax or a flat tax is worthless and shouldn &apos;t be seriously considered .
why isn &apos;t the state of georgia paying for it ?
trey gowdy would be a good replacement .
a little constitutional education is needed .
he does like to get in front of the camaras on sundays and talk and talk and then do nothing .
flying it proudly in the north carolina sun !
anarchists are the ones who believe in no government .
mr rand stick to being a eye doctor maybe you need to see one , you have blinders on !
scott , do you think congress will actually do anything to stop this administration from allowing these potential terrorists from entering this country ?
grow a pair , find your spine and start putting together impeachment proceedings .
palmer is correct , obama set a deportation record , deployed the national guard along the border , and increased border patrol resources .
gowdy for supreme ! !
he just put his stamp of approval for raising taxes on almost all americans by voting for john boehner .
defund it and stand up for americans !
let our nation and its elected representatives not squander the opportunity to heal wounds , restore the rule of law , rebuild our military and our image around the world , make our country the manufacturing dynamo that it once was , and stop the outrageous , out-of-control spending and indebtedness .
no laura swan it is not a legal law .
in the 20 plus years you have been in congress , what have you done to eliminate high costs and help folks get medical insurance and healthcare ?
i heard on tv there is a plan to advertise the obamacare program on the media for the sum of $ 700 billions , that is such a waste of our tax dollars .
nice legacy for yourself , rino .
i really like ted poe !
so at the very least speaker boehner is massively disrespecting the executive branch .
you know a lot of people support you and will be praying for you , but you must know that your constituents want to see a big change in how things are done .
bo brown , the libertarian conference is simply too small in congress .
dont sell out tim .
the republican party let obama win ... twice .
yes sir i will knock himmm in the nuts.but that want make him wake uo either he is not that smar
no one admits to anything , but we see the results of nothing being done and obama signing us away ...
he needs impeached and put in jail for all the wrongs he has done against our constitution .
enjoy tonight rand , because tomorrow strarts the real campaign !
great job , sir .
james you all stay strong !
we need you in mead for a town hall meeting tonight , need to block a proposed landfill 1 1 / 2 miles south of town proper
but i voted for tim scott all three times on tuesday .
while some in s. c. consider you too liberal , they need to understand there is a difference in being liberal ... or compromising your principles .. and being realistic .
excellent speech sir !
the constitutional republic is of the utmost importance to me .
no raises , starting with biden , but big cuts in waste , but skip the military cuts
apparently , mallory is a liberal , which would explain her ignorance of and / or contempt for the constitution .
devos is a disgrace .
i believe that is the only constitutional option we have left .
sorry todd , the will of the american people is for immigration reform , ( oh ... about 70 % i believe is the number ) .
buck up against ozero johnny or start packing up that beltway voting record and your dc office .
stop giving away america
glad you support head start -- now how much did the gop cut from the program ?
vote no , we have no foreign policy that makes any common sence and even less leadership .
kentucky
if you see something that is clearly unconstitutional , then go after them and stop them , bring them up on treasonous charges , or something , just don &apos;t sit there doing anything .
obama is playing games , trying to inflict as much pain on the public as he can .
what is most hilarious is all the leftist trolls who would never vote for rand or any conservative in the first place getting involved in this discussion , as if they matter .
how can you support the veterans that fought for a country that used to have morals and principles and fought for a land that used to go by a constitution ?
every potus starting with reagan have granted amnesty .
the authorization of military force given by congress to the president gives him almost unlimited authority to invade countries , overthrow governments , and assassinate people under the pretext of a &quot; war on terror . &quot;
i am tiered of hearing rand and others like him , i want to see them do something about it !
and now traitor kerry signs the weapons treaty with the un ?
well many people are finally realizing the truth , probably not enough to stop rino &apos;s and communists from destroying the country though .
either that or we have massive welfare fraud occurring !
mr paul you better stop playing in this popularity contest and take care of business , that man better have an immigration billon his desk in january .
gaey demar writes : i live just a few miles from the most pro-gun city in the united states – kennesaw georgia – where gun ownership is mandatory .
lindsey graham loves using trey gowdy , and every other conservative name in the state in his ads during an election year but do you hear him standing by trey gowdy now ?
and this loser president went on another vacation .
i am still holding out that one day you will be the president this country needs
i have been a gowdy fan for a while now .
lee zeldin seriously ... congratulations ... g-d bless your family and the united states of america ... let &apos;s make america great again !
uh ...... heck no !
if i could , id fill the senate with more people like you and allen west , marco rubio , and the like .
obama does not believe we should even have a debt ceiling , the sky is the limit ! ! !
please start representing the state ( your job as a senator ) or take an early retirement and allow someone who has a constitutional conservative backbone to take over .
no libya was not a war
don &apos;t support amnesty .
stop talking and start doing something
muslim &apos;s are running egypt and obama is right behind them ... please stop this from happening !
bless you , amanda and all your family .
he would rather do business with the enemy than with our allies .
encourage mike to get it started .
south carolina and my home state of florida .... we have work to do .
merry christmas johnny .
its not revenue that creates debt ... its spending !
rand if you &apos;re wacko bird than what is bo ?
however , based on your worldview - &quot; team usa world &apos;s police &quot; - one could easily say .. &quot; the problem with imperialsim / facism / american conservatism is that eventually you run out of other people &apos;s sons and daughters and their money . &quot;
vote also against obama care
cut the crap , tom and get rid of obozo : http : / / www.wnd.com / 2013 / 11 / crowd-declares-2nd-revolution-outside-white-house /
• trump will work with legislators to repeal obamacare and replace it with a sensible plan that works for all americans .
jeff , more importantly , who would you like to see as speaker .
obama has already proven that .
it was declared a tax by the supreme idiots .
yes jerry nodeen and their getting that better health care for free !
pass along our best to rep. diane black from the 6th district in tennessee !
i think it is a shame that no one has the balls to impeach obama but they love to talk alot about it !
justin already said back when newt was the front runner that romney was a far better choice than obama .
he won &apos;t negotiate on obama care .
we want more independence from the federal government who already has a heavy thumb pushing down on ordinary law abiding citizens !
we already have them here !
my senators from the great state of tn have become power brokers and both have forgotten constitutes .
greg , when was he speaker ?
the question is : why won &apos;t congress stop bo ?
there is a big difference between 47 % of obama voters and half of the country !
we will stand firm in my house and do what is needed and we expect you to do the same ! !
mr. huizenga , you are republican and don &apos;t have a rainbow profile picture , so your opinion is automatically bigoted and wrong , regardless of the content .
although this conservative republican senator from nebraska does not hold many political beliefs that i have , we share in our collective concern for this country should trump be the republican nominee for president .
threats to our internet freedom : the obama administration already weakened our internet freedoms by relinquishing icann last year .
please stand with us and work to defund obamacare .
earkmarks may be how it has always been done but it is now unprincipled , undisciplined , selfish and spending more then we have to spend .
saw josh with sen. rubio on cavotu and he sure knows what he is talking about .
good to see sc finally leave the 1800 &apos;s
this is what we get when congress doesn &apos;t have the guts to do their job .
think what a defeat it will be for obama if the republicans put a clean cr on the floor and it passes .
rand is belting it out , saying it like is right now .
endorse cruz already .
i will not comply with unconstitutional executive orders !
give till it hurts and don &apos;t stop there !
it also gives the president the authority to train and arm moderate syrian rebels against isis .
we trust you senator mccain to do the right thing at the right time .
thom tillis --- if you &apos;re truly interested in the security of american citizens , you should explicitly tell fans in large , confined crowds ( stadiums , ballparks , motor speedways , etc . ) ...
it &apos;s not that i so much have a problem ( for now ) of increasing the ceiling for past spending practices , with no attaching strings , but more that i , as well as many others know that congress will give lip service to any meaningful spending cuts , that truly cut .
congress has the ability to stop this man and has done absolutely nothing ! !
well let &apos;s over ride the veto and create american jobs
marco gave a good counter to obama &apos;s wish list .
dumping isreal and picking up cuba and iran
marianne reilly , since you are so sure of the 2014 elections , i guess the rest of us will be wasting our time , but we &apos;ll be voting just the same .
freedom to make and take risks , with no gov .
now it &apos;s time to get rid of all the idiots in washington while they are at it .
i sincerely hope mr. yoho reads this , because past attempts to convey this message to other congressmen have fallen on deaf ears with no response .
we went from deficit loving republicans to mr. deficit himself , president obama .
what is congress doing about obama ?
i live in america land of the free meaning we should be free to say no to aca and no to illegals and no to welfare junkies ( fyi welfare junkies means those who are more than capable of working but choose to sit on their butts ) .
obummer is from a foreign country and does not remember gas lines .
congressman blunt , how do you specifically propose to &quot; secure the border , &quot; sir ?
america needs a president with a spine .
i pray that you impeach obama then put him in prison for treason and murder for the benghazi men along hillary .
join him or go down with the gop .
we should call for the immediate arrest of president barack hussein obama aka barry sortero aka barry obama aka barack hussein sortero for the crime of treason .
was by your office in north charleston today .
yes , and you did a good job on the irs interview too .
you work for us , not mrs. devos .
well said senator ryan
a federal government that ignores the principles of federalism is a threat to our economic and personal freedoms .
american conservatives have lost hope in both houses .
i agree with your comments rand paul !
impeachment should be on top of the list i agree ..
seems tom small has some issues ... merry christmas dr john ... keep up the good work
great decision made by utah
you are a disgrace to conservatives and you are selling out my grandchildren ! !
be serious rand .
20 hours ago · like · robert hayes patrick mulloy i tried to this but even highlighted it was to large for facebook over 8,000 enjoy because it does answer your questions .
maybe put together a grand jury let them decide if obama and his cronies go to jail or not !
i hope &amp; pray that is so .
one thing for sure , we know that obama lies .
mccain insults americans that went to hear mr trump and mr trump calls him out on it , maybe mccain owes those he insulted an apoligy
however , the first step to keeping things peaceful in my opinion is to keep the poverty brothers as far away from charleston as humanly posible .
is there a reason to send away our state guards and bring home the federal military ?
they screwed up the rulings on obamacare and the supposed straw sales of guns , but then they &apos;ll get one right here and there .
you sir are a traitor to the gop and in the future i will support anyone over you .
we - progressive , liberal , libertarian and conservative - need to all wake up to what is actually happening to our beloved country .
me neither.i agree with rand .
you are continuing to not listen to your constituents .
great choice mia .
i &apos;m glad i &apos;m not as dumb as the congressmen representing texas
thanks for stepping up tim scott !
i agree jerry you have my support
i can &apos;t imagine why anyone would would be interested in rand paul &apos;s opinion on anything !
yet another list your name appears on , lou .
vote to send tea party back to school and put steve king &amp; rand paul in detention !
when you put out a fire , what do you replace it with ? &quot;
you are a traitor and a disgrace to our country .
ask him , why should edward snowden should be charged , for treason , for telling the truth &amp; hillary clinton not be charged with anything , but has been caught in a huge lie ?
gowdy if you say yes it is good enough for me !
how about you tell america that you &apos;ll stand up and fight for our first responders instead of throwing them under the bus .
while some want to blame the gop , , , , it is not just the gop , they want to negotiate , the dems and bo refused today .... don &apos;t be fooled
one day people will learn until america can stomach the death toll and pain you must inflict on your enemy to obtain a end result there is no sense in going there .
randy is right !
thanks to you and rep. ron paul !
if they leave military without this discipline then our military has failed us , failed them .
you can also read the senate report on benghazi which is available on the internet .
mike as usual , you always lay out a very good speech , good thoughts and concerns for families , and the good of south dakota !
and i live in bluffton sc .
i have a feeling he &apos;s not going to get any.kind of good deal , the solicitor here in charleston is a hell cat ! !
including saying no on devos .
i like tom cotton !
your number 1 responsibilty in my opinion is to create a steady drumbeat of opposition to the obama regime and to encourage your colleagues to propose impeachment proceedings .
congratulations , diane
that is what obama does best tho ...
obama has a pen &amp; a phone &amp; thinks that he can do whatever he wants because up till now no one had made any attempt to stop him .
lying to congress and the american people
the bad part about impeachment is &quot; joe . &quot;
christie is a benedict arnold .
that is why most of the government wants to get rid of the constitution ! ! !
and obama likes to claim , falsely , that it is the republicans who are holding the american people hostage ..... truly , it is obama and reid who are holding us &quot; hostage &quot; .
good vote sir .
i wonder where they were when they continue to vote for everything that goes against god &apos;s word .
i honor you , and pray that others will stand up and do the same .
christie also said libertarian thought is dangerous ... imagine that ; those who think that government spying on we the people is unconstitutional and tyrannical are the ones who are dangerous .
thanks for standing up for us ted ... we need a 2 or 3 to 1 spending cuts for every dollar supposedly added by tax increases ... push hard ... our future and our childrens future depends on getting control of this budget and the debt .
obama for u who vote for him not once but twice
mr mccain i think you and lindsay graham are the poster children for term limits
have a safe trip , lee .
# standwithrand # veterans # peacethroughstrength # liberty # gop # gopdebate # randrally trey gowdy
in similar fashion , sen. reid intends to ramrod through the cr with an amendment restoring obamacare funding with only 51 votes needed for passage .
arizona , please vote this rino o-u-t , he is a big part of the problem that is wrong with our country ! !
we deserve to know why the irs is supposedly targeting conservative groups , but we don &apos;t deserve to know what harmful ingredients are in our food ?
respectfully , a defrauded ( at oh so many levels ) aero job creator in berkeley county sc .
congress does not have the power to abdicate , give away , relinquish , or hand over all or any of its constitutionally enumerated powers to another branch of the federal government .
obama should have been impeached by now !
i wish someone would intervene in those games the treasury is playing with the national debt !
people who see whats going on but people who are blinded by the liberal news have no idea .
not standing with senator cruz will give me all the motivation i need to work as tirelessly as possible to make sure you are fired from your job .
da benghazi
you mr isakson are not doing your job .
mery christmas senator trey gowdy and have a great new year !
i live in knoxville , tn
if not the afa , then what is your plan ?
when someone takes a stand for liberty anything can happen !
reign in federal spending .
mccain is a tired washed up has been retire before all your dignity is gone !
vern , why have you waited sooooo long to change your position re the free cell phones ?
my question is what are you going to do about it ?
thee living god !
mccain you make me sick to my stomach .
well mr ryan nice try you know your a clinton man down deep or you would have supported trump from the start
dougy , no offense but you should prolly quit the face booking and tweeting , man up and toe the american line .
fully support you , sir , from the great state of north carolina !
for example , during the debate on the continuing resolution , i voted for sen. ted cruz &apos;s amendment to defund obamacare .
the president cannot implement any spending bills .
he is not out to fix the aca but to repeal the aca .
preserve our freedoms .
this is no victory .
while people maybe hording ammo , not much ammo is getting to the retail stores to be horded .
my question is what is stopping congress all together ? ?
you represent your constituents , not the republican party
the epa and the federal gov .
very disappointed in your vote to fund obamacare .
we have vast areas in this country where charter schools and private schools are not an option for our citizens .
jesus christ is the hope of the world , the desire of the ages !
time to repeal the patriot act
the largest monster in our government is the irs .
please don &apos;t repeal aca .
let me remind your fellow republicans , after bill clinton there was a balanced budget and that was after the first bush messed up the finances .
my condolences to senator scott and his family .
the media will do anything in their power to take down a conservative .
if bho continues to conduct an assault on libya from this day forward , congress should begin impeachment on him .
it &apos;s because he is telling the truth with solutions .
it is amnesty pure and simple and a slap in the face to those who came here legally .
we are counting on you as our congressmen to protect the constitution and be our voice james ... congress is our only protection .
allen west i might add , along with traitors in our own party ! ! !
awesome speech james !
and then let the free markets compete and leave the darn irs out of our business !
obamacare may not be the answer but , it is a start .
sorry marsha .
what a ridiculous dinosaur mr. johnny isakson is .
i wish obama would vote against having refugees , so that you would decide to support it .
with deepest sympathy in loosing your grandfather , prayers for you and your family senator scott , you have made the people of south carolina very proud to have someone of your integrity to represent them .
what does alaska get in exchange from the federal government out of this ?
duplicate yourself in the states that will be in contension in 2014. pandering is not the answer the constitution is the answer second oly to god .
other wise he would have been impeached a long time ago .
yes sir , tom !
vote &quot; no &quot; on cloture .
obama is not &quot; holding the military hostage &quot; as canadian terrorist ted cruz is saying , the president isn &apos;t inserting anti-choice language into a cr bill .
perhaps those whom we the people elected and trusted to run the people &apos;s government should pay heed .
we christians know what lies ahead and maybe obama is leading us done that very path .
i would like to shake your hand once again mr. thune and maybe a photo with our new little guy at the parade .
mr. blunt i await your response .
rand paul you &apos;re no longer qualified to be a leader if you &apos;re taking polls like this for your decision making .
also i am friends with dennis linthicum running against greg walden and it would be so nice if we could get you to endorse him if that is possible ! !
mr messer my husband and i are die hard republicans but yesterday i got upset because we &apos;re on the do not call list and we got a call from ur office .
for jobs and substantial revenue for the us , please support hr2366 .
at least with them out of gitmo we get a chance to kill them again .
if rubio can show he can bounce back and have a great follow up debate .
a lot of your fellow citizens got to this much sooner than you did , senator mccain .
obama has done nothing impeachable .
can &apos;t say i would vote for any of the republican candidates either !
sounds great but you chose not to support him when he needed you to do that .
this is against the law and they need to be prosecuted .
david you need to do your homework .. not just hear what stupid liberals tell you .. they have ruined our country
obama is not the prize , he goes in 2 years and with a republican president all of his executive orders are rescinded .
betsy devos has no business being in this position .
your are a spineless traitor to the principles you touted to get elected .
you spending too much time in the airport shitter next to larry craig !
mr. mccain , i am a lifelong democrat .
i say &quot; let &apos;s take america back &quot; and put it in the hands of american &apos;s .. i also agree with chris smith , defund obama care and represent the people that &apos;d be us ... that elected you .
well guess what , obamacare was so watered down to begin with by the republican party that they just came up with crumbs in place of what we really need .
don &apos;t cave take the high road
it &apos;s about time somebody steps up while our country is going down the tubes with president
george bush # 2
hopefully , paul ryan will stand firm .
i will try and get his thoughts tomorrow if he &apos;s not too busy prepping for his own debate !
stand strong and tough tim scott against this so called president we have .
the arms we send to egypt today will be the arms that are being used against us within 6 months to 6 years .
anyone who can , please join us next wednesday from 7pm-9pm at marion square , downtown charleston for a prayer vigil for our city ! !
when congress gets their pipeline deal done , can we dismantle the irs and go with flat sales tax ?
for some reason the republicans are afraid to confront him , and the media keep him so insulated from the american people that there is no way to know what he is doing until he has done it !
has allowed non republican candidates to run under our banner .... paul , gary johnson , huntsman ?
that is you , senator mccain .
not only have you been called a wacko bird ... your move has been called &apos; a storke of political genious &apos; .
sorry mr , scott to hear of the lose of your grandmother .
you know the age old drill- &quot; come on james , go along and there will be time for your point of view later on , and we &apos;ll back you then &quot; ! ! !
god , i hope we get someone stronger that can say no !
6 months is long enofe to do the budget .
just please stay safe sen. paul ... we need you ! ! !
and if barack obama vetoes it , which he has promised he will do , it is your duty to override his veto .
james , he was a good enough actor that the gop still believe he wasn &apos;t acting !
be sure to watch the 3 minute statements and see rand paul shine in comparison to the other candidates .
it will blow up the nature of our constitutional republic .
it is not obamacare , it is the affordable care act
and we know why devos got your support .
http : / / www.politico.com / story / 2016 / 12 / betsy-devos-donor-senators-232792 your constituents see you , sir , and america sees you .
carly florina was the best .
i have to agree with you marsha !
clearly , he freaking hates america .
according to the left logic , none should ever get nominated and do away with the supreme court after they all die .
i agree and will not forgive mc cain for his actions
9. remove congress and executive office &apos;s exemption from obamacare ( make obamacare the * only * plan available to these groups ! )
langford is best for ideas and is not a lawyer thank goodness doesn &apos;t have big money backing go lankford
i don &apos;t know how anyone can support devos .
we expect the government to take meaningful steps to cut spending - not just cut increases in spending - to truly reduce and begin paying down the deficit .
good , when your done see if you can repeal obama
there will be no deductions for any reason .
you and your republican majority colleagues must not allow obama this opportunity to further his goal of subverting our constitution , our national identity , and our character .
and what is your plan , marsha ?
to late
arizonans vote for a true conservative and get chris simcox in the senate .
i , as an american citizen , charge the obama administration with treason and demand an investigation to charge all who are involved .
but hey good job keep it up the way y &apos;all are doing business we should be in good shape in let &apos;s say hmmm never ! ! !
i hope gowdy will not stop until he gets to the bottom of what she knew and when she knew it about the deaths at the embassy .
as pro-lifers we do not want our tax dollars going to abortion .
too bad the president hasn &apos;t granted anyone amnesty , fucktards .
this and sen. mccain &apos;s statement have some of the same language ...
happy b-day johnny mack !
you are such a big nothing as far as having and doing what our nation needs and what you were elected and are being paid .
one of main objectives of this administration is to create a borderless world .
and stop blaming the previous administration for what you have not accomplished ! ! !
every time the house tries to pass a budget , the senate kills it .
don &apos;t let keeping your seat in congress become more important that the oath that swore you to defend the constitution .
if this was your tipping point for john mccain , you are an idiot
you , sir , are not working to make a better life for the people in north carolina .
then we can also add all of the many hidden taxes in obamacare .
obama is actually running ads in these south american countries telling people to send their kids .
it will be too late before they see what has happened to them .
government spending is out of control ! !
the president is showing no leadership .
graham may or may not be representing some special interest group ( s ) .
i dont think paul will run im pulling for jesse ventura as of now but i would love to see amash in the white house
he has no qualifications and is a sell out
obama &apos;s not fit for it he is out classed and kerry too .
no one person should have the authority to do that to our country !
america will pay he debt obligations without raising the debt ceiling !
i voted for him and a straight republican ticket .
i understand there are consequences in voting against him , but there should have been a push for someone more conservative .
i also have a lot to discuss with you about the healthcare crisis you and your constituents have caused for my patients in the state of tn .
well sid mia ! ! !
i expect that those we entrust with our government would do the same , yet we keep seeing more reckless spending and more compromise from those we expect to stop that spending .
rand is a senator .
well , for one thing we have not dirtied out hands with the blood of cuban patriots and advocates of freedom and human rights by supporting or propping up their oppressors .
i love it and agree that we need to cut spending .
now the american flag i say if that offends you get out of our country and go where you will stop complaining .
vivian , muligenerational welfare recipients , octomoms , illegal aliens , and flat out bums who feel they are some how &quot; owed &quot; .
secure the border ( this is not the source of our problems &lt; magnets are &gt; — but secure it anyway )
the federal government forced southern states to integrate their schools , or at least they tried to .
small world from florida and california .
details matter , but rand doesn &apos;t want to expand on any details because then you &apos;ll understand the purpose and truth
do something about it then rand .
very best , dave
3. obama is shredding our constitution : http : / / www.americanthinker.com / 2012 / 04 / m-shredding _ the _ constitution.html 4. and finally &quot; the knockout game &quot; .
they should not shirk their responsibility and pretend that the president doesn &apos;t have the authority to present a nominee for confirmation .
he will be fantastic and boehner might as well be obama .
from a conservative stuck in california .
in the last 7 years obama has been lawless and congress has been ball less .
rand , i emplore you to remove the vipers from the halls of the people .
cleveland clinic , that obama touted as a &quot; shining example &quot; of how obamacare will work has announced thousands will be layed off , and its 2014 budget will be cut by $ 330,000,000 as a start .
obama is definitely over-paid .
tom , put your foot down and make this year the year we get our freedom back .
with you sir !
we need more rand paul in the senate ! ! ! !
obama wouldn &apos;t know the truth if it slapped him in the face .
we &apos;d rather wait and let the chips fall where they may ... cut the spending !
obama is no commander in chief and never will be and he is no president anymore since he was reelected to the job ! !
these republicans voted to fund obama &apos;s amnesty : ca ken calvert ca jeff denham ca steve knight ca kevin mccarthy ca devin nunes ca edward royce ca david valadao ca mimi walters
we have more border patrol agents on the board than before .
thanks for keeping the conservative pressure alive .
it far too late !
i am a tn resident and am ashamed of your perspective on this .
they target innocent tax payers , breach security protocols , have scandalous leaders and are now in charge of an even bigger problem ... obamacare .
i came here to write a message to you to defund it .
a vp like newt gingrich would bolster the conservative influence in a trump administration that would indeed send the establishments of both parties back to the drawing board , as we make america great again , together as americans .
so , why impeach now , as opposed to four , or even 7 years ago ?
article ii section 4 of the constitution of the united states of america .
they &apos;ve already gotten the knives out for rand paul .
should we award him with impeachment ?
first impeach the president then work on your plan .
he continues to lie , obamacare is built off of lies , like you can keep your doctor and you can keep your coverage .
no to john mccain for anything ! ! ! ! ! !
god will bless america if we will turn to him for the right answers !
best of luck ben , but you and your agenda focused pals are what were tired of .
i sent boehner an email regarding the three of you and your respective committee seats .
what i find hard to believe is that congress &apos; approval rating is at an all time low and instead of trying to fix that problem , you are hell bent on getting in any dig at obama you can .
you do not care for wyoming or its children .
i agree 100 % senator mccain
obama has shown that the people be damned .
i used to think you sir , would protect and defend the constitution from enemies foreign and domestic , you swore that it oath .
you do not want to be primaried by a lunatic fringe candidate that most idaho gop would support .
i am convinced that obama wants to wrack up the us &apos;s govt bill to bury us .
stop obamas ever growing goverment !
we let them know how much we appreciate them for protecting us and our freedoms .
i don &apos;t know , rubio &apos;s parents are from cuba .
her answers yesterday prove she has no business near education .
hey mr lankford just so you know we still have oklahoma national guard units in afghanistan if you wanted to find some time to take a trip to visit them .
johnny , thanks for representing georgians and speaking up on our behalf .
why is it that the majority of americans have no problem with christian principles , but the minority of you think you can control what is said ? ? ?
there &apos;s your useless government spending !
please discontinue referring to the constitution until you do your &quot; constitutional &quot; job !
how about releasing the prosperity packages and wgs as well as the dinars to fund our nation and let the taxes collected do what &apos;s needed for us ? ? ?
sellout rino .
dr ben carson
only 1 % of the gitmo detainees have appeared before a military tribunal .
we patiently await justice for those betrayed by our government
ps : i like and appreciate you and mr gowdy combined effort .
i agree be wacko as you want , you are right .
if you know someone hates america , wants to destroy us , could care less about us , isnt it worth getting this man out of office ?
congressman carter , please go before the justice dept and demand that all charges be dropped in the chatanooga shooting .
vote no and you may save your job .
you will be remembered in history as a traitor to the constitution .
you should prob start to listen to the people of sc because we are why you even have a job and the rate you &apos;re going you &apos;ll be out next election ; which is sad because you could have made a real difference .
# letranddebate # standwithrand &#91; &#91; photo &#93; &#93;
is it because the government give so much money to other country &apos;s and spending money on things it should not have been spent on ?
ted , the folks at fox are the only friends you &apos;ll ever have .
i am a marietta , ga resident and you work for me and other constituents in georgia .
god bless you and your family lots of love and many prayers for amanda
it makes no sence to stay in high taxed and regulated area .
yes trey and we need you for attorney general ..
) , but yes to increasing the debt limit ?
@ - kenny kelly i &apos;m all for that as well , but a good start will be with non-citizens .
please switch parties and stop saying you are a republican ... you in no way represent conservative values .
good to see you are still here , mia .
again , his name is president obama , not preso .
other states can do nothing to remove mcclown you in az have to do this as florida is with rubio and get soros out of usa politics and set term limits
please reconsider , lindsey .
since this is his third term ( i think ) and he said he often comes back to wyoming to get ideas , returns to washington , and enacts them as the solution , i suggest he resign .
i hope rand paul runs for president in 2016 ! !
maybe you can start acting like a conservative for a change and stand for the principles that got you elected in the first place .
&quot; the president &apos;s fiscal year 2014 budget was posted on the congressional budget office website earlier this year and the cbo analyzed it and published its findings online . &quot;
seems a little late.since our members of the republican party were just as power hungry and didn &apos;t stand by trump .
denise and dave hayes gilbert , az 85234
i hope the gop doesn &apos;t cave on this like they do on so many things .
keep up the great work you are doing mr gowdy ... i am not in your district , but if i get a job down there i would be happy to vote for you sir !
enough news has come out that clinton / mccain and graham have been using bengazi to run arms to syria .
christie is dangerous for america , just as is mccain , rubio and all the thugs that support amnesty for illegals !
he needs you to stand up for him .
we aught to do that for him at the same time we start impeachment proceedings .
enforce them ! !
jesus is the life .
he will end up in cuba .
i would assume rand is paying someone to update this which means he &apos;s not hearing / seeing the complaints / requests .
your spineless we voted you all in and u still just go along need to vote all u out ! ! !
obama care has not hit some of us yet .
let &apos;s get the fair tax !
not close the government and then lie about doing it to change the results of the election .
betty lou likes this
teachers would love to be free to teach , but the tn government keeps thinking if you throw more tests and paperwork at them , it will make it better ? ? ? ?
obama is a collectivist .
god bless ya sir
the only reason liberals post on conservative pages is to prove to us how ignorant they are !
seriously , senator bob corker , let us know how you &apos;d like to defend that .
i will plant a confederate flag on a confederate grave and dare them to touch it .
tell him this is a proxy war that can be stopped as soon as the main players stop sending military support to either the assad or the rebels .
i am a person who does no go into debt unless it is an emergency , i cannot sleep well if i owe money , i bet obama sleeps well , because he does not care
i cannot believe that you have a plan to replace it .
can &apos;t we get rid of him and all his administration
go home johnny , you &apos;re drunk .
if you can &apos;t pay your bills lower the pay of each person washington maybe than they would get the message that spending is not profitable
&quot; persons he determines &quot; gives me the heebie jeebies .
i dont agree with barry about anything !
i beg someone to give me control of the government and you will see &quot; change &quot; we can believe in !
congratulations , mia ! ! !
there is so much waste in the federal government that apparently president bo is blind to so he keeps the waste and cuts deserving programs so as to harm the country .
the man running the white house wants war ... &quot; i &apos;m a leninist . &quot;
we should put people in washington who have not served before !
why not talk about the fact that obama needs to be arrested for fraud and treason ?
at the risk of sounding like the libs ... i hope harry reid kicks the bucket , so we don &apos;t have to listen to his smarmy , self-righteous loathing of all things conservative .
this is pure political posturing and the height of absurdity given that the releases are being granted before the federal &apos; sequestration &apos; cuts have even gone into effect .
this president is evil .
mr. gowdy sorry for your loss .
obama to com clean and give us the truth !
option b - this rail must be built to connect all sides of houston - we all deserve access to houston from uofh to the galleria - the busiest and most congested area of town .
no reduction in troops !
prayers for everyone especially first responders .
personally i think its crap we support any communist country with our goods we dont need to buy from them if big corps wouldn &apos;t be giving tax breaks to go there !
violation of the constitution
that &apos;s &quot; isis &quot; not isil you moron ..... someone teach obummer who are enemy is !
keep hanging in ms diane black .
arrest obama for taking the office of potus fraudulently !
i do not know much about the flat tax or the fair tax .
i wish i had your enthusiasm , rand .
i was always a hardcore ted cruz fan , but i would &apos;ve gladly voted for you .
impeach him before its to late for america .
obama &apos;s pet rebels execute syrian soldiers throw in mass grave ... are you watching mccain or playing video games ?
no 1 would be american citizens fund medicare and soc sec quit messing with it .
in this situation the president has decided to seek congressional input but has already declared he believes he has the lawful authority to act .
thanks for always stepping up and speaking out .... we as conservatives are so blessed to have you ..... god bless you to open the eyes of the blind
it was what i wanted to see happen &amp; as our voice in our government , you represented idaho very well ! !
how do you like the idea that if you sell any real estate 3.8 % of the sale price will be taken by the government to help fund obama care ?
i support the repeal of obamacare as unconstitutional
check your government and the voting we had in the ninetees and send it thru westpark ! ! ! !
you let nc and the entire nation down by not standing up for what is right .
i love patrick c collins too .
get rid of big government unless you don &apos;t like what cities or states do , then its thanks obama .
anyone in washington d. c. care to answer that question ?
may god wrap his loving arms of comfort around you .
he will do what he wants to do ..
and jen : that &apos;s not a fair question to ask mike .
rhino alert !
you , mr. lankford have been a major disappointment and definitely live by a double edge sword !
he need to be impeached .
trey gowdy for president some day
democrats believe higher taxes and increased government bureaucracy and spending will not stifle economic growth but instead guarantee prosperity for everyone .
he worships himself and no god of our !
kind of like rand supporting mitch .
morris , john adams , john jay , john dickinson , james mchenry , and so many others who framed all that built the foundation on which we now stand and can stand proudly and firmly on for as long as we remember and read their passionate words .
this could possible be the end to the republican party .
i say rand paul for president .
start with obummer because that &apos;s where it starts
keep asking those questions and do not budge in tax increases !
obama and holder have blood on their hands .
beautifully put bruce .
mia , i pray you will never be co-opted .
for everyone in washington including obama to live by the laws created by our founding fathers .
vote no to devos she is not qualified listen to the country
i know you run un-opposed most of the time , but i &apos;m just putting this out there : anybody who wants to run against marsha blackburn in 2016 , you have my full support - in voice and in dollars .
i would love to see someone come in the room and arrest him !
don &apos;t cave on this , you have to know she is not what our public school children need .
i hope you have a good reason you and the others caved into obama !
goper opposed the deal before they read it , just as they have opposed all obama initiatives .
had the exact opposite take mia .
prosecuting obama
changing your story mr. ryan
go home paul .
the gops budget cut is to medicare .
then you will have identified a and eliminated an issue , freed up funds for another item on the list expanded the tax base by providing new taxpayers .
congress needs to pass law president cannot repeat cannot do executive order without congress approval ! ! ! !
good luck in south carolina .
shame on you john mccain , i switched parties and voted for you to get rid of obama , and now you are helping him to enslave the american peoples , if i lived in your state i would campaign to get you unelected
this would have been an easier sell if you had supported the republican candidate mia .
this is because of some of the things obama has said about our country early on and was apologetic our country .
he needs to go home to uganda !
until obamacare .
congratulations to tim scott
paul ryan could unite the party .
when do you plan on holding a public , planned ( date , time , place ) town hall meeting .
obama does not care what the american people want .
its about time / may be too little to late
in my 67 years of life in the usa i have never witnessed an administration with such detrimental and disastrous socialist policies .
just no !
thankgod i will be in your district soon instead of rino joes .
study the constitution !
you have to understand something senator the american people are feed up with the crap coming out of washing like obamacare .
i got my guns loaded what you guys can do is get rid of obama and if biden don &apos;t play ball take it away .
mcconnell put 2 billion worth of pork for kentucky in the bill .
likewise , sen. mccain .
reducing taxes and repealing obamacare .
a big hell no
that statement in itself verifies the supreme court did not recognize obamacare as an insurance or health care but just a way to tax people .
they need to be reigned in but not a single republican will stand up for that .
according to ron paul , private firms he has consulted has figured unemployment rates are from 20 % -30 % .
a little late , don &apos;t you think paul ryan ? .. what a puppet .
mia , it &apos;s incumbent on you to be a foil to trump &apos;s most destructive impulses .
i also think we have to be aware of costs and consequences , which the obama admin .
a balanced budget can be achieved by reducing government spending .
devos does not know that , yet is willing to attack it since it was not part of her privileged schooling .
quit sending billions to countries who are our enemies .
the statue of liberty stands within view of our shores .
our unalienable rights and liberty seems to be diminishing in the eyes of the american government .
we need more republicans to step forward , as you senator graham have done .
obama should not sue any us banks ; this is counterproductive !
sheesh cruz sasse ! ! ! !
i continually hear people cry &quot; impeach &quot; but i ask how do you impeach someone who was never legally qualified to hold office to begin with .
i agree that the mandate will probably be the only thing declared unconstitutional .
praying for you and yours , jamie .
i &apos;d like to see the republican nominee pick you as their running mate
the state of florida does not have an income tax so i don &apos;t have a problem paying sales tax .
i &apos;ve always wondered what would happen with a 10 or 15 percent flat tax on income .
despite his claim to pbs , according to an fb statement issued by senator cornyn late yesterday evening , the president is planning on having a telephone conference call with congress on thursday to explain his war plans .
you did not represent the people of north carolina .
the citizens and leaders of south carolina in general and charleston specifically have shown america how the nation should react to such a horrible , evil tragedy .
i hope you are correct mr. mcclintock for our countries sake .
when they can &apos;t make you go away with their bullying , they try to make you look crazy , thus &quot; wacko bird &quot; .
if not , repeal it .
it &apos;s time for all washington political and government to wake up and just do what is best for our country not just their party .
if texas doesn &apos;t get rid of this thief , they are as dumb as i thought .
we need to protect our borders
kansas needs two new senators .
thom tillis has my vote ! ! !
repeal the whole thing ! !
i also give you many thanks for being the true patriot that you are and for standing with americans .
take a stand to support decent american public schools by voting no on devos .
maine has more forest now than it ever has in modern history .
mr. poe you are no better .
thanks for trying and being an american unlike the other traitors that are suppose to serve the country
if you vote for cloture , you are voting for support of 0bamacare .
you have stayed firm on your conservative convictions and you don &apos;t vacillate on your issues .
don &apos;t give in , have a backbone and stand .
keep up the good work sir , and may god continue to bless you and your family .
if the gov fixed the tax problem all those worthless lawyers and h &amp; r block and irs workers will be out of a job jee we cant have that
obama watches the world on fire – and does nothing .
jerry , i &apos;m glad you are listening to us .
reid would have done the same .
then , instead of the top 5 % of earners paying 95 % of all taxes , which , according to the irs website is exactly the case , the rest of you could start paying your own way in this country .
republicans have been nothing but talk and empty gestures since aca was first passed .
senator scott , you no longer have my support in any way .
no no no stay out of it .
do you have any more stupid questions you can come up with to ask ?
i just find it hard to understand why you &apos;re not the republican nominee for president .
devos has 0 experience and if teachers should be highly qualified for a job so should the leaders managing the public education system .
then get on the train and start supporting the republican nominee .
no , it isn &apos;t you , mr. franks .
trey run for president ! ! !
totally agree , he also gave us military folks a much needed pay raise at the time .
priority # 1 - secure our borders !
i will do everything in my power to see them walk in a free texas without the chains of tyranny on their backs !
this sneaky plan by republican leadership must be stopped !
it &apos;s a good thing if mccain is critical- he wasn &apos;t a good choice for our party in 08 anyway- so the last thing we want is his approval and endorsement ... we need a real conservative voice and rand is the man !
sir , here &apos;s how to counter obama &apos;s plan to spend our tax dollars on lifetime benefits for refugees that he &apos;s bringing here .
scott , there are some missionaries i know who go to kenya from time to time , some of whom live in the 4th district .
to be loyal to one country , you are either cuban or american .
marsha blackburn is my congressman .
i have to get an extension on my taxes which makes them late and creates a penalty .
defund obama care then take care or the rest
yes , it seems our congress never does anything .. its looks like they are all in on ruining america .. when its gone so will be your paychecks .
and it does matter what room the president was in while all this was going on ! ! ! !
i agree , he and his cronies have done no good for the usa ......
i have a message for marco rubio .
rand paul lets get obamacare out or make everyone in government take it like everyone else if it passes .
however , you always represent tn well .
seriously , the most simple and most fair way of collecting taxes is the fair tax .
chris christie is an idiot rino who should just shut his ignorant mouth .
the heck with that committee how about the budget vote , why did the republicans vote to fund obama care and the immigration amnesty !
work for the people who elected you and not for you pocket book and learn how to budget and not always expect the tax payers to pick up the short fall or your over spending .
they are all buddy buddy when it comes down to stepping down off their high horses .
he is not capable or willing to do his own research .... just a jump on the bandwagon dont listen and learn first .... not some one who can or deserves to represent us
i appreciate your effort sir
may god bless john mccain and dr. kissinger , both of whom i have always held in high regard .
a nation that elects obama can &apos;t be a leader in anything positive .
looks like the rest in this government are not doing a darn thing to stop obama the mad man form dictorship !
katy , , marthasville mo.thank god for our volunteer groups doing it , for our tax money goes elsewhere .
i would rather have you trey gowdy !
we can not afford another war .. americans tax money for americans .. stay out of the middle east .. thanks
please do not vote for the amnesty bill
who the hell is mia love ? ? ? ?
houston is nasa .
he likes to be seen so he can get some air time !
holder is obama !
it is my job to get health insurance and healthcare and not the us govt .
senator paul , keep up the good work .
by the way lindsey , your washington d.c. phone lines have been down for a few days now - have you gotten the message that no one cares about you ?
ty mrs. love !
thanks for nothing , hope you got something out of the deal , johnny , the american people got crap , we need some one with a back bone .
quit stripping away the &quot; good parts &quot; of obamacare .
and yet mia , you refuse to support trump .
millions more illegals wanting hand out from the american tax payer .
well efrem , obama and the lord are not the same thing !
you would have my vote mr. gowdy .
why couldn &apos;t you have been at the forefront stopping his illegal amnesty now by encouraging the power of the purse to use .
why is it nobody in congress is working on real tax reform ?
if the democrats aren &apos;t removed in november , there will be no stopping them ! !
he is a man of great morals and core values .
i &apos;m not republican or democrat but common sense is common sense king is out of line !
i pray that god heals your sweet baby , if it is his will .
and the irs and bengazi investigations , plus the many attempts to repeal afc ?
we the people are watching you mitch mcconnell
rand do not back down until this is reversed ! !
all people should be equal ... who knows what god &apos;s real belief really is ....
your only interest is only what mitch can do for mitch and not the people of kentucky .
impeachment please !
your from texas &lt; &lt; make a difference ... how bout the constitution !
obama really did a number on our country .
mccain will be 105
bo said if he could just save 1 life he would do it , so what is he waiting for ?
if holder is found in comtempt of congress cannot congressman issa , along with the house sgt .
allen west for speaker of the house
obama has met up with yet another person like himseld , a complete liar .
well , if you all haven &apos;t seen it yet , the house voted to repeal .
for a resignation
i , a constituent in winston-salem , want to see the details of the replacement plan before the aca is repealed .
georgia schools are already poorly ranked in the nation--we can ill afford someone who will take taxpayer money from public schools and give it to private schools .
john been following you from texas i support your consertive ideas .
keep going mia we love you ! !
tom , you and your fellow kindergartners have been lying on the floor kicking and screaming long enough .
the death tax doesn &apos;t just apply to the rich !
better do something , vern .
deborah adams : listing the &quot; whole &quot; quote only makes bo sound even more ignorant of what this is all about .
but i guess some of us didn &apos;t learn , or some of us really don &apos;t care about education in wyoming .
fight hard , don &apos;t give up , and pray for god &apos;s leadership to guide you .
bibi put everything on the line , no b / s , no wishy washie , just plain facts !
to many of us it appears that many of your colleagues are trying to pull the rug out from under us , with little to no care about the people it will hurt- and the people it will kill .
in the second place , you are a traitor to the nation , and you deserve to be impeached for violation of the logan act , along with the other 46 representatives who signed that document .
wake up arizona voters ... elect a real conservative that will stand up to obama , not partner with him ...
shut up , paul .
president obama has had the authority to use act for the past six years , as did bush and clinton and all the other presidents since truman .
now what are you and congress going to do about it ?
so now we &apos;re being taxed , even though we were told it was no way a tax .
we need patriots back in our govt !
glad amanda is doing good .
then , you &apos;ll have to close all the borders and stop everyone who comes back from overseas vacations .
this bipartisan government we have is ruining our country .
why can &apos;t we impeach him ?
unfortunately , i &apos;m stuck with the likes of lee terry as my representative who has proven time and time again that he does not represent the interests of his constituents .
we want impeachment tom .
above statement proves obama has forced us to no longer be a free country country
tomorrow when you meet with the president regarding the raising of the debt ceiling - do not cave to a tax increase .
given by our creator : our government can only restrain itself from violating our freedoms .
we need a ronald reagan response ... like he did with the air traffic controllers union .
he is hell bent on keeping promises to terrorists and evil doers and absolutely &quot; no &quot; interest in keeping promises to we the people that ignorantly and blindly elected him twice !
thanks paul , stay tough on the establishment abusers .
and to think obama wants a raise on top of everything else .
i love you jessica lee !
rand 2020 !
at that dinner with the president last night , did you and mccain make some kind of deal with the administration ?
saw roy blunt at silver dollar city &apos;s 50th celebration .... told some great stories ....
not one single republican voted for obamacare !
elaine reidy ..... you liberials are in for a rude awakening when the true americans cram the constitution and the 2nd ad .
tom telling some whoppers on the floor of the house now !
&quot; what is the proper term for those who are determined to get their way by threatening to otherwise close our government or default on our nation &apos;s debts ?
teabaggers , my fanny , this country needs to get back to constitutional principles !
now johnny , it &apos;s time for you to finally listen to what your constituents have been telling you .
i realize a balanced budget would be nice , but you guys had to spend like drunken sailors to get the performance you did during the bush years , and give away all that tax money too .
lindsey graham keep fighting the fight we need more men who dont mind rolling up their sleeves and let the white house and others know we have had enough
someone who will stand up and return common sense , trust and civility to our country .
may god richly bless you and your family
and i do know the difference between a conservative and a republican !
did you oppose cruz on any of his actions or would you have supported him if he was the nominee ?
no to arms sales to saudi arabia .
gods strength to y &apos;all up there .
the tea party isn &apos;t problem but the solution and will clean out the senate in 2014 .
i &apos;m praying for this family .. i know there must be such an emptiness in their hearts .. god give them a peace and god heal this nation .. 🙏
we are to render therefore to our governing authority which is the constitution all their ( we the people of the united states ) dues : tribute to whom ( our constitution ) tribute is due ; custom to whom ( our constitution ) custom ; fear to whom ( our constitution ) fear ; honour to whom ( our constitution ) honour .
marco has to regain the momentum and take this race .
no sir , sounds like you work for yourself !
at least wacko birds respect the constitutional rights of us civilians !
then do your job , impeach him and throw him in prison .
i encourage you to announce the time and location of the town hall you have said would be held over the presidents day work week .
no abortion !
that question is the one we expect the president ( cic ) to articulate , and congress to approve .
y tranquilo que obama va en el 2016 a participar en la represión contra la oposición en cuba ! !
this is so disappointing , your constituents have called , emailed , wrote letters , and have gone to your office .... you were elected to represent us and that includes the children of south carolina .
we must seal our borders and remove all that do not belong in our country because this is coming to us without question ! !
he is a no good traitor and should be jailed !
and we are praying for you and everyone with trump .
yea , obama won &apos;t acknowledge that fact .
representative &apos;s louie gohmert of texas and steve king of iowa , believe in following the constitution , which is what they swear to do and is a tea party talking point .
senator we appreciate your stand for the constitution and the citizens of the united states and rest assured we stand with rand .
merry christmas mr poliquin !
see if you can remind some of your other peers just why they were sent to washington .
i smell a rat , think obama is knee deep in this acorn organization .
no &quot; refugees &quot; .
i cannot see where obamacare is a law , as pelosi said they would have to pass it and then read .
i think he is a total idiot and you members of congress need to get off your butts and impeach him now
communist plot to destroy america and her people in favor of islamic people who are exempt from the health care and any injectable id devices !
it is my understanding that to admend an admendment of the constitution , requires more than a few jack legs in congress with obama &apos;s hand up their skirt ! ! !
i fully supported ron paul in every way , but this &quot; go along to get along &quot; philosophy i see from the libertarians in congress makes me throw up .
obama wants that money for who = isis
and maybe they need to stop the behind the scenes games since there emails have been leaked boehner needs to step down as does reid .
and people of america , need to stop voting the same people in of whom vote as you do vern .
i know you are a strong man senator tim scott .
first you have to identify your enemy .
* * * asymmetric cyber-security threat * * * senator lankford --- if you have the moral courage to publicly acknowledge my concerns , i &apos;ll make a $ 1,000 donation to a mutually agreed upon charity ( on your behalf ) .
&quot; no clue or authority &quot;
mr. cantor and mr. mccarthy have also already had their shots at leadership , and would not be good replacements .
thanks for all u do congressman ted yoho
god bless you sen. scott and your family .
shameless rubio , trump is still a conman a lunatic and delusional .
we appreciate you senator paul
impeach his arrogant communistic self .
repeal it and then focus on health care costs not health insurance .
islamic prayer does not belong in government buildings , as neither does christian .
the farm bill has little to do with farm market prices now as was the case when the states gave up their power to washington in 1933 to regulate farm markets and not to redistribute the wealth of taxpayers in socialist welfare schemes .
christie ought to stuff another hostess ding dong in his mouth and shut the hell up .
don &apos;t raise the debt limit , we will handle what comes of it .
he is showing his true colors on where he stand n it not for americans
reepublicans sold us , the people , down the river with the election of rino boehner ! !
just the american flag &amp; south carolina flag , thing will be alright , i think .
we will arrest and prosecute all who support , aid and abet isis or any other islamic terrorist group .
how much would it cost for north carolinians to buy back your and senator thom tillis &apos;s representation ?
isreal is god &apos;s chosen people .
obama needs to be obstructed at every opportunity !
yes , it is time to destroy the destroyers of constitutional law , of the free markets and liberty .
this media extremism is causing precisely what the agenda desires the division of persons with a liberal view and those with a conservative view .
it isn &apos;t right that my husband and i should pay more taxes on our modest income than someone like the president or mitt romney .
the president should definitely not back down and give cruz what he &apos;s demanding .
got get me sir !
reading over these posts clearly georgia has more idiots than those of us who are sane since the majority posting here are po &apos;ed at your vote .
stay on it sir .
jim , mccain doesn &apos;t listen or respect his constituents , so i &apos;d say , respectfully , that if he isn &apos;t your senator then you don &apos;t feel the frustration that we have felt for years .
so senator sasse why fight the will of the majority who want trump this is whats so wrong with our country the politicians dont listen to what we want .
i fear a final solution that won &apos;t be ovens , but will be subtle in cutting them off from services that keep them alive.please reclaim our nation from tyranny while you still can ... impeach him
i &apos;ll go camp out in dc for a couple of weeks if obummer will leave !
the worst recession since the great depression and mcclintock blames it on the obama adimistration ?
no , saudi arabia is our enemy .
do you not get not only is this a huge part of our history , this is about american pride !
fairtax , mr. tillis .
do something about it , instead of talk ! ! !
i pray you can get that done for us ! ! !
congress is not doing it &apos;s job .
praying works .
# mitchmcconnell if you try to derail mr . # trump as you have suggested wanting open seat senators to blast negative ads against # trump .
god bless you mr.rand please help keep our 2nd amendment ! ! ! ! !
because liberals are in control and have no accountability congressman buchanan is 100 % right take care of home first
i wonder if rand thinks were stupid , or didn &apos;t read the bill ..
trey gowdy , please let me see your name on that 2020 presidential ballot ! !
serve your constituents and vote no on devos !
defund everything until we get an american in the wh !
i adore you mia .
you sir should switch parties , you are no longer a republican with this shameful response because you did not get your choice .
you don &apos;t listen to your constituents and for that , you will not be reelected .
i honestly believe that our government thinks the american people are just stupid and won &apos;t understand what &apos;s going on in these bills that are passed by congress .
we have no business getting involved in syria .... no american taxpayer dollars should be spent in this !
judging by the 90 % opposed to foreign aid by the people you represent , senator i think you should consider senator paul &apos;s proposal .
regardless of your position on gun rights , congress has an obligation to assert its constitutional authority as the only lawful rulemaking body , &quot; said stockman .
tom you should also return the duggar money
mr. mc cain , i have been an independent , voting the best i can on who i think would be the best person for an noffice .
put more of your time , money and effort into a safe work place for gas and oil rig workers and health coverage for the under insured here in wyoming .
get em carlton raines sir .
hagan needs to win it again , and not just by a few points , which will be a challenge given the significant turnout problems democrats face in north carolina midterms .
this is some of obama &apos;s decisions but he has always lied to the american people so why should we think we would get the honest truth especially when it comes to muslim terrorist .
good luck getting anything signed into law while obama is busy rubbing elbows with the vicious liberal aristocracy .
always hating on obama &amp; doing zero for tn
in order to to repeal obamacare , the gop needed to win a majority in the house and senate , and the probably the office of the president ( to prevent a veto ) too .
but also he wants us to come to him with our problems and trust him .
i hope you &apos;ll take over his voice , sen. paul jr .
tom mcclintock , your comment on the irony of how liberals tolerate guns in banks , guarding their money , but not in schools , guarding their children , is well-said .
sad to see a gutless politician with tn behind his name .
rand , i hope you &apos;re not flip-flopping on securing the border .
how about getting back in the race for us rand .
a piece at a time is fine with me , it is called &quot; reacting &quot; to the situation , just don &apos;t give in on the important parts of slamming obamacare .
james lankford is the best representative to have around : a great person to have around to address our interests and make good policy decisions for the good of our district , he stands true to our conservative values .
bipartisanship and compromise have mostly been a hard pull to the &quot; progressive socialist left &quot; , &quot; ! .surrrender. ! &quot;
no more $ trillion plus deficit spending .
so i suppose this means that you won &apos;t be supporting paul ryan , who supposedly was apart of the group that agreed to this deal ?
with districts already suffering and our state being home to the &apos; corridor of shame &apos; i hope you will reconsider for south carolinian students and students nation-wide .
the real question is why active-duty military personnel are prohibited from carrying a firearm on base .
keep up the good work congressman lankford .
this doesn &apos;t help the people of cuba , it helps the dictators of cuba .
we have to have a common sense plan like those that republicans attempted to introduce to america during the last two presidential campaigns .
&quot; we stand together today stronger than ever , &quot; i would have to take exception to that mr. scott .
you have served the citizens of kansas well .
you and the &quot; job creators &quot; you are beholden to have done absolutely nothing !
congrats james !
of course we are less safe they are planning to deport the saudi terrorist and i believe the muslim brotherhood is deep in our government and nobody is brave enough to question this president and his ties
turn off the treasury printing presses !
mia impeachment should begin .
however , current administration in the wh would have us think that it is wrong .
green and lee need to resign for what they did .
homeland security is as crooked as obama and they will not honor any laws .
praying for you cong .
talk is cheap trey
yes , trey gowdy is the man for the job i believe !
use the veto override
maybe you will be our choice for president in 2016. our country needs a godly man in leadership .
great interview keep up the good work
1. lincoln - 2. washington - 3. reagan - 4. jefferson
forest service isint very nice to the homless veterans in the area covo can fill you on on that issue , very thankful that the congress passed veterans at work bill , &amp; the decrease in homless veterans , praying that the economy hasent caused to much brain dammage = )
we need the help of our conservative congress to help us educate the voters and expose those responsible .
marco makes sense .
soo very true ! !
the second part was that congress would have to pay for healthcare just like everyone else , and not get it for &quot; free &quot; from taxpayer money .
you do know that barak obama is our nation &apos;s commander-in-chief , right ?
for once be a conservative .
if only there were a rewind button ......... knowing what we know now obama would not be in office .
i agree that it is sad , but sending money from our government is wrong .
no compromise with our 2nd amendment rights !
thats what the other one was doing and got fired sorry rand but you are lying
passing bills that you know the president will veto is a waste of time .
and changing the american flag because it is offensive .
way to go sir !
the president does not have to have a budget nor does the senate .
since you are no longer representing the voters of oklahoma you will not be re-elected .
congress has passed numerous environmental laws authorizing enforcement from the executive branch .
help put kansas education back on track .
have you learned nothing from ron paul .
if the senate does not pass the spending resolution the house passes they are responsible for any shut down if government .
if you make cutting foreign aid a priority , how then do you address problems like ebola elsewhere ?
i agree , but also believe congress is to blame for restricting the authority of va administrators to fix the problems .
mr. paul , i &apos;m sure as you continue to move forward you will see more insults along the way .
maybe romney would have won with rubio with him ! ! !
cause obama is never going to stop his approving the islamic nation , violence against the jews he hates the jews !
tell that to the statue of liberty !
he has no care of his &quot; followers &quot; all he wants is their vote so he can finish killin the country .
cheaper to ship them back than add to the bo party voting block and send an already broken welfare system into overdrive .
i simply cannot understand why he hasn &apos;t been impeached .
john mccain , please stop putting your personal position above that of the american people .
i &apos;m so very proud of you senator rubio .
repeal now please
no experience with public education should have put her in the no pile from the start !
so why did ms senators vote to fund obamacare ?
imho , military spending is what threatens to bankrupt us before anything else .
are you still continuing to back paul ryan for soh ?
if hillary wins because of the party &apos;s actions , i will never support the republican party again .
we are 86 &amp; 84. our insurance has stopped paying blood tests and other charges they used to pay .
she is seriously unqualified and has no business running a department she knows nothing about .
i refuse to identify with either dems or reps. i voted for mr but we got bo because the republicans are inept and drop the ball at whatever they do .
however , the president may again submit a written declaration of recovery to the president pro tempore and the speaker of the house .
you know he wants to ruin america .
thanks for reaching out to students , congressman poe .
rand paul would get creamed in a nation election .... he &apos;s the male bachmann ... full of nonsense and looking for attention ... you folks live in a little mind bubble ... he wasted our time and tax dollars and added millions to the deficit
i see now that you are a rino in disguise .
unfortunately , mike , you know that will not happen .
in 2012 , obama inherited a mess from _ _ _ _ _ .
the infamous website is not the problem with obamacare , but expect obama to start pretending that that was the problem , and now it &apos;s getting &quot; fixed . &quot;
if he doesn &apos;t , impeach him .
nbc is reporting too little , too late about what those paying attention knew 3 years ago .
way to go rand a victory for all of us ....
you &apos;ve given him the reins now for 7 years and have not done a thing about his unconstitutional destruction and obliteration of our constitution .
mc cain was and is the one who lead az to be one of the best states !
this administration has to be stopped now !
this should be handled by the company and the state of texas , not national tax payers but so what , the feds are releasing money anyway , contrary to what this leech is saying .
! ... obama is telling us what he wants to do for our country to make it better after bush / cheney &apos;s destruction ! ... and you are worried about a pin ?
getting a lot of resistance from mccain and graham : (
anyone who believes and follows the constitution is considered a wacko nowadays .
my hubby wants you to teach classes in the senate on how to be a leader ... started to say lol , but it is actually a great idea !
no wonder they want late term abortions .
i wonder it is flag day in kenya ?
patrick mulloy your &quot; patrick mulloy robert , the disincentives have been named , and the gop job bills are directed to many of them .
we do not need kevin mccarthy as a replacement for speaker boehner .
the problem with leland &apos;s answer that we are the enemy now .
john boehner in his lawsuit against obama spelled out all necessary violations for filing articles of impeachment .
i love kentucky ....... https : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = qbn6vkleo48
john mccain did something great for once
republican house u people left town leaving a harry reid senate ok our value no we dont need govt life controler if u guy keep it up we american going to put you people out of congress so no taxes hike obamacare just clean livin that what american like
he cannot everything he wants .
same to you and your family trey .
rand paul will do fine .
money from feds does not go to abortion .
great news , mia .
love trey gowdy ......... he will be president one day ...... i hope !
all the unconstitutional acts that obama has done do not warrant impeachment ... ? ! ! !
the executive , legislative and executive are now in phase with the socialist agenda ... no more checks and balances .
absolutely freakin &apos; not !
thanks for hanging in an not caving in like your fellow republicans !
to me it &apos;s one who believes and advocates for individual liberty as provided by the constitution .
such respect and honor i have for you mr. congressman gowdy !
mitch mcconnell pressures gop colleagues to cover up the truth behind the senate &apos;s obamacare exemption .
yeah but you vote to send money to muslim brotherhood .
the present administration has lost our trust .. there is no way it can be won again .. may as well clean house and start over ..
the president is unwilling to act on the behalf of the american people to which he was sworn to defend and protect .
do whatever it takes to override the veto and creat the much needed jobs for america
i hope the people in az and sc get rid of those two clowns l g and j m
merry christmas congressman reichert and family .
mr. grayson knows exactly what i &apos;m talking about !
please vote no on devos -
you are not the only republican who feels this way .... so when are you going to get together and impeach obama ? ? ?
the american people are the ones that deserve , to be protected from these foreign invaders.wait until they sell our sovereignty out completely.while were all standing there , with a copy of the constitution in our hands . &amp; they tell us that the united states of america is no more
god bless you and your grandfather sen. tim scott
impeach the lobbyists .
they think that what we started in 2010 we won &apos;t finish in 2012. and what about obama scaring the elderly with this threat of cutting off soc .
we need a balanced budget amendment to require future administrations to control spending .
he told the lady in town hall obama was not muslim .
impeach , arrest , jail obumba , biden , eric and those in the irs that have attacked lied to the american people .
god bless you for your service : )
i guess rand paul is the kind of guy that likes his own posts .
you need to vote for the defunding of obamacare ... vote &quot; no &quot; on cloture .
then bush
not a yoho fan ...
he is an obama puppet !
not too late to stand with voters .
state of s. c .
sad that north carolina voters just reelected this man , shows ignorance rules here ,
tim , u r right on bro .
john mccain it is up to u and your fellow senators to make sure this is right , if you can &apos;t maybe you need to start weeding out and start with pres .
i am beginning to think you can talk the talk but there isn &apos;t one of you that are walking the talk .
the problem is in requirements for qualifying for tax-exempt status , they give the irs too much power in regulating your speech and doctrines .
where was sen cruz !
shame on you roy blunt .
that aside , what were you doing , senator mike crapo , during the years that the health care crisis was developing to stop it from getting out of control ?
oh , i forgot , you and marsha want to do away with minimum wage too because it is &quot; anti-business &quot; and another &quot; job-killing over-reach &quot; by the government .
we had dr. roe on this call because he is on the house committee on veterans affairs and a veteran himself .
your not missing anything lee .
that is why rand paul of ky. filerbusting was in congress for 11 hours .
10 trillion in new debt !
obummer will never be on board until you start getting things done that the voters want !
i wonder why this didn &apos;t happen during the bush administration
obama has already transferred 80,000 prisoners to the u.s. why wasn &apos;t trey gowdy , paul ryan and the other now so indignant republicans doing anything while this was happening ?
impeach , try , and arrest obama , biden , holder , pelosi , feinstein , and any other that took an oath of office and perjured themselves .
you were , for many years , a voice of reason in the republican party .
a flat 8 % tax across the board on everyone no deductions ! !
the patrick henry caucus has an opt-out provision drafted and ready for presentation to the utah legislature next month .
obama should be fired .
start changing and become a good legislature voting in a partisan way with the other neanderthals in the republican party .
let &apos;s wait and see if anything good happens and always remember the strong people that did vote &quot; against &quot; boehner .
lacey remember the song god bless the usa !
the spineless gope that did nothing to slow the agenda of obama and actually funded everything obama wanted # omnibus .
senator mccain , donald trump has got to go .
who holds the purse strings congress ?
if the dhs order stockpile averages to over 9,000 rounds of ammo per agent , why is that even necessary ?
arrest him ! !
end of problem except for the impeachment of obama !
it won &apos;t be repealed , until we keep the house , grab the senate , and grab the presidency .
what is the plan to replace the aca ?
how about our constitutional rights ala 2a , sir ?
we at war , take the gloves off , and get rinos out .
paul , cruz , rubio are better men than you .
she certainly bought your vote senator richard burr , and your too senator thom tillis .
san antonio for mia !
i will take the terrorists if obama and his family and cronies mover to gitmo .
we need more people like trey on both sides of the aisle .
whether or not you like rush , he has a huge audience that needs to become part of a rand paul 2016 coalition .
correct vote , sorry you did not prevail with common sense .
it is now time to defund and trash obamacare !
this is the reason liberals are killing this country and if we don &apos;t stand together we will lose our constitution , culture , way of life , freedom , and our liberties .
u and ur same sex senator lindsey graham should just step down !
why are we letting these bastards dismantle our constitution ? ? ? ?
it gets rid of the income tax , replacing it with a retail sales tax on purchases above the poverty level .
getting rid of obamacare would be great , though .
you sure aren &apos;t listening to your constituents .
you should charge obama and kerry with treason !
what you are going to do is cost s.c. a republican seat because of all the people , like myself that will never vote for you again .
your support may be coming too late.so very disappointed the way you and others abandoned the american people months ago .
stupid govt spending !
thanks tim we like him
in addition , a third of young voters described themselves as &quot; liberal , &quot; while 41 % claimed they were moderate and 26 % said they were conservative .
now don &apos;t go there and act like a rino !
you agree with most everything he does &amp; says .
and a cr is not a budget .
obamacare is a tax , so just stop funding it !
i &apos;m voting for cruz .
they are the worst self serving bunch at the top .
i agree with rand paul &apos;s view on this , and i disagree with his father .
so thankful for your walk with our lord and your service , james .
republicans have offered and offered and offered alternatives to obamacare , so the suggestion that they haven &apos;t is either borne out of ignorance or childish denial .
kinda late .
thanks tom tillis for standing up for the babies that can &apos;t speak for themselves .
you have it absolutely right , sir .
an oppressive central government reigning over a stagnant economy where the only people who have wealth are in government .
this is a person asking him to do the job he pledged to do : serve and protect the constitution of the united states of america ... not &quot; obamaland &quot; !
he disrespects the american nation as we the people would like it to be .
go get them lee .
we no longer feel the need for the irs .
clearly this is an evil soviet plot to destroy the american way of life .
support ron paul for real change for the better .
in americans world you mccain bo and hillary are the real bad guys !
hopefully this one will not &quot; rubber stamp &quot; the obama agenda as the last .
but first secure the border .
trey gowdy upholds the constitution and laws of the land .
the press gives obama a pass for gafffes that would have sent them into seizures if bush had done exactly the same thing .
might be too little too late .
the next one ... reason : because he won &apos;t be mr. obama !
love lindsey graham .
wouldn &apos;t trust kerry or obummer in an outhouse with a muzzle on &amp; both hands tied behind their backs ! ! !
is it to late for america ?
oppose cloture on the cr .
you &apos;ll just cut back on another charitable donation which you have to give to keep your taxes down , and never know the difference .
rubio , politically , you &apos;re dead to me .
merry christmas and may god bless you in every way possible .
we have to start somewhere and the republicans are the only ones offering solutions to stop the spending , deficits and debt .
tn wins , and clemson , too !
another jerkoff mccain lmfao !
we need to think of ourselves as the owners of this great nation with the blood of the founders running thru our veins and the fresh blood of our children dripping from the constitution … our founding fathers with blessed resourcefulness … wan their struggle !
this is not brain surgery bob , we just need men and women in congress to stand up and do the right thing .
we need to cut the debt as well .
impeach the irs commissioner , for starters .
tell hhs they work for &quot; we the people &quot; we are not a monarchy yet ! ! !
praying with you diane ranker riesen
if congress would work to greatly reduce spending and eliminate debt we wouldn &apos;t even need to have this conversation .
now it &apos;s up to you to the republican party , to send him a bill .
so lets see mitch if you stick to this ! ! !
he could give a crap about the military or honor or duty or the constitution .
execute them if obama commites treason .
don &apos;t fund obamacare or raise the debt limit !
sorry for your loss trey gowdy .
use the authority that the constitution gives you .
president obama has no legal right to issue executive amnesty !
again , in case anyone wants a position running our federal government one day , you can start by looking at http : / / portmanforsale.com / .
only we are responsible for our actions , no one else is ...
stop the printing presses at the fed is one and two stop all the war propaganda with iran .
from ryan
shut up , mccain .
term limits , flat tax , same laws apply to house members as those of us you work for , fund your own retirement , no liftime pensions , salary , etc .
praying that we get these creeps out of office before it is to late
mr. mcconnell you clearly have lost the ability to make sound decisions .
lee , i will support the republican nominee .
you and lindsey need to put a leash on him !
if we &apos;re looking at the sequester , that doesn &apos;t cut spending but only slows the growth , as a &quot; tool &quot; to help reign in spending , we &apos;re gonners !
he has too much power .
so , amash ; you say that you are praying for the victims of terrorism in paris ; while you are aiding and abetting and funding bho &apos;s global terrorism agenda ; how do you square all of that hypocrisy in your mind ?
tom , you &apos;re right on with your numbers and explanation .
obama thinks he &apos;s helping the situation-fine !
sir , it is now time for you to sit down and be quite .
fox the more you watch the less you know ....
tsa and homeland security are redundant .
tim , this bill is all about giving small business owners more access to capital so they can expand and create jobs just like the ones you are talking about .
i pray god will bring the truth to the table !
do the people win or does the castro brothers win ?
yea im sure with harry reid , pelosi , shumer , obama , holder ur nicey nice common sense approach is going to make great strides to a stronger and freer future in america .
oh and how about that cloture vote for loretta lynch as ag .
i was a pro-choice democrat who became a pro-choice libertarian back in 2006 and i hate neocons , the religious right , and most republicans .
why don &apos;t you guys try to protect him for once and maybe just maybe we could take our country back from the tyranny that is barack obama .
agree waste of money .
oh , and vern good for you !
love rubio !
florina , jindal , perry and santorum did best covering all topics and graham was strongest on our national defense against iran and terrorist .
we are praying for you and your staff daily .
i pray that you and your fellow congress people will vote to protect us .
trey gowdy could win any race he chooses !
jerry your president is shipping 7 trillion tax dollars to africa .
when the president does it , it &apos;s not illegal .
not one of those immigrant sons would have thought about picking up another country &apos;s flag and waving it to represent who they were .
no statement from poe on akin ?
no thx erik- mitt in 2012. we can &apos; afford obama ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
senator lankford , our country needs men who lead like you .
we are also writing to your fellow members of the house and senate to stand in integrity with the constitution and against this present threat by the obama administration and his dhs .
east tn won &apos;t forget where you fell on this issue .
obama does not have the guts to go after them .
any republican that votes for amnesty should be challenged in a primary race .
are the tea party willing to vote on these bills that already set before them in congress ?
ugh ... we need to impeach this president , if we can !
he has no understanding of the american people , now i support a criminal investigation of the explosion , by a third party selected by the senate .
don &apos;t touch the taxation status of our retirement funds .
you lost me when u supported traitor boehner as speaker ,
push forward senator to dismantle the unaffordable obamacare and remove the irs penalties if one chooses they can &apos;t afford health insurance and should not be forced into it !
no rational government is going to get behind obama &apos;s farce of a fight .
the simple answer to your question is no ....
we need a flat tax johnny not what you &apos;re proposing .
show nc why we elected you .
if all of you in congress keep passing unconstitutional laws , we will defund all of you .
we want conservative change .
tom , please get a bill started in the house to stop the flow of our weapons to those who hate us , and hate israel .
john mccain is a tired , old , worthless member of the senate .
probably only fox news will report .
they should not infringe on our constitutional rights .
happy 4th of july to you and your beautiful family senator rubio ! !
despite the fact that it was passed during obama &apos;s administration , it is a conservative &apos;s response to fixing the holes in our healthcare system .
how do we begin proceedings to remove mccain and flake , let &apos;s get it going right away ?
many of the terrorist where illegal aliens .
there is no winter in south florida .
is there no way to stop this president from destroying our country ?
as long as one true southern patriot lives and remembers , the history will not be forgotten
good luck bruce .
must we , the people , take article ii , section 4 , and article iii , section 3 , of the us constitution into our own hands ?
you are talking the regular talk along with your democrates , paid by soros , clinton , obama , just don &apos;t know how to do anything but lie to everyone !
when one applies occam &apos;s razor theory , this election is simple : do you want a capitalist / smaller government or socialist big government ?
as hard working as trey gowdy is on this investigation , and as much as he wants the american people to know the truth , i feel as though hillary , obama , are going to just get away with this .
fiorina and cruz , hands down ! !
he is for immigration reform , but his parents came to america because they were given amnesty .
all talk and no action-why dont you have some guts like breitbart
congress needs to take away executive privileges quickly ! !
those guilty of indirectly causing the death of our benghazi heros should be punished .
agreed and these terrorist will make it a special point to attack americans
repeal 17th amendment .
the estate tax is not the enemy .
won puerto rico ! ! ! ! ! !
need term limits for all branches of gov .
obama has proven that .
cut off all funding to irs ....
i agree with sheila , not to mention free health care and all the other free stuff they will get .
i thought that the house was in charge of where and when our tax dollars are spent but it seems that this president has free reign of all our tax dollars .
i count agree more , mia !
what about her maid printing emails out ?
i am so disappointed in you john mccain.how can you support obamacare for the people who trusted you enough to vote for you .
this should have been done long ago .
there was nothing in her hearing that leads me to believe she is qualified and i urge you to reconsider your support for the students of nc and the country .
he can act dumb all he wants too , but i for one see through his lies !
sarcasm , marsha , sarcasm .... dit it ever work for you ?
please give me a break marco .
the entire congress needs to get their act together or all of you need to go home and we start all over .
we now have republican leadership staffers meeting with president obama and we must make sure that our leadership , no matter how spineless they are , stands strong with the conservative movement .
kudos to you and rep. graves .
and , how can you live with yourself knowing you are endangering your own constituents lives and our slowly recovering economy in your &quot; crusade &quot; to defund the affordable care act .
the idaho voters can be trusted to &quot; exercise &quot; their voting privileges as an &quot; individual &quot; .
health care with no federal controls .
obama has our nation in trouble that will take many years to correct !
mia love is and will be a part of the problem in dc- she stated she would have still voted for that crapass betrayal of veterans budget even after the firestorm it &apos;s caused .. she is not listening to her constituents already .
yes , we keep the bush tax rates and no more estate tax and no new spending .
praying for our country and all of our leaders as we head into the elections .... no matter what happens in november , however , we must remember , god is still in control .
make the case that only by replacing president obama and the senate majority with constitutionally conservative leaders will america prosper again .
well a late happy birthday , james .
yes , the healthcare market is broken , but it was government interference that broke it .
obamacare is a disaster for america .
we have more illegal immigrants thanks to our immigration policies .
obviously you have never lived under a dictator .
our thoughts &amp; ideas as conservatives &amp; liberals as separate is simply history repeating itself , its all by design for the sheeple .
you have been wrong so many times , sir , but you have never been wronger .
it &apos;s time mr congressman to take the fight to white house and get that muslim terrorist out of office before he does anymore damage
well , it is a little late for that .
well that would get rid of all of them !
here &apos;s the fact : kim davis is not in jail because she failed to correctly interpret kentucky law .
mr. goodlatte , you &apos;d have to be comatose to miss your complete and utter lack of support here .
oklahoma will become a jobless state like california , i seen it in california , obama wants to give illigals jobs ?
mitt romney could hammer obama on this in the next debate and there is nothing obama could say to defend himself .
i want a showdown of impeachment
just hope we won &apos;t be on the receiving end if any of the ammo &amp; guns the dhs is hoarding for our &quot; engagement &apos;s ! !
rand , i love how you conducted yourself at the hearings for the nominees .
i was very disappointed in senator roberts and tim h. never can remember his name .
you sellout , pos , chamber of commerce rino .
lindsey , you are as trustworthy as obama .
i noticed this does not say it does not fund planned parenthood ... it says it does not fund abortions at planned parenthood ? ? ?
go and get them lindsey we need the trurh ... george
he is a fraud and a traitor .
we lowly americans are fortunate to have rep. gowdy to speak and listen to us !
it appears to me mr. crapo that most of your voting constituents do not want this approved .
give them hell mia !
@ the american concerns committee : you &apos;re right .. and not only that , but did you know that our aid to israel and egypt combined is totaled more than our amount of aid given to all other countries combined ? ?
i saw you tonight on huckabee , i will say that sc knows how to pick &apos;em ! ! !
do we want to risk more u.s. soldiers to murder at the hands of illegal alien gang members who reid wants recruited by the pentagon ?
are they going to call for the american flag to be removed .
repeal the ndaa , also repeal the patriot act !
maybe it &apos;s time for a new revolution to replace the king we have acquired .
sir we are mad and we will settle for nothing less than your full support on protecting the 2nd amendment !
raise the debt ceiling and resolve this madness now
it is crazy to make the castro brothers wealthier !
our goverment is teaching our young people wrong ! !
congratulations senator paul , go get em ! !
go marsha go ! !
washington needs to get out of our pockets and out of our lives .
if its against the constitution he should be impeached .
marco rubio -sir you are not a natural born citizen .
obamacare is the law and a president don &apos;t have the power to just change a law or delay a law .
we need to get out now and get conservative people registered and tell them to vote in the next election 2014 it is so important ..
when are you going to vote to impeach obama ?
you do what you need to do tim scott !
too bad y &apos;all went thinking that when he first took office 7 yrs ago ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
no how she likes those apples lol he loves his children and helps them very much he is loving father it sounds like .
lets stop talking about this corrupt administration and do something about it before america is no more .
in order to protect our liberty and ensure a free nation for the next generations , we must remove obama and his entire administration and replace them with limited government that sticks to the constitution .
run ben .
i was starting to think rand had some brains , but to go on limbergers show that &apos;s stupid .
congressman , we need to get rid of common core all together .
republican party is holding all of america hostage in an unprecendented move .
my husband and i can not afford to participate in obamacare .
it actually requires a person to go without insurance for 6 months before they can apply and then even be eligible to purchase private insurance at what will be $ 1000 or more a month .
senator graham - something must be done to be sure - and i applaud you and the entire &quot; gang of eight &quot; for this effort .
her record notwithstanding , her inability to answer simple education-related questions during the hearing was a major red flag for me and many other people you represent .
it is with the people of this country and the principles and values of our founding fathers .
we need a person like rubio in the whitehouse not a community organizer
keeping emanuel ame church , charleston , and south carolina in my prayers .
nice work lindsey !
make sure to vote no on any federal aid to west virginia .
is this a true statement of yours sir ?
i want someone in the conservative movement like limbaugh who says what i think - but communicated in person from someone like reagan .
the president has an excellent understanding of the constitution .
we need a complete do over and go back to being constitutional country .
our southern border is being over run right now and ice can do nothing to stop it , tens of thousands of undocumented people are coming in , how many are terrorist , how many will be voting in the next election .
yes his a stupid person i mean james pater .
do south carolina proud .
stop illegals !
that &apos;s cause obama is the leader of isis .
david , david , david , when the executive branch fails to do it &apos;s job , someone must do it .
he wants to be known as the president who closed gitmo , beecause he wants to .
you exemplify our utah values .
all i can say is go get them mr .
i bet your daddy wouldve signed an impeachment document .
if the flag is taken down because a handful of people don &apos;t know its real meaning , what &apos;s next ?
well done on your questioning , mr lankford !
that &apos;s curious , thom tillis ... my premiums went up every year before the aca !
president obama is the most brilliant , most effective and most honorable president we have ever had .
please reject the un treaty convention on the rights of persons with disabilities ( crpd )
i hope you are tried for treason .
i agree , mia - you be our voice , and that baby &apos;s voice !
don &apos;t vote for any tax increase unless there is at least 3 to 1 real spending cuts .
2016 ... president marco rubio ... a symphony to the ear .
we could sure use more men like you , to help us take our country back .
i supported you in sc but now , after seeing that you actually think you stand a chance on the national stage , i realize your just a quack .
the way it actually works is if a person or family qualifies , they get 100 % of the money they paid in for income tax back ( and here &apos;s the kicker ! ! ! )
under this regime , our troops should be either in to win it or stay at home and secure our homeland .
what i really don &apos;t understand is why congress is allowing this man to continually get away with doing things that go against the constitution .
did ya &apos;ll not listen to the oath he took ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
she &apos;s qualified because she donates millions to the republican party and the trump campaign , at least you and lamar could be honest .
rand paul and zionist racist rachel maddow www.youtube.com / watch ? v = ym _ t9vn7uk0 israel is evil , zionist jews are evil , even christians and politicians who support zionist jews and israel over america are evil !
almost all scools in oklahoma have cops stationed in them .
the irs didnt do this alone .
we love you mia ♥
vicky was voted in by the people that want a better government and less spending and waste of our dollars .
there are congressmen with solutions , but barry won &apos;t meet with them , because he &quot; doesn &apos;t like to meet with those guys &quot; .
in god we trust and god bless america .
using this vehicle for your arrogant view is why this was not a good candidacy .
trump is gonna drain the swamp , and little marco will be one of the first to go .
we need a president who will not fly the rainbow flag from government buildings .
gowdy is all mouth !
so @ congress member mia love are you advocating that &quot; law abiding us citizens should be able to &apos; defend themselves &apos; against violent attackers .... rogue cops ?
yet republicans will not give up on the misguided and frankly pathetic attempt to repeal it &#91; to the tune of 58 million tax dollars and 40 wasted votes &#93; .
earlier this month , mccain criticized trump &apos;s high-flying presidential candidacy for &quot; firing up the crazies . &quot;
it makes no common sense !
invite trey gowdy to speak .
we would like to see the constitution restored : 1 ) &lt; www.change.org / petitions / president-asif-ali-zardari-her-excellency-sherry-rehman-president-obama-free-dr-shakeel-afridi-and-allow-him-to-come-to-the-usa-with-his-family &gt; .
why don &apos;t they fuss about santa claus or the elf on the shelf nope just about christian beliefs .
no no no ! ! ! ! ! !
people voted for obama because they liked his pretty face not for his policies .
close the border too !
as a constitutional lawyer you must know that article 3 section 3 of our constitution states that giving aid and comfort to a sworn enemy of the united states is an illegal act .
i still hate dhs and see nothing good from them and i want them abolished .
i do not agree with sen. paul &apos;s wording , but i do not agree with yours marco .
a big merry christmas to you and family mr trey gowdy .
is paul ryan suddenly growing a set of cojones ?
we the people of the state of tennessee demand you do your job and represent the people .
our family is praying for you and all our leaders !
don &apos;t give up mr gowdy , this administration and secretary clinton needs to be held responsible for her / their dispicable actions .
you sir , and i use that term loosely , are the biggest embarrassment in california politics , and should be in jail for your wrong doings , and impeached by your peers , for your incessant waste of government resources , chasing down phony scandal after phony scandal .
this country is out of control and will cave in if order and common sense is not restored .
dear family and friends , fidel castro life is proof that evil can come to power , and reign and suppress freedom .
this can be fixed if we primary every incumbent in congress who does not reflect our values and replace them with men and women who do .
i do think trump will need help and hopefully you will be able to do this for him ; i am sure paul ryan will not .
yet you and the other establishment - do nothing to stop this madness ! ! !
it is overstepping absolutely nothing .
i do agree with trump on illegal immigration , but he is irrational on so many issues and dangerous and stupidly moronic on senator mccain .
i agree but will the congressmen do anything to stop the illegals from crossing the border .
already voted for you tom .
senator mccain , i join with others urging you to stand up for what is right , for what is what our country is about .
rubio is the empty-seat senator .
praying for you right now !
they owe us a big apology before we stick our necks out to help them !
secure the border and enforce our existing immigration laws .
we need to stop any tax money going to egypt .
repeal without a replacement that is at least as good as aca is premeditated murder .
going for unlimited terms and dictatorship .
he &apos;ll hide the fact that he wants to raise taxes , he &apos;ll deny that the government has a spending problem , he &apos;ll blame all his woes on republicans and the tea party .
i am tired of our elected sitting on their butts and doing nothing but kissing obomas butt all , of you in congress and senate should resign in disgrace and pay back every dime y &apos;all have gotten while in office and loose all benefits
just send those illegals back to their own country along with those that dont want to be here in the us or respect our nation which includes the constitution stomping president , and save money for our military that has been weakened considerably by your inefficiencies !
it seems the bush era wars just made more enemies for the us .
congress needs to get much more proactive on our debts .
christie can &apos;t even control his own weight .
we have to cut our debt and spending here , genius .
yet you mr gowdy back rubio who is soft on immigration .....
three ; no more us money for illegals , healthcare , education , welfare , food stamps ,
it is nice to be around other conservative people !
also arrest all politicians aiding or funding illegals .
senator mccain you have my utmost respect sir .
several pharmacies have the $ 4 plan &amp; have for several years , here in the states .
only reason i voted for mccain , other than i thought then and still think now obama is a socialist , was sarah palin !
in the meantime , defunding and repealing the law currently in place will just cause chaos .
i cannot believe you have let the traitors in washington ( including your self now ) !
i know it bruce , i know ir
marco are you claiming to be a principled conservative ?
please defund planned parenthood and scrap the iran deal .
despite obama claiming he would not use the provisions to incarcerate u.s. citizens , it was his administration that specifically demanded these powers be included in the final ndaa bill .
isn &apos;t there any power left in congress to stop a president who is obviously trying to destroy our country ?
oklahoma is poised to be a leader in green manufacturing technology , oil is going to run out eventually , unfortunately by the time we realized the catastropic effects of the abuse of fossil fuels , the senator will have died of old age .
dang rand , going all out to get elected .
i am glad you are doing this but if you and the other republicans had not voted with harry reid to fund obamacare , we may not be at this point !
you &apos;ll hear arguments about total dollars spent , per capital spending , per student spending , and education spending measured against gross domestic product .
my senator tim scott would vote no on syria .
obama is proof he was right !
they have the ruling capability to impeach him .
your late
i wrote trey gowdy .
not only no , but hell no to raising the debt ceiling .
well it congress would arrest obama and through out his socialist administration everything would get back to normal in just a little while .... maybe ..... but this is a bad bill please vote to block it ........
let &apos;s get rid of him , obama and obamacare
one positive thing : obama &apos;s closing down guantanamo .
bruce gets my vote .
proverbs 16 : 9 i think james lankford steps have been determined !
cut the budget or shut it down !
marsha you probably think you have your finger on the pulse of america but you don &apos;t .
amnesty is the problem !
scott , i work at wal-mart , i am the poor .
thanks congressman coffman for looking out for us
i cannot believe that you refuse to see how remarkably unqualified mrs. devos is for the job she will now hold .
tom , how bad will uga beat the gamecocks this year ?
my father was on one of the first ships to land in nagasaki after the bomb .
we could get the budget and debt under control if we would cut all aid to other countries and all the free give away programs
well , done , mia !
i see fox news is still giving you air time to say your sorry for your comments about paul and cruz !
they do not like your shut down of the economy or your refusal to raise the debt ceiling !
fact : if we eliminated the entire government cost - we still could not balance the &apos; budget &apos; !
politicians like you voting to cut veterans benefits and not having the guts to cut government spending .
this is an unconstitutional act ...... executive orders are not the law ..... they are to support the current law on the books .
thanks would like to have enough more like you to put our fiscal house back in order .
here &apos;s the thing lindsey , this is a civil rights issue , not a religious one .
oh if anything can be done , strike down every executive order obama puts out that would help so much !
it is my opinion the federal government should cut back by 20-40 % each year until the debt is paid off .
the only thing broken about our immigration laws - is the fact that they are not enforced and government keeps allowing lines to be fudged .
may god bless you and your family mr. gowdy .
he can &apos;t do as he pleases when ever he wants .
congress should put sanctions on the countries that voted for this item .
tell them sen tim scott !
y &apos;all are delusional if you think reid and the president are to blame for the gridlock .
lets go ron paul !
i guess any question of you voting on principle is pretty much answered .
so impeach the idiot !
let them protect our country instead of some rat hole .
why didn &apos;t obama put a stop to that !
you just lost my vote in the primaries .
kai give it a rest this country can not stand another year of this mess you liberals spout .
mia , you are spot on !
common sense would dictate starting with every one of you politicians taking a big pay cut for failing the american voters who elected you each to do a job you have failed to do .
the folks stand with israel .
defund obamacare entirely !
this cannot happen if &quot; we the people &quot; stand up for our rights , which start with keeping our guns .
we need more trey gowdys in office , but still consider myself lucky to at least have one .
america is sinking fast !
obama is bringing the enemy onto our shores ; to our doorsteps .
we the people are behind you mr .
defund obamacare and all unnecessary spending we are being taxed to death oh wait there is a death tax .
ha , ha , ha , ha ... the person who chose sarah palin as a running mate endorsing paul ryan as vp ; now that &apos;s funny !
if any answer is no you don &apos;t go .
we are a year into a republican majority in both houses and the only thing that is getting accomplished is that we are being played for fools .
but seriously , we need action on the part of congress to stop this arrogant president and his illegal fiats ! !
i thought that was uncalled for , you could have said &quot; no &quot; to anything the tyrant obama wanted you to do !
they now have proof obama does not even have a birth cert .
he is one of a handful who has fought tooth and nail to stop obamacare .
boehner is not with us .
the ryan plan certainly wouldn &apos;t do anything to help with filing taxes .
no compromise with the dumbocrats
one of the richest men saying we have to help the poor more even though he and the vatican hasn &apos;t done anything about it .
senator mccain you do know we are a constitutional republic not a democracy ?
no true republican should have voted for this .... what the government should have done is enforce the current laws .
jaime , stand firm and defund obamacare ! ! !
obama is setting his people free
it is time you start to listen to your constituents .
her only skill set is donating millions to republican candidates and harvesting our tax money for charter schools .
this is all true what y &apos;all have said but saying it on here is getting nothing done write letters to ourcongressmen push it if it &apos;s pushed hard and long enough something &apos;s got to be done
yeah so why hasn &apos;t obama been arrested ?
a flat tax should do it , not to mention a balanced budget amendment .
in large numbers we are saying no to devos .
despite the difference in ideology , oklahomans should welcome the president .
we also live in north carolina and insist you do not vote for the fla
re-introducing the us into cuba instead of sticking with ineffective , outdated policies is what &apos;s best for both countries &apos; best interests and american interests in the region .
try 42 million on for size .... that &apos;s closer to the actual number of illegals hiding inside our borders .
have a blessed thanksgiving sir
you haven &apos;t been able to win within a more conservative environment than today .
go to his web site and read what his policies are , they are sound and they are conservative .
dont even vote for boehner for speaker ! !
conservatives need to take the lead in everything going on in the senate and house .
while we were all focused on the deserter &amp; terrorists obama released , the house of representatives passes bill , enables restriction of 2nd amendment right .
the tea party nation opposed any raise to the debt ceiling .
trey gowdy for attorney general in trump &apos;s administration .
our home won &apos;t watch the announcement of more debt and taxes .
please put your children and your people of sc ahead of party obligations .
the gop controlled house &amp; senate as well as gop leadership accepts everything the muslim in chief wants to do ... why you ask ? .... because they are scared to go up against a black muslim in today &apos;s political correct america ..... gop---grow a pair ! ! ! ! ! !
nooooooooo lindsey big mistake 11 / 6 / 2018
and inevitably , the most pain is inflicted on the most undeserving citizens , and certainly the most conservative programs .
what is taking so long to get this dictator impeached ?
rubio seems to be the last principled conservative left .
i wonder if he will use the same pen reagan used ? ? ?
i agree that talk without action by congress is becoming a joke .
shutting down the government is a heroic thing in light of impending socialized medicine that we have been force fed .
flat tax and scott i have a question .
you should step down sir and hand the leadership position to someone with some loyalty
your colleague congressman mark sanford does a great job penning insightful and informative posts , explaining the issue and why he cast his vote as he did .
i was told by one of his staffers that he would vote on what his constituents were telling him .
well , if &quot; o &quot; and the irs keep their books in this sloppy a manner , i sure don &apos;t want them in control of my health care !
next .... obliterate obamacare .
thank senator enzi , for voting no on cloture .
.we need some more like you that will fight for us all ... i am behind and beside u all the way mr rand paul ..
we raised 5 and never had enough money to keep in the bank , but sure would have appreciated somebody protecting our kids .
he is making up powers he does not have and it &apos;s time to take him and ho chi kerry to the woodshed .
the protection of idaho citizens from an over-reaching federal government would be better served , imo , by limiting the power of all executive branch agencies that ignore the concept that government is to protect the life , liberty , and property of it &apos;s citizens first , and then apply basic environmental management ?
i seriously hoped i would not hear the same old same old , but sigh as he starts whittling away on our constitutional rights and plans ( while telling the world ) to do nothing .
randy weber ( r-texas ) daniel webster ( r-fla . ) ted yoho ( r-fla . )
i &apos;m a former public school teacher and a mom of three girls in public school in ga. i &apos;m terribly disappointed that you &apos;re supporting devos .
if she gets in the whitehouse we will have ananother err fourv years of executive actions , lying and taking away our constitutional rights .
the dems did raise the debt ceiling in 2009 and 2010 while they controlled all of washington .
mr. gowdy , i have been watching you .
we understand the rules of the senate and if you vote for cloture , you are voting to fund obamacare !
those people have been fighting since cain n able and there is nothing we can do to stop them !
you , sir , and your good friend sen mccain should be ashamed .
and pass an immigration bill .
you seeing correct tom
your a really big dreamer tom .
paul ryan he did not need you and , the republican party is , ashamed of you
so , essentially , one sixth of the people want what he wants .
a lot of bluster and bold talk , followed by caving to obama and comprising with an anti-american traitor !
that &apos;s what the president does and right wingers as well ... argue and argue ... gets us no where fast .... mia is right on point .
obama is going to give us all free stuff !
some of us have read mccain &apos;s and graham &apos;s press releases .
look at mccain he is going to loose just like you and a few more that was all talk in 2012 and handed obama everything he wanted , your only hope is trump gets elected and saves you bunch of backstabbing suppose to be republicans .
merry christmas mr. gowdy thanx for all your hard work lookin forward to see what you do next year : )
you lost my respect and my vote when you went after rand !
ask them how they could possibly think letting terrorists have money and access to nukes is in the best interest of the us and especially israel .
good luck rand paul fans , depending how the political winds shift i could still go with paul as well .
i have gotten a doctorate level course on bold face lying from your professor mcclintock .
the flag is part of history and is our heritage whether you like it or not .
so , ben , i volunteer until a better candidate steps forward .
they will not serve peanuts on the flight the next time his wife goes on an expensive vacation overseas .
if you can &apos;t pass a budget for five years , you don &apos;t read massive entitlement legislation before you pass it and you run $ 16 trillion in debt , by all means close down the government .
mr mccain bring auto weapons with you thanks a old marine and patriot thanks john for your service
obama relies on a following who believes in his promises since he has little experience .
if obama administration wouldn &apos;t of pulled out are military troops we would not have this problem !
but , having the federal government choose one source over another has and will continue to restrict the free market .
mccain &amp; graham are being childish jerks !
congress is responsible for what obama does .
that he hates america &quot; .....
you are forcing us to listen to doug left over at ksl .
i truly think all the liberals nowadays think they are above the constitution , god and our country ! !
i will appeal to your better judgment though- betsy devos is not qualified for the office to which she is nominated please rand don &apos;t send the message that these vital cabinet positions are for sale to the highest donor !
can you explain your giving in on the spending bill ?
states and especially wyoming .
thanks for being for the people rand paul .
i am not against immigration reform but i do believe we need to secure our border .
i want increased taxes to balance the federal budget , not your bloviating .
impeach impeach impeach impeach impeach !
they will go on welfare and we will get to pay for them that way .
if you want to stop the flow , cut off the money .
how about jerry brown ?
i agree these children need to be helped , but can the texas health and educational systems handle the extra load ?
and we remember how you and roberts rejected aid to hurricane sandy victims ....
to little to late ryan .
shouldn &apos;t american taxpayers hv priority over illegals ? ?
believe it or not ... there are black people that cant stand obama and think he &apos;s the worst thing to ever happen yo america !
just defund the entire agency .
especially a mistake made because someone didn &apos;t think !
praying for you and your soul .
we have to stand our ground and let these non believers know we will bow to no one but our heavenly father .
besides , i purchased a rubio t-shirt and hoodie and would like to get my money &apos;s worth , lol .
i would say , &quot; god have mercy upon our nation &quot; , but our supreme court and government has esssentially thrown god and jesus out of our government , military , schools , public areas etc .
you must not understand the big picture on sending aid to egypt .
what about going after clapper , rice and whoever else for aiding and abetting the enemy .
the masses of republican voters will start their own party and do away with all you cowards , liars .
paul ryan has helped hillary clinton win .
our current white house administration is an embarrasement .
so , while you &apos;re thinking the communist way is all peaches and cream , look at what the real cost will be ...
why are you not asking the administration why his plan is crashing , literally ?
this is a horrible bill fred , and you know it ... here &apos;s one of the budget gimmicks fred upton just voted for ... http : / / heritageaction.com / 2013 / 12 / doc-fix-another-massive-budget-gimmick /
congress cannot impeach trump over this and besides over half the governors 31 i believe voted for it .
that is what he wants .
please do rand - you and a few other are our last hope !
conservatives will have to find some processes to muck up &amp; leverage on the level of a super bowl to compete .
the constitution has been eroded for far too long .
so everyone of us better be really to meet the lord at all times because a lot will have a rude of awakening when it is all said and done and after finding out what is really in that plan of his ! ! !
we lose again because the republican party cannot unite and get things done ! !
hang in there and put a stop to these politicians that are on a spending spree !
merry christmas , and god bless you .
as he said he voted to fund the unlawful immigration executive order before voting against it this particular time , after he gave away all reasonable chance of getting a positive outcome away .
i thought for sure oklahoma would stand with rand but
vern , you &apos;re an idiot !
the contract with the fed is up get rid of it and the irs make history and stop the bank scandals .
no betsy devos
first the republican party needs to get rid of a traitor like ryan .
it &apos;s your duty to the house and to the republican party !
keep the faith tim .
he is above the law , or so he thinks , and needs to have legal action taken against him .
you may represent the people of texas in the house , but you truly represent all who follow jesus christ .
mia this is a terrible deal , please oppose it with everything you have .
the overreach and unaccountable authority of the epa needs to be addressed .
we republicans must stand strong against this nut president , our party will unify if we keep our word !
rand paul and ted cruz will win this fight
tom , i agree but you people have got to quit talking and do something immediately .
and this was supposed to be the savior of the conservative movement ?
noticing that jesus had given them a good answer , he asked him , &quot; of all the commandments , which is the most important ? &quot;
i hope this endorsement is not too little too late !
sorry ; you are not seeing christian with fruits that resemble what jesus told us to do .
voting no !
support our constitution !
the way you hold true to your policies rand i would never call you the nasty things i &apos;ve been calling obama and feinstine .
to repeal all the damage congress did in 2012
hey great job voting for boehner for speaker again .. good to know you &apos;re still a establishment lackey .
i sure wish america would wake up to what they are allowing to happen to this country .
go get em marco and get yourself ready for a run for the president of the united states !
god bless you rand paul !
we &apos;ll hear more of the typical rhetoric and the rino barking seals will be clapping as bi-partisan puppets .
absolutely - a national sales tax would also help to collect $ $ from foreign tourists , illegals , &amp; when people use ill-gotten $ $ to make purchases
i am a conservative through and through , but we need to lead the way instead of bringing up the &quot; rear &quot; , especially with regards to immigration .
i wish that senator roberts had provided better support to senator coburn when year after year senator coburn would release reports of tens of billions of dollars in waste and abuse that could be easily reclaimed while senators from both parties completely ignored him , including tea party members .
liked two parts cut regulations in agriculture , and improve education other wise he wanted to sign bill so he can keep spending .
i would suggest that you start looking for a condo to buy in key west , you queen .
i truly hope that conservatives don &apos;t get so discouraged they give up the ship .
a little late to the party ehhhh speaker ...
morsi and and blind middle easter man were supposed to be swapped .
however , the ultimate goal of obamacare is to make things so bad that socialized medicine will be seen as the only remaining alternative .
senator mccain jumped the gun in making this statement .
ms devos has no education experience to warrant her being approved for such a position .
praying jesus gives you comfort and peace as you spend each precious minute with your baby that you are able to .
you , cruz , and trey are my all time favorites .
if i recall correctly , it was the republican ronald reagan that changed us from &apos; tax and spend &apos; to &apos; borrow and spend &apos; .
even though i do not currently live in south carolina , i was born there and support you to represent our state .
senator paul , look who is calling you that .
real clear politics bill o &apos;reilly grilled republican presidential candidate marco rubio on what his policy will be on illegal immigration and immigration in general .
shut up marsha , you cackling idiot .
love how christie keeps giving me more reasons to never vote for him as president !
they know he is a bad guy and they elected representatives to take care of that issue and the reps are not doing much about it and they can &apos;t do anything about it so the point becomes mute .
gitmo would be appropriate !
yeah jeff , lets keep giving billions of dollars--which we can &apos;t afford to keep doing--to foreign countries because our president has stopped deep water drilling .... while at the same time giving us tax dollars to foreign companies to drill offshore .... figure that one out .
ty trey , we need more in congress like you sir .
she was a true conservative .
he hates this country .
and , for our elected officials in the republican party to start doing the will of the people .
brandi why are ashamed of ted cruz ?
as a young hispanic i feel that there &apos;s a negative image about the republican party among the hispanic community , we need to change that !
there is no longer any doubt that obama is an enemy of the state and every congressman that votes along with obama should all be considered enemies of the state .
may god bless you for what you are trying to do .
one more item the president is protected for the rest of his life if he wants it .
what can a good patriot do , vote ? ? ?
mia , i really don &apos;t know why you would post this kind of message .
so because congress can &apos;t get anything else done ... politicians create problems just so they can fix them ... that way it looks like something is being done ... how about we talk about tax reform ?
he will sell our guys out , you watch .
as a republican since i was 18 and voted for ronald reagan i can come here and let my opinion of his decision be known and i hope he takes it to heart because i mean no ill will toward him .
impeachment will never make it through the senate &amp; quire frankly is too good for them at this point .
mike coffman i am proud that you are my representative , keep up a good work , and as you got my vote .
reagan 👏 👏 👏
trey get them all .
no doubletalk !
please grow a spine and vote down the horribly unqualified devos
obama hates this country and everything it has stood for .
yet they are as often the town grows up around it or grows toward it as in tee case of west texas .
our enemies need no excuse to attack us , they hate us because of what we are , not what we do .
not asking you to confirm , just do what we sent you up there to do , vote yes or no !
marco you and the rest in the house and senate have the power to keep them out of our country .
i agree but good luck with a majority vote from the spineless republican majority .
neither nixon nor clinton did half as much as our current president is and has done against our constitution ; and impeachment process was started .
libertarian philosophy .
congratulations one your new conservative addition .
if people don &apos;t know if obama loves this country it is because the press has not done thier job of telling the truth !
please impeach this mad man , he is clearly looking to incite a &quot; war &quot; with isil so he and putin can &quot; take the oil &quot; .
revealed : holder says president could authorize military drone strikes inside u.s. in emergency ... this morning , sen. rand paul ( r-ky . ) told glenn beck &apos;s radio team that he had some new information about the u.s. government &apos;s drone program — information that some individuals might find troubling .
they believe selling out america and christianity is the jizya tax they must pay to be good dhimmi-rats .
the problem with republicans is all they offer is to run bloated government better .... tom get rid of the bloated government programs and departments .... tort reform , portability , and pre-existing conditions are the things everybody wants and it shouldn &apos;t take anymore than three paragraphs to get it done .
took the words right out of my mouth bruce , lol
mia , i wish we had more people like you to represent us .
if you think his agenda is done when he &apos;s out of the wh you &apos;re very niev .
today you appoint an unqualified party donor to the highest ranking government position in education , you &apos;re a coward .
i hope you do the right thing for our children and vote no for betsy devos .
absolutely he is responsible fot the mess over there !
the supreme court ruled that the government cannot force anyone to buy insurance under the &apos; commerce clause &apos; .
i believe that obamacare will be the biggest disaster for this country .
there are alot of interviews with rand out there and i suggest you try to watch with an open mind and see that , although you may not agree with his approach , he firmly believes in equal rights for all people .
trey gowdy definitely needs to be in the donald j. trump cabinet when he becomes the 45th president of the usa patriots for donald trump , women for trump
very proud of ted cruz , mike lee !
mia love you suck !
lol we love jesus and we love you mr. gowdy !
i think you need to read the constitution , bill of rights , and the declaration of independence .
obama sent a fleet of f16 &apos;s to eygpt .
black jihadist flag flies over christian town of maaloula - syrian rebels murdered catholics &amp; hebrews for refusing to convert to islam , forcing young children into jihad death squads then joked about it .
the trust in our government is gone .
senator scott - i am just sorry that you have to subject yourself to the liar in chief tonight , and stay quiet &amp; respectful the entire time .
we want people who do what we the people put in in office and pay them for .. not anymore damn elitist like sen. mc cain and others .. it is time for alot of them to go.i cringe when i see them bending over for obama , heck , they dont even ask for vaseline .
he &apos;s also guilty of scaring the elderly by saying socsec checks may not be forthcoming , military benefits reduced and canceling the easter egg roll on the south lawn .
yeah well sir what about the fact that some government employees are not getting paid but all of you are .
try sending a clean cr over and not pr stunts .
his cloture vote will help to bypass the fillibuster before it starts ... won &apos;t it , senator rino ?
reagan forever ! ! !
mia , i dont live in utah .
ryan should be speaker of the house ....
if anyone can wake up the senate , it is rand paul
obama , reid and pelosi will not allow that
you know that paycheck that you cash every week is not signed by the republican party .
let us remember that it was not this president who caused this problem and that george bush also tried to shut down guantanamo .
the one votes for this b / sh come vote time vote them out they dont care selling out american i said you vote for thiis your out of here
bruce poliquin for president !
cut off his funding or is that too hard for the spineless rinos ?
south carolinians have long memories , just go ask david beasley ...
can anyone who is intellectually honest say obama , pelosi , reid or any other current &quot; liberal &quot; in dc is liberal ?
james , we here in oklahoma appreciate your work and we &apos;ll pray for you .
vern , i have already renounced my citizenship due to the * treason * observable by congress and the white house .
fair tax now
please vote no for john boehner !
really lost my support on this one paul ryan .
i think we should keep the stand for liberty going .
like you follow the will of the people tim scott !
obama will replace two or three supreme courts justices and our goose is cooked !
mr. gowdy - people need to get arrested for leaking information , and for rioting and causing riots .
the epa should be abolished or brought under the control of the congress .
impeach this mother now .
as a lifelong texas-born republican , i demand that you resign your post with the texas government .
it says obama can &apos;t piss off his muslim buddies in the mid east who &apos;s selling us oil by getting it cheaper and faster from canada !
holder &amp; obama would make sure of that .
do not need obamacare , all say let it fail on its own , because it will but then why even put it through ? !
mr. tom mcclintock we are going dowm that dangerous road because our congerssmen / woman will not stand up to obama .
anyone hear about the state of ga filing suit against bho for fraudulent ss cards and illegal bc .
call senator crapo office : 202 224-6142 ( be ready for a 3 minute wait ) 😒
give &apos; em what for , tim .
you are a true patriot and i believe that you will one day lead this great nation .
if you vote yes you are a traitor !
you are not a patriot sir !
lets not forget senator you are supposed to work for the people of tennessee not our worthless president .
accountability to the principles we swore to uphold .
go get em lee
if mccain is for it , watch ur back .
ah yes a journey to fox where everything you say will be true and magical .
anne : dan scott , barely a week ago i heard you railed for two hours about independence .
praying for you , your husband and your tiny blessing .
and , yes , john thune for president !
when and where is your next town hall meeting ?
rand , you have much more pull than we do , figure out a way to stop this administration and we will all gladly support you !
bring home the win rand !
it hurts to see all the elected not stand behind someone the people wanted .
defund all the things ! ! !
and judges most certainly need term limits !
obama hasn &apos;t in 4 years and needs to know feb 1 has already went by do his job .
watch for a lot of promotions , especially at the irs .
take action and get our military to detain obama under charges of treason .
not sure why we watched except to know when all goes south we can says we actually heard him say it .
obamacare was passed by the congress of the us &amp; ratified by the us supreme court ( hardly a liberal bastion ) .
tell us what your plan for tonight is , while the lawbreaker-in- chief is destroying the constitution ?
trey gowdy do not give up on this issue and let the chips fall where they may ..
republicans need to understand that voting 40 + times to repeal it is not what the american people want .
my aim is not to pass laws , but to repeal them .
now to start work of congress making the laws and regulations , not setting a framework and then sending stuff to bureaucrats to make laws and regulations .
please support se , rand paul in cutting off foreign aid to egypt , libya and pakistan !
given that we don &apos;t have the ability to enforce damages from pollution using existing law , we instead go with regulation .
dear : marco rubio my name is saviel pena and i am a special needs resident of kissimmee , florida i come to you today to bring to light some of the issues that i have noticed with parking spaces for the disabled in the florida region .
i totally agree with the congressman , and must say ... i am watching congressman louie gohmert speak on the house floor about the attacks , and these two ( barton and gohmert ) texas congressman are both awesome .... imho .
obama persists in executive overreach , the courts mostly uphold his decisions , and the republican congress is doing nothing to stop him .
trey gowdy , i see you as a man of integrity .
trey gowdy where is libya &apos;s gold ?
i can only hope that some of your principles will rub off on the washington state representatives and senators .
it is a matter of national security and he is a serious threat to that security .
@ lee .
and that sure tells you what your fellow elected officials believe about cutting the budget means .
all he , and for that matter the republican congress , has done is tried unsuccessfully to repeal the affordable care act .
impeach him then .... he is a law breaker .
another reason for the cr is to prevent the reducing of unnecessary spending .
have the speaker start impeachment paperwok if the president defies it .
reverse evert executive order now and usher him out of the white house immediately to jail !
senator bob corker , as we say around here ... with all due respect , you are completely out of touch with your constituents and will be removed from office at the next possible opportunity .
the best way to attack this law is to strictly enforce it to the letter .
he has far overstepped the authority of the executive branch and has not been called on it .
god is great isnt he , congrats james
did pray for your friend .
he &apos;s pretty good he just needs more of a push to be on the same page as you and dr. paul .
he wants more taxes so he can fund the unfundable obamacare .
type in &quot; is marco rubio eligible to be president . &quot;
does what they &apos;re told like good little communist .
well tim what is your plan ? ? ?
so congressman mo brooks , when is the right time to take a stand and fight ?
i knew that the people in ky made the right choice by electing rand into the senate .
well said james crawford
john , do you think bo will continue to take us down the primrose path to hell ?
if you don &apos;t support the gop nominee then don &apos;t be surprised when you lose in the next primary .
obama inherited this huge mess from bush -- now you republicans need to help him fix it instead of sniping at him .
that is sad , rand that you support these traitors , i think i just changed my mind about you .
jeffrey hoskinson - 1. kansas is a purple state , my friend , and we are tired of the sabotage and the obstructionism .
cost of insurance would go down under obamacare , a lie , it &apos;s going up !
a balanced budget tied to gdp requiring a super majority to raise taxes .
negotiations in good faith occurred quite a while ago , just reference speaker boehner &apos;s satisfaction with the results .
this preamble is what makes the constitution a liberal document .
you &apos;re a rino !
senator paul - you are a true patriot !
from what i &apos;ve been seeing , amash is the future of the liberty movement , not rand paul .
he talks to us , right here , on twitter and i bet if you called washington d c and left a message he would call you back too .
the government doesn &apos;t have the authority to force people to buy health insurance .
senator paul stands with us .
we , the people , will not back down ! ! !
in my opinion the senate is the only real opposition left to fight against this and if you and others like susan collins , rand paul and 1 or 2 other republican senators challenge them i do believe the country has a chance to recover .
we need a limited constitutional govt , need to keep our troops out of everyone else &apos;s problems and like jeffeson said &quot; commerce with all nations , alliance with none , should be our motto !
you are a disgrace to sc
once again tom , just talk , if you &apos;ve been saying this for years , then where is the others &apos; that you should have or could have influenced to stand against this , and not let it get this far ?
i will again ask that you not support this very unqualified candidate for secretary of education .
he put his country first but put his family first also .
it &apos;s because castro took american property when he nationalized the country
maybe the tea party could get behind tim scott because of the content of his character .
boom allen may christian shelton may harrison allen may chris kelly
separation of church and state came not to keep god out of govenment but to allow freedom of worship the people , so the government would not tell people how and where and when they could worship .
presidents have been testing their power for a long time and congress has failed the people by not standing up for the constitutional way .
listen up thom tillis .. you will be unelected this next election .. rubio is an obama wannabe .. we do not support him or you .. trump for president
no money from us for any country
i will say this ... mr. obama &apos;s refusal and blockage of american drilling is not reflected in a hesitation to drill for &quot; conservation purposes &quot; --- because he just gave away an island just five miles off the mainland coast of alaska to russia ( ! )
fix fox before next one .
this is not a true libertarian ideal , my dad helped found it , in the 1970s
no compromise on raising the debt limit .
we need strong constitutional conservatives to stand strong and help keep america the greatest country on the earth .
california got their education just watching the federal government !
for the love of god mccain .
keep up the good work rand from a kentucky resident
ask your fellow senators to join you in demanding the administration do something to stop isis .
~ tell me there isn &apos;t a war on christian conservatives ! ! ! !
lois lerner is guilty and probably others besides her are just as guilty .
you will understand the risks better than the administration
our money goes to our enemies .
more american oil produced in obama &apos;s administration than bush jr . &apos; s .
if the president takes action that is against the law , that constitutes &quot; high crimes and misdemeanors &quot; , he must be impeached .
if you want to fix it , you repeal the bill that created the problem in the first place .
joyce is in agreement with we needed john mccain as our president ! !
barrasso began his opening statement today by falsely accusing the obama administration and the epa of &quot; making it impossible for our coal miners to feed their families … .
we are all sitting ducks make no mistake u cannot stop insanity nor can any law .. but it feels good to try .
take care of yourself markwayne - praying for you .
its time to give up on obamacare .
your constituents have spoken loud and clear about devos .
watching &amp; praying for you .
compressed natural gas for transport now sells for $ 1.39 / gal in oklahoma and industry would love to get some clear positive signals that they should make this cheap , domestically produced , clean burning fuel available to all americans .
he started the forrestal fire and was protected by daddy mccain .
tha &apos;s what i am praying for action finally ....
explain how this is a bad thing lankford
i get the feeling obama will try an executive order to change the course of our country concerning the second amendment .
pray people for our country ! pray for the mighty men to stand up for us god bless them !
&quot; cut back on tax and regulatory burdens &quot; does not necessarily mean less spending , it means giving businesses some leeway to expand ... by cutting the taxes and regulatory restrictions that may not be really necessary .... this administration is raising the taxes and increasing regulations that are strangling business growth ...
totally repeal obamacare .
yes he &apos;s a communist .
the only thing that will solve our debt problems is never again to elect a tax-and-spend conservative , or , for that matter , you .
thom is part of the problem ... he want to bring this illegals in and give them our jobs .. thom needs to go .. will never vote for you again !
save sc !
despite his underwhelming re-election performance , however , the president has not gotten the message and absolutely refuses to compromise on even the most basic of things .
reagan &apos;s election , in 1980 , made it possible for conservatives to begin turning a new interpretation of the second amendment into law .
don &apos;t let d.c. or rino &apos;s sway you !
please insist on a plan that will assure we continue to have quality , affordable health insurance before agreeing to repeal the law .
none will be happy till our money is worthless .
oklahoma is the proud # 1 state for reducing educational funding in the nation .
on the contrary , just yesterday , raúl castro gave a speech where he made very clear there will be no political change on the island .
the thing is , even if this bill passes the house and senate , obama will veto it .
other violations of the constitution are being perpetrated by this current administration , as well , in my opinion .
after 6 years of scotuscare destroying the health insurance system in georgia , you have to have a petition to find out what we think about this awful law !
alexander hamilton said &quot; if an enemy is to head the government , better it be an enemy you can oppose rather than an enemy you are responsible for . &quot;
thanks lynn , a waste of time is the fact that obama has been in campaign mode for over a year now and doing nothing to lead , a waste of time is the senate not passing one budget in 3 years .
there is no more we the people nor the land of the free .
please defund obamacare and oppose cloture .
rinos in congress squandered the opportunity to defund obamacare and planned parenthood when they gave president obama everything he wanted in the last spending bill .
everybody agrees the irs is no good !
rand paul is the only republican presidential candidate worth voting for in 2016 .
and i am a registered republican .
conway , sc
it would limit federal spending to 18 percent of gdp .
obama is the worst president in us history hands down
of course--ndaa is &quot; spin &quot; from patriot act----- kill the patriot act _ _ _
taliban ted
i love the idea , vern !
any senator that &apos;s against rand is a traitor .
what we really need to do is get all the people on the welfare rolls to do the jobs of the illegal aliens and then send them back .
you , senator mccain , are nothing more than a democrat walking around in disguise as a republican .
christine what exactly is obama getting away with ?
why did you really want border security for arizona a few years back and now we don &apos;t hear your voice about the wall ?
however , america is a nation of laws and principles .
any american that believes the constitution or bill of rights still applies is a fool who has not been paying attention .
impeach the miserable ( * * &amp; ^ ^ or shut up
the republicans do not have enough votes to repeal the aca law .
you , rand paul , want to help our country and make it stronger .
... south carolina is working on that , joe anderson .
merry christmas 🎄 🎄 sir
standing with israel
you &apos;re the man rand ! !
a flat tax would get rid of lifetime politicians too !
tim , try actually reading what i post before you try to respond .
it angers me that so many of those do not listen or care about the truth of what obamacare is doing .
obama is a babbling boob ! ! ! !
and we must stop giving away tax payer money to illegal aliens who are defrauding the irs !
come on vern , you can do better than good morning !
also court ordered to stop all acts of going against the constitution .
given his age , i think it ( in ) appropriate to suggest that john mccain is off his rocker .
if clinton wins due to the inactivity of individuals like paul ryan than no one has anything to say about what happens afterwards .
healthcare reform can wait until we have our fiscal house in order .
how can you suspend the constitution based on an accusation ?
i love you but congress holds the power of the purse .
wise words , senetor rubio .
end the f ... kery , mitch .
better than my rep. brad wenstrup who caved and voted for this monstrosity
you should be kicked out of the republican party .
sad thing is nc will put him back in office during the next election .
i &apos;m a conservative first and foremost .
a cause for ideas : d maine ! ! !
unfortunately , the cr – which passed by a margin of 329-91 – included full funding for the affordable care act .
mccain on putin : &quot; a murderer and a thug . &quot;
get rid of obama , and problem is solved .
not true kevin
they should have stopped him by not voting for him !
mine too tim .
dear mr. mccain , please vote no on devos .
traitorous to the constitution
i &apos;m just curious why you are trying to replace pieces now instead of trying to make it &quot; right &quot; in the first place ...
next time republicans should pass a 1200 page bill and tell them that the funding for obamacare is in it , but they have to pass it to know whats really in it
you had and will have my vote again , sir !
quit trying to run the american people &apos; s life and just run your job .
rand , did you see the article about the social security administration buying bulets as well ?
they pass this and obama signs another executive order exempting them from obamacare again .
why don &apos;t you campaign on less taxes , smaller government , and personal freedom , but actually make abortion your first legislative priority .
we are praying for you and john !
look at rand paul and ted cruz , just as an example .
recall mccain and flake , traitors to americans .
it establishes that carbon is a pollutant , and thereby gives the epa the authority to regulate it . &quot;
agree , mia !
hypothetically lets say rand is 99 / 100 and cruz is 89 / 100 .
you make me sick mccain .
the alleged charleston shooter , dylann storm roof , was photographed holding the confederate flag in images on his website .
luke just said that he would vote yes if there was a vote today ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
how about exercising a little common sense or does no one in the executive branch in dc have the sense god gave a goose ? ? ?
how is repealing an imperfect but helpful law without a replacement &quot; common sense reform ? &quot;
make no mistake , sir , we are giving our best effort here at the grassroots level and support your efforts .
the reason obama &apos;s executive amnesty has not cleared the senate is ted cruz !
lindsey , you are done !
please represent the will of your constituents and vote no on the amnesty bill .
go get em marco your the man !
he has made the constitution unconstitutional
he said he wanted to do it , then people voted for him , then he did it .
keep standing tall dave , a man of your word , let the others we are watching and waiting for those who do not keep their word , to show them the door !
so far the debates are interesting .
&quot; i requested a recorded vote so that the american people can know where their representatives stand on the issue . &quot;
you should have been saying this months ago instead of doing your little pout .
blaine , whatever your name is , ?
the fbi interviewed the orlando terrorist at least twice before he massacred 49 americans .
if immigration bill is passed we are a communist country ... one party .
rand , i &apos;m praying for you buddy .
i am coming to oversight in february 2017 i look forward to meeting you trey
alright , now lets something positive , something that will be good for this nation , not what is on the agenda for those lineing up behind an negitive party .
almost half the population pays no tax .
when northside sold out to ( i believe it was century 21 ) they would have been buying the key to the ga .
senator thune , i want to like you but you need to hold to your conservative principles and vote accordingly .
yea all great and groovy , what are you going to do with all the cubans , 16,000 thousand of them in ecuador demanding the embassy of mexico to give them visas so they can travel to the border and come to this country .
tom - that &apos;s one of the most foolish things ive ever seen from you .
james langford please talk him into letting u s sell oil !
tim scott , what exactly do you define as being a minor infraction ?
senator rubio dont bother trying to reason with these people , they are trying to get you out of the way but the american people know better .
please vote no on cloture !
i just want to know where to get my rand paul tin foil hat and secret decoder ring .
tho i don &apos;t presently live in south carolina , it is my home state and i have been so saddened by the attack on mother emmanuel church .
or so obummer can implement martial law in texas !
no one i know wants this mess .
obama is the elected president of the united states .
unfortunately these bills don &apos;t stop him and he does what he wants anyway
pandering to a president who has a jobs bill for $ 447b after failing to straighten the economy after spending a trillion dollars will only lead to more debt and failure to be blamed squarely on your republican party .
good for marsha blackburn .
you must stand strong against obamacare and socialism . &quot;
obama is just so uninformed .
rest assured , our current government is the one our forefathers warned us about .
you go lindsey ! ! !
yea rand paul ! ! !
if a flat tax is not possible , then consider a v.a.t.
you are awesome , mr .
pass the zadroga act # worstresponders # endthefuckery
repeal it first , and all other conversations should be discussed after that .
only the conservative groups can get this necessary item put on the table .
now we have obummer trying the same strategy here .... build a socialist-regressive youth brigade by providing a communist college of indoctrination .... paid for by duped american taxpayers !
it will be the death nail for america !
in fact law and gambling enforcement in these states are praising how well these sites and states have done for the past two and a half years since the legalization of online poker and / or gambling .
there is nothing fake about mia love !
praying for all of you , james .
remember how the aca passed with no republican support ?
fear mongering while you get richer and richer in dc selling out all our freedoms .
my question mia love , who will you endorse ?
this should have been done seven years ago !
senator lankford , finally something we agree on ! ! !
mia love : by brian hayes , a four star admiral , who was in charge of the largest single military command in the world , slammed barack obama , and warned congress that the muslim brotherhood has infiltrated every u.s. national security agency under obama &apos;s administration .
i pray god gives he and his family strength during this very difficult time .
as someone who has already experienced some of the fallout of obamacare , i implore you to oppose cloture .
absolutely and completely and completely unqualified for the position .
senator burr , mrs. devos is obviously not qualified nor competent to be the secretary of education !
mia love you are one of my favorite people .... you would never know you are a politician ... you are just a person who loves her country like us .... insane is one word , but very harmful to our nation is what obama has been ... he has no heart at all for anyone or anything ....
how many sex offenders / pedophiles tried to get a job with the tsa today ?
conservatives keep trying to block expansion of the affordable care act .
yeah , agreed about huckabee not being a conservative .
he &apos;s the one real conservative left .
i &apos;m just glad patrick mchenry will stand like a man and not cower away .
please vote against john boehner for speaker
you still need to pull up your lifetime rating with acu which is lower than john mccain .
barton had no problem with spending under bush , encouraged putting two wars on credit card , and doubling the debt .
yeah , repeal the law .
remember the office you hold , don &apos;t complain about the potus run amuck making you job harder , you are there as a balance against illegal actions , work smarter and stand firm .
this is the decade of the strong conservative woman .
this guy does whatever he wants to ! !
i left gop for libertarian party .
we all give thanks to her sir
i stand wit ted cruz and pray he remains a man for the people and doesn &apos;t let &quot; do nothing &quot; reid get away with his bully tactics .
now there is a man who knows what he is talking about ... common sense ! !
if the terrorist was the reason , saudi should be on first in the list .
i say ... no financial or foriegn aid to any country , period until we get our own financial house in order and then and only then if you are an ally of the usa , not a known enemy or two-faced country .
3. the degree to which both of the above render the president-elect unable to faithfully carry out the oath of office and provide grounds for impeachment .
please help end the tyranny of obamacare
i think you should send them a cr to fund social security .
this would also be a start to reduction in spending and balancing the budget .
now we have obama with more taxes and more money going to people that refuse to work !
government needs to get out of healthcare , period ! ! ! !
compromise on anything that will take our country further away from the great america i grew up in .
if this administration had any common sense , there would not be any need for this vote .
alexander will be voted out of the senate if he supports devos .
mr. paul please do not let the irs scandal divert your attention from benghazi .
and i will be casting my vote for you in sc - proud to have you in our state ! !
we the people need to impeach him ! ! ! !
excellent point , mr. paul .
nc should also consider the right-to-hire / fire law .
trust me , i get cutting spending .
i agree , but what about over tax satin with reputation and wasteful spending .
do you not think that obama is lying about his birth certificate and selective service card ?
don &apos;t you understand what no means ?
it &apos;s past time for congress to stand up to king obama .
we have to be happy to get rid of obama to preserve the republic .
his platinum plan here in ga. humana national preferred platinum 1000 / 1500 plan.monthly premium is $ 748 / mo with 4 enrollees premium before tax credit $ 1,085 / mo .
diane reeder , you can &apos;t impeach a president for the lies told by mcclintock .
keep focused and stick to your agenda and don &apos;t look sideways .
don &apos;t give our money to other countries
states should control non-privatized land within their boundaries , not the fed .
will also make sure everyone i know understands he failed idaho and he failes america .
i really like rand paul .
marco , you did an outstanding job at the debate !
i &apos;m not sure if its repealing obamacare ... or waving goodbye to a bunch or ex-elected representatives .
he is the republican nominee .
this is an absolute travesty and a disappointment to all of your sc teachers .
yes sir , i do agree .
it has taken all 3 branches of our government to screw this nation and they have done and excellent job .
amen , obummer has no clue , can &apos;t fix this country by spending more $
don &apos;t jump on the bandwagon with obama and all the other america hating idiots .
senator enzi , please retire .
rubio / romney 3rd party !
don &apos;t open your mouth against obamacare or ted cruz because you are worthless .
i don &apos;t always agree with you , senator mccain .
speech is talking burning a flag is an act .
we are expecting great leadership from you and that you will not be intimidated by the obama administration .
mia thanks for speaking the truth !
we can &apos;t cut spending .
impeach obama james lankford ....
it was an embarrassment to sc in front of mccain and for the elderly lady .
forced insurance is not freedom .
georgia embarrassment .... john lewis .. &quot; let us go to work ! &quot;
the teachers in my family are staunchly opposed to betsy devos becoming the secretary of education .
that the senate and congress have no more power .... its all him !
article 4 , section 4 , requires the federal government to protect each state from invasion .
i am thankful for rep. trey gowdy .
it &apos;s time to stop doling money out to all countries until out country is dept free we don &apos;t owe them ...
this is outrageous , paul ryan !
mia love 2016
as the senate chaplain , barry c. black has said , enough is enough !
david , how &apos;s devout socialist lecturering about the constitution ?
mccain is being wussy about the whole cia thing .
you have the authority .
once they all went into the locked room together and watched the supposed meeting with obama and he spent all his time browbeating the opposition i knew then it was a pos and would not work at all ,
thanks for voting no ! !
or at least they report anything unusual before it was too late .
having said this we must hold the two conservative majorities feet to the fire .
even mr. moran was too bored to take an interest in last night &apos;s primary results .
john mccain you totally suck .
didn &apos;t tom sawyer paint a fence or something like that - i is one of them people , we be educated as we knows what we want and it &apos;s not that hagan person .
amen and god bless senator
please explain how it is patriotic or fiscally conservative to take land from american ranchers to build a pipeline to move canadian tar sands sludge to a tax free export zone ?
not an excuse to repeal .
go for it and hold holder accountable !
if we had a true leader for president who would be able to do this we voted for a loser and it &apos;s a loser we got
which globalist trey gowdy ?
mr. gowdy have great respect for you jason chaffetz keep pushing don &apos;t let obama and hillary get away with anything the fbi or the department of justice loretta lynch it &apos;s time they have to answer for some of their crap
we love what you &apos;re doing rand !
keep up the good battle , senator james lankford .
you are paying boehner back for his help in the fundraising affair here in vanderburg co . ? ? ?
maybe his &quot; i &quot; statement was too much .
i think most people are tired of mccain and view him as a career politician .
citizens with the lawful actions that republicans can apply should be able to seek the defunding of the bogus healthcare &amp; this less than legal immigration degree !
i challenge any texas elected office holder to debate the issues of legality , morality , patriotism , or benefit of independence in any public forum , and at a date and time if their choosing .
the obama way .
there are enemies all around all of us .
delaine and lindy hester , linden , tn
keep positive news coming to us mia !
at least now we know who else besides devos is unqualified to be a leader in this country .
idiots in the wh needs to be impeached ...
with me , he ran out of excuses a long time ago !
how about foreign aid reform and reductions ?
tillis - &quot; you &apos;re an idiot .
good luck dealing with him when he is bent on destroying this country .
merry christmas to you and your family , mr. gowdy !
impeach this idiot ! ! ! ! !
problem is we have a president who appears as a sympathizer bc what would take so long , how many slaps in the face , how many exploitations of his presidency , that nowc he wants action ?
quit trying to give obama room to create what is not possible .
mr. moran , today , please tell your friend senator feinstein to &quot; stand down &quot; on the 2nd amendment .
you &apos;re doing what you were sent to dc to do ... mr. president , you have no plan and reid &apos;s &quot; plan &quot; won &apos;t get thru the house ... i &apos;d recommend you tell reid to put ccb up for a real debate and vote , get it passed and sign it !
do not pass the amnesty bill and crazy amendments !
her inability to answer the most simplistic questions regarding education and her needing clarification on terms such as &quot; growth &quot; and &quot; proficiency &quot; are proof that she is extremely unqualified to be secretary of education .
what are you going to do to fix and clean up the mess this administration and the prior pocket pickets did to our country and when .
if mccain supporters on this forum want to hear why you believe something , you should explain it so they can understand why you believe what you believe .
tom mcclintock - while that &apos;s good philosophy ; you and i know that is not how it works in government .
i got a better idea.get rback to benghazi and fast and furious and jail the hoods in wh .
we are being told she is above the law and the lives of american in service to this country do not mean as much as obama and hillary agenda
he did the same thing obama did .
&quot; obstructing his confirmation would be partisan politics at its worst &quot; you guys wouldn &apos;t even vote on a supreme court nominee from obama ! !
so you don &apos;t vote for a republican candidate because he isn &apos;t a true conservative and cast your vote knowing the consequences .
like to see the un enforce anything , obama was out for this to have a army of sorts to take away our 2nd amendment rights ! !
now he wants to be a conservative .
vote no on cloture and to defund obamacare .
while you and john mccain were out with the socialist dictator , rand paul was working for the people .
it is positively scary what the epa and other govt .
oh yeah , that &apos;s a great plan , mr .
yet you still supported boehner as house leader .
@ month for their rental cars , and a pay raise ..... by the way .... can u tell the voters in tn are really p &apos;od ? ..........
are you listening , senator bob corker ?
the tax code is too cumbersome .
that the border patrol is not always successful is a problem , but it does not mean the border is open .
charleston will not be turned into the next riot central .
we should hire blackwater to do our border security for us
please consider joining the libertarian party .
the problem is we have a president that lets other country &apos;s tell him what to do and he does it---impeach obama quickly ! ! !
a president must get approval from congress .
i &apos;ve lost all respect for him once he voted for devos .
destroying our country from within .
please hold an in-person town hall during the february break .
if you don &apos;t vote for the republican candidate , you are voting for clinton !
if you &apos;re so worried about veterans stop putting irrational conditions on a cr
you lost 8 years ago and you lost again 2 months ago trying to get along with the left ... you and graham should shut up or change your party and show your true colors .
i am skeptical about mccain &apos;s ability to do much , i hope for our countrie &apos;s sake we really do have politicians with enough backbone to stand up to trump .
you think that when the congressman is visiting constituents he is not working ?
sorry marco , im a big supporter of you , but the court made the right decision .
i am afraid sir that you are right .
defund it ! ! ! ! !
we want to see action on our behalf , defending the constitution and our rights from the people that have been placed in those positions of responsibility .
even tom emmer is having a town hall .
please tell raul real citizens of idaho use public lands and do not want it sold off and fenced off .
i will stand with you ted ! !
a fellow patriot !
very well said , mike .
the vast majority wants the government to leave our rights alone !
i would gladly pay higher taxes in exchange for obama &apos;s eligibility being investigated by congress .
lindsay &apos;s a little pussy with a girls name to go along with his whinny wimpy crap ... vote for cruz and you loose .
yes bush was wrong lets stick to the subject .
and the house has gone along with the budget extensions ( continuing resolutions ) _ because then they don &apos;t have to answer to the voters in their district why they cut something .
most americans do not want this to pass , but congress &amp; the pres want it no matter what the people want .
ron paul said he did not support the house bill because it raised the debt ceiling .
have any of them heard of the constitution ?
we need more constitutionalists like rand paul if you don &apos;t want socialists taking over our country
i do have to give you and those republicans who are speaking speaking up now some credit , but it &apos;s too little too late .
he has his priorities wrong ?
i &apos;ll find me a 3rd party that i can trust to support the person that gets their nomination .
doesn &apos;t the president need congressional authority to hand out cash like that ?
why do jobless americans lose their benefits , but illegal aliens never do ?
obama issued his execvutiv
if the republican party does not get behind this effort , which has to be a winning strategy , then rip republican party and long live the tea party .
it is time for them and the irs to go .
if you truly want to level the playing field , tax all sales or tax none .
we cannot cut our way out of our debt , if you think that we can cut our way out of debt then you may as well go sell china the keys to america and our future
it is about the border .
the libs in the republican party are destroying the country .
the house of representatives again voted to repeal president obama &apos;s signature health care law on wednesday , marking the 33rd time republicans have attempted to take down the legislation .
continue to be a warrior for the lord !
get a obama phone with a confederate flag on it u have no support drop out .
could you please name the poll that states &quot; only 7 % of the american people support attacks on obamacare through threats to not fund the government past sept 30 and threats to not raisse the debt ceiling by mid october . &quot;
have we misplaced our trust in you , seems like maybe we have , because that wikileaks drop is alot bigger than trump , and you are already tryin to help bury it !
marsha why don &apos;t you do something good for your constituents and propose a bill to make it mandatory that all gmo food is labeled ? ?
let &apos;s face it , there &apos;s not quick fix to healthcare in the us and rushing to repeal and replace just for the sake of following partisan politics will not end well .
we are allowing the ultra liberal left , illegal immigrants and religious zealots to destroy our country and our constitution .
you need to be released from your job sir .
let obama ruin him self by himselve .
i hope more conservatives follow your lead .
that depends on who wants to &apos; trump &apos; our constitution and if we allow it to happen ~ ~ ~ mr obama has been ignoring those &quot; old , outdated rules &quot; since he took office ... and ... has gotten away with it !
besides the fact it &apos;s unconstitutional what you voted on it is also wrong to vote away our liberty .
happy to amen what coburn and others have already said about you .
jim you are so right the people who are now supporting trump have no integrity i lost respect for all of them senator rubio was really our only hope to regain our standing in the world and to gain back our respect we are in a lot of trouble
with 75 % of president obama &apos;s new tax requests going to new spending , it &apos;s nice to see you working to get this debate in front of the msnbc liberals , maybe they will learn a thing , maybe lots !
the vast majority of people that voted you into office are begging you to reconsider .
uh yeah and it &apos;s not because the gop in nc care enough to increase teacher pay and adequately fund schools .
please like our page if you want to spread the ideas of rand paul and liberty loving conservatives to high school students .
more examples of mccain &apos;s pork .
taking the fight straight to them keep it up rand and know you have a lot of military support !
no please !
taking a little break this memorial day , watching forensic files and there is my pal trey gowdy discussing a murder case !
this is really dirty politics to allow up to 20 million illegal aliens to cut in line in front of the legal immigrants who have obeyed our immigration laws to become law-abiding americans !
but without all dew research , i believe we have been attacked more since obama has been in office than any other president .
congress and the president either need to declare war or bring our troops home and end all conflict .
by the way mark ..... i believe rand paul is a tea party ( libertarian ) .
you should be ashamed for signing a bill you haven &apos;t read linssay graham !
dear mr. walden , congress needs to quit thinking that it is okay to shut down the government .
tennessee
we want out of obamacare !
reagan and clinton got it done , push obama to get it done .
no athuority
don &apos;t get me wrong , mccain is a great guy , but we don &apos;t need a moderate .
we don &apos;t need the illegals here -- there are no jobs for the natural born citizens , nevermind the illegals .
devos literally has no experience in education administration .
the republican party is finished
need to impeach him now and let him know the ppl of america won &apos;t stand for his stupidity and ignorance .
congrats , johnny !
we do not want a replacement for obamacare .
sorry think rubio got this one right .
john mccain would have started wwiii if he was president during the last few years .
the reason the tax cuts weren &apos;t extended is because republicans like mr. harper would not vote to extend the tax cuts on the first $ 250,000 without extending the tax cuts to the wealthiest of americans .
if we want god &apos;s blessing we cantlet this slide .
sandra - obama released his budget today .
does obama just do whatever and to hell with congress ?
eliminates the irs , the flat tax does not .
rubio is there also !
a treaty is always better than war except to those who benefit finically from war .
impeach and imprison the criminal .
our military needs to be armed while in uniform .
she is an obama stooge
but florida is like the most down in the gutter state .
you and our other kansas representatives to washington have embarrassed our state and our country .
as i understand it , a congressional resolution has no teeth .
ask him why he hasn &apos;t quit in disgrace ?
i just hope after 2014 and 2016 the republicans have the gumption to stick this right back at the dems and the media .
mia you are a 2 faced backstabber .
most republicans seem to know so little about history that they don &apos;t realize conservatives have just about always been on the side of the bad guys .
we don &apos;t have a revenue problem , although i wish we did ... we have a spending problem !
obama is a disgrace !
i was under the impression that you , senator paul and senator lee and feinstein had everything taken care off .
listen to ron paul , and never forget the per capita volume of paul supporters in your district .
christie has changed , i thought he was the rough and toughie to save american instead he stands with obama , shock shock shock .
obamacare needs to be repealed now ! !
please don &apos;t knock mr. obama , he &apos;s doing his best to put the united states under .
rand paul 2016. i gave him a call !
vern , , , also still waiting on your explanation of why you voted for the clean dhs funding bill !
stop kicking the can down the road , stand up and exercise the power you have been given in the constitution .
one-third of his primary votes went to the libertarian leaning candidate karen kwiatkowski , which is a huge margin .
hi , marco rubio .
if you do not vote for a clean cr , however , please at least vote to raise the debt limit .
you voted for cloture , coward !
that &apos;s the problem with the republican party justin amash , too many in the party no longer believe in a limited constitutional government .
rand paul is it actually rand making these post or a staffer ?
no conversation about citizenship until strict border security and until this administration seriously start to enforce the laws already on the books ...
repeal it ... period ! !
articles of impeachment drafted for president obama .
you are so right john , i get tired of these people who do not know or have a clue what reagan really did .
no plane should be allowed to land here from those nations , i don &apos;t care who &apos;s on it .
bruce if you need more evidence it tells me you won &apos;t do anything against planned parenthood .
mr. chaffetz , my husband and i will no longer donate any funds to the rnc during this election cycle .
louie please run for speaker or senate
well it &apos;s stopping with me cause i am not and will not give them anymore tax money to spend !
the president cant get anything passed without going thru the congress .
we do not need to arm our enemies .
on the rich but will not go along with even a slight tax increase on the them .
ok tom , it seems to me that there is so much obfuscation and plain old lies that the congress has more than enough reason to bring charges against obama and holder etc .
all she wants to do is defund public education and give the money to the privatization of schools .
if you can &apos;t listen to us you don &apos;t deserve your job .
merry christmas god bless the usa
no one ever said christie was very bright
even obama doesn &apos;t know what it is .
you lost me at endorsing graham .
thats cuzz obama &apos;s teleprompter broke and the vp has to step in ...
the internet needs to go to the un because most nation have huge problems keeping their hands off of it .
impeach the guy !
why is senator mccain calling for socialism ?
good news mia !
have you and yours constantly in our prayers !
rush is a bit too conservative for my taste and i don &apos;t agree with everything he says , but he has a big audience and people will hear your message .
i just want to let you know that there are more of us here in nc that do support your conservative leadership in washington than there are who don &apos;t .
very disappointed sir !
praying for everyone also .
working hard in south carolina to get christian conservatives elected to bring america back to founding father judeo / christian principles like our honorable aderholt stands in d.c. for .
get real or stay republican .
we need to be americans first and foremost , stop this old party line infighting , and impeach the clown-prince obama .
just saying even thought it &apos;s doin good obama will veto it when he sees it
then it is time to finally stand up to the president and get it stopped .
i propose a bill to get the ones he sent back before al-qaeda uses them on us !
no one cares , marco
just cut off welfare to all corporations and let them stand on their own cut spending .
lynn breeden
over 900 us military bases overseas ..... the ultimate pork fest !
i am a teacher in sc , and i do not support devos for secretary of education .
he has his few points he wants and doesn &apos;t even know what the bill consists of .
tell em rand paul !
we have yet to see / hear your opinion on the matter mr. shuster .
reagan appointed kennedy at the end of his term .
congresswoman roby , i am praying that you and the other true christians servicing in the congress will have god &apos;s strength to help you stand firm for what is good and right for our nation .
this is regulation that is much needed in the online poker arena .
it disgust me mr mcclintock .
he should say he &apos;s resigning and give us back our country he has been holding hostage for three years , the muslim bastard
we like marco rubio for the values he stands for .
# haha oh little marco , you seem so much littler now .
i thought the rnc signed a document stating they , the gop would support whoever was the nominee ? ? ?
vote no stand up for what we the people want not obama ....
why is the epa allowed to place such a burden on the citizens of the usa ?
you &apos; da man , tom !
sending prayers to everyone in so.carolina , and for the flood victims in texas and oklahoma .
john mccain is por-life not pro-choice.he belives in life not killing babies .
this was a great opportunity for republicans to show bipartisanship and ask the president to send a more qualified candidate .
they have not yet met the patriot eagle / man !
this parent can see devos is not the right candidate for education and not for our children .
the bill just passed 425 to 0. so will harry reid and the president still insist that they will approve nothing if it isn &apos;t everything ?
our prayers are with the reagan family .
i would vote for rand paul , i think he would be a great president .
local , state and federal politicians pushing amnesty and aiding illegals .
send mr graham home !
makes u wonder when folks say rand is an idiot if they want the feds to be able to kill us with drones ?
i wish they could read in south carolina !
please vote against , education pick , the vote to protect our national parks ( we can &apos;t go back and fix that one ) and please stand up for our conditional freedoms .
god bless you and your family from oklahoma ! ! !
well glad you decided to come to the game late !
cautious that &apos;s obamas network .
when is congress going to stop all this ?
i think you are right it was a good try but this is it he is the enemy .....................................................................................
didn &apos;t obozo hire tax-cheat geitner and try to get tom &quot; i didn &apos;t declare income &quot; daschell for hhs and finally settle on kathlees &quot; i need to change my tax returns &quot; sebelius ?
this alone has cost the american taxpayers a significant amount of money and allows for them to spend our money without us knowing what the plan was for it .
time to join forces with senator cruz .
i love our christian nation .
if any of you think this guy is a right wing conservative , you are nuts .
now will the senate also pass it and will obama sign it ?
do not let yourself be bamboozled like with obamacare .
if rand paul thinks the castros are turning over a new leaf , i think he &apos;s living on fantasy island .
the federal debt is at an all-time high and has ballooned more under obama than any previous president .
fast and furious and many other underhanded arms deals .
you are not fit to call yourself a conservative republican .
get rid of obama care still .
amen it need to be an accomplishment complete &quot; not like an aspirant , or warm them up &quot; like putting a little bandage on a 12 inch cut , and a banded them .
he will never get impeached , it will have to be something more drastic to get him out of office .
and nothing is impossible , my kids are gonna have to live in this freakin mess that obama and his liberal mob are creating .
reagan and theodore roosevelt .
i propose whoever doesn &apos;t support the nominee ( trump ) gets voted out of office .
had the american jobs act been passed , we would have a budget !
as a republican and a conservative i agree with the supreme court .
amen .... no amnesty
so , when will obama be impeached to stop these acts of treason against the people of the usa ?
it &apos;ll be good to have a conservative voice on cnn .
may god bless america and those brave americans that keep the nation safe .
i implore you to vote no on betsy devoss .
you need to listen to the thousands of your constituents who &apos;ve called and written and told you their concerns about devos .
sen enzi , the president has been talking about the sequester and his plan is still on the table--time for congress to act !
james , i am not a veteran , though i have many friends that are and my grandfather is a ww2 vet and uses the va hospital .
along with no increases in spending at all for the next 5 years .
why aren &apos;t impeachment hearings initiated for this and the rest of the list ( benghazi , fast and furious , irs , etc . ) ? ? ? ? ?
nono wait obama will cut another $ 600,000,000,000 from the deficit next year after he cut $ 200,000,000,000 last year .
http : / / www.dontfundobamacare.com / vote no ... oppose cloture
it is an important bill to pass because it helps carry out the first job of the federal government – our national defense .
our insurance system is a joke , and obama needs to be send into outer space ..
if you knew all this mcclintock why did you do nothing ?
&quot; they &quot; are the self-serving socialists who tax us to death so they can but votes from a brainwashed populace !
i agree with what sen. barrasso said on greta that we need to do more then defund the bill by repealing it !
happy he vetoed it .
hang in there mr. paul .
how many times have they voted to repeal obamacare unsuccessfully ?
due to the lack of spine and leadership the cuts now will have to be deeper , but not as horrific as they reductions required if our congress and president continue to kick the can down the road / fiddle while rome burns .
rand paul is an idiot , he is not part of the solution rather he is par of the the problem .
mia love , thanks for asking this question .
obama is just screwing with your minds .
most fitting inquiry , diana l .. why has there been no obvious action been taken to impeach this usurper ?
well , people thought that ron paul was a kook too , now they are listening and see the sense in what he says .
obama said that to defund the war in iraq ... how + ironic .. obama is the biggist war monger since tojo ...
mia , have followed you since you were in that picture where they were fixing the lottery , had a lot of tv &apos;s in it .
i just called his office in atlanta and the lady hung up on me and would not comfirm what was said this morning about senator isakson wanting an up or down vote on the gun control bill .
what about bengazi what about our embasys in terky we need to discusbthe real isue our freedoms
&quot; in america , we have a constitution , it begins : &quot; we the people … . &quot;
it was fed to you by obama and his bold-faced lies .
insane loosing our country with no stopping it !
ben carson for me !
praying for you , friend .
thousands and thousands of georgia teachers , school administrators , parents , school boards , and people who truly care about all are children are vehemently opposed to this debacle .
he made war on our pro-life values .
the majority of voters in southdakota do not want obamacare .
barry is a fraud and if you dont do anything about it gun control will be your last worry .
people give up get depressed and believe the dogma our government is preaching to them .
the republicans need to make an issue of the large deductible on the all the obamacare offerings for coverage .
read senators mccain and graham &apos;s statement , which is thorough and admirable .
rubio is irrelevant !
since isis is the enemy of both iran and us and since hezbollah is only against israel and not us , why are we again singling out iran ?
( mar 2005 ) voted yes on allowing school prayer during the war on terror .
no monarch .
wait just like obama , can &apos;t anyone do anything , i mean come on how much does one president have to do to get inpeached ; he &apos;s not teflon .
i hope he is not a corrupt pos like boehner was .
@ damon damon howell , anything that is against the constitution is against the american people .
marco you rock .
this is what we need to improve the economy in oklahoma .
it is time to back the ted cruz / rand paul politicians and vote the rest out of office .
happy birthday , marsha from an old brentwood friend !
i don &apos;t have obamacare but obamacare is the right thing for the united states of america
leave the aid here at home ! ! !
they put country before self
sorry paul ryan ya lost me at heres my full statement .
he is too much of the establishment just in it to line $ $ $ his pockets .
trey gowdy is one of the greatest man i ever known , and he would put an end to washington corruption .
i won &apos;t say what i thought of obama &apos;s speech , but i will say that boehner rocked !
the white house flag needs to be lowered in honor of these soldiers .
praying for amanda .
his decision to veto the pipeline bill is simple !
america surleydoes , but the current potus does not !
no preexisting exclusion ... then there is this : &quot; under hipaa , a plan is allowed to look back only 6 months for a condition that was present before the start of coverage in a group health plan . &quot;
now it &apos;s impeachment time congress !
as a tea party supporter , i joined the movement due to our fed / gov unsustainable and irresponsible spending , not due to supporting one party .
senator please stand your ground on the sequester and let it happen .
south carolina is very fortunate to have you , .
just read your post , then checked watch , then i heard them announce it on fox .
the truth is obama had numerous social security numbers when he was younger and one .
dont approve him because obama wants him , he has to be bad for our country
so proud of you marco rubio our family supports you and know for a fact that you are the man our country needs .
quit talking about the problem and do something about it .
best wishes to you scott , and i pray for a revival of god &apos;s wisdom in the leadership of this great nation .
in other words , mr. palazzo , we-your constituents will remember this when you are up for reelection .
choosing to not strengthen , but repeal , it with no replacement plan in hand is irresponsible at best .
senator boozman , i want to mention something else to you that is on lots of americans mind and that is what the big boys and the establishment is trying to do to the voters this next election !
and he owes you a huge apology for that !
i think god and the utah citizens who placed you in congress .
347. explain why you hate your constituants , the constitution and continously refuse to answer real questions .
come on john mccain .
@ jimmy , government needs to stop spending .
if clinton could be impeached for moral / sexual misconduct how in the world can obama not be impeached for breaking his oath to protect our country from enemies foreign and domestic , even aiding and abetting the same .
when he went to get his pre-therapy scans he was told that his insurance refused to pay and he needed to contact ky health care site .
it is not just mexicans coming across our southern border any more , terrorists are waltzing across too because security is so lax and they aren &apos;t coming here for a better life but to destroy life here .
that money you gave to your muslim brotherhood and al-qaeda buddies could have been used to beef up security at our naval ports john .
then we need a quick change in the administration , one time i heard paul harvey say , if we found life on mars , we &apos;d probably give them foreign aid
it &apos;s the liberals that are shutting down not conservatives .
done , sir !
obama ignored , four americans died and the left is daying &apos; it happened a long time ago , so , who cares ! &apos;
sorry guys but i don &apos;t think congressman lamborn sees these comments .
very disappointed you agreed to this mess that does little to secure our borders .
congressman , has anyone figured out how to reign in the biggest money pits , the federal reserve and military ?
you describe yourself as a liberal and you advocate for a return to a time in north carolina when spending on education was in decline and our competition for job creation was in decline .
defaulting on the debt is unconstitutional .
you have made history by speaking for the people and defending the constitution !
i walked all over and saw dennis daugaard , but i did not see sen thune or rep noem .
may our lord continue to bless you .
an equal property tax in nebraska would be $ 1600- $ 2000 .
no amnesty = illegal immigration .
is this actually going to defund 0-care ? ? ?
these anti constitutional idiots are ruining this country .
we want a true strong conservative .
he deplores you and them spitting or worse on the constitution .
but i do not believe the ndaa should be passed because it infringes on our constitutional rights and i would think you would be against the ndaa also ?
put the flag in your own yard if you are so proud of it .
keep the government outta my health care , what a bunch of boobs !
close the whole thing down , mia .
what we had before obamacare was insurance companies making money by denying care and killing people with the excuse that they had pre-existing conditions or had reached their lifetime insurance payout cap .
breaking news : u.s. senator marco rubio ( r-fl ) is introducing a gun control bill to give president obama and anti-gun attorney general loretta lynch the power to strip gun rights from law-abiding citizens without due process .
the irs was used to suppress the votes of conservatives and congress is afraid to act .... some justice system huh .
take a lesson from trey gowdy .
the rinos totally disgust me !
your vote today was the last straw for me sir .
please vote against confirmation of betsy devos .
god bless ted cruz ! !
i am 66 years old , a grandmother and am abused by tsa every time we go through the airport .
if the feds don &apos;t enforce marijuana laws in some states how can possession of marijuana in states where it is illegal prosecute it as a felony .
stick it burr
it would be even * more affordable * if mr. scalise and his teabilly buddies like governor jindal would set up a louisiana insurance exchange .
the right thing would be to impeach and remove that liar-in-chief !
i was very impressed with you after having seen you on fox tonight .
rinos just mad because they did not get to decide who their candidate would be .
no one has the right to shred our constitution !
rand is one of the few that fight .
he &apos;s screwed conservatives on amnesty every other time .
well put sir ! !
read the bible i believe obama is going to fulfill the last prophocey
your obama is a traitor !
at least dave you said our problem of spending since congress approves all spending budgets and the treasury writes the checks .
thanks to representatives like you louie ... we can take our country back from the extreme socialists who &apos;ve snatched away our freedoms .
if you could forward the names of those conservatives i would appreciate it .
this person has no experience in public education at all .
what &apos;s next default on our debt because you can &apos;t have your own way .
praying for them all ~ !
please vote no senator scott .
obama does not care and is not listening
harry reid is running his mouth saying why would they want to fund a bill that the republicans sent to them concerning children and cancer and i think this video should go all over the u.s.a. and it will then be over for obama and harry reid ! ! ! ! !
i love you tom !
i watched you on cspan this morning sir , and there was absolutely no reason fer you to apologize to that stonewalling piece of crap reid ... he and obummer are the only reasons we have not had a budget in over 4 years ! ! ! !
in 2008 , 5 days before being elected obama said &quot; we are 5 days away from the the fundamental transformation of america .
suffer the slings an arrows rand , you dad suffered them , so must you .
ya &apos;ll should be working on getting him out of office , i am pretty sure there have been laws broken .
both and neither .
marco is the man ! !
he seems to have actively sought out the enemy without any weapon for offense or defense .
this president isn &apos;t a christian as he claims .
voting no is voting to raise taxes on everyone .
gop is rino .
keep fighting mr .
congrats johnny boy , here is your daily ration of pumpkin soup , you know the stuff the vietcong brainwashed you into a commie with .
and cloture is not the way to go !
please help us and get rid of &apos; pork &apos; spending and giving our money to people who hate us .
what &apos;s wrong with this picture is we did not get john mccain as our president .
what would you do to stop the flow of american tax payer dollars overseas.do you agree that our taxes need to be used here at home first before one dime goes to another country.americans first ! ! ! !
we need more wacko birds to stand up for america .
our prayers
sure , it &apos;s &quot; clear &quot; to you and all the other liberals out there but it most certainly isn &apos;t &quot; clear &quot; to me or i &apos;m betting that majority of south carolinians that wanted the flag to stay .
shame on you sir for not listening to your constituents .
i wish you and the house had stood firm to fund dhs without illegal amnesty .
it &apos;s the cloture vote that matters .
that is what the majority of your constituency wants .
sign obama and his family up first .
lindsey grahams double-speak status : 172 likes over a few hours .
there is no confidence in the republican party or boehner &apos;s ability to lead within congress .
ted cruz has become a joke and an embarrassment to texas and america , and you are thanking him .
posts like this do absolutely nothing to fix the problem you helped obama create .
i find that the people that posted the most about jesus are the ones that do not want to help immigrants or the poor .
is it not in the constitution that congress cannot impress laws upon us that do not apply to themselves as well ?
all they care about is making the massive cuts that will save us in the long term and realize just a couple billion here and there won &apos;t get us out of debt when we are facing over 13t and are headed towards 14 in short order .
the budget will never be balanced
washington needs to direct the educational standards .
bye bye johnny !
your kind of irrelevant now obamas boy
it was a great night for patriots , mr. ryan , and i &apos;m not sure if that includes you or not , because you were rather willing to cave to the muslim brotherhood .
- i have heard that in the past the same things were done to give him government contracts .
he &apos;s bypassing the constitution , acting unlawfully and harming , weakening america .
i support closing the borders first ! !
and what ever happened to &quot; no american left behind &quot; ?
pack those bags mia - you &apos;re going to washington !
the republicans can stand their ground all they want , but they will pull us all over the cliff and then where will they be ?
&quot; ...... why no talk about the clintons and irs gate ?
in these days of tecjnology we should be wo much o
very nicely put , mia .
you should be proud of the schools we have in wyoming that educate all students in wyoming with the highest quality education .
obama is the one who is not upholding his promises
iran is not to be trusted with american money and the government has no right to give american money away in the first place .
protect family values , protect the 2nd amendment , life in the womb and secure the borders .
i have a vision of pink slips being handed out beginning with obama and sweeping out all of congress .
you are awesome mia ! !
good bye , paul .
stop choosing power via the current tax code over revenue raising with a simple fair tax .
mccain did end up as a pow , , but the sob should never have been in politics ..
it seems that idiots can not even be reasoned with -- so glad to hear that senator paul was able to make another flight , though .
a republican president and 60 % of the senate will do it , or 66 % of the senate to override a presidential veto .
you even have fans watching from south dakota .
they , along with you are true defenders of the constitution !
i guess that the government has gotten too big too and it appears that no one is accountable anymore but a % of &quot; we the people &quot; that pay taxes .
where are the 78 missing children from protective oklahoma state care ? ? ?
he is such a great human being , god bless you marco rubio
impeach that non-american so called president !
thanks marsha now if we could just see bart gordon in person !
neither mr. trump , nor the world , will get a second chance to qualify the conversation , or decisions , made tomorrow .
i really wish you would surrender that seat and run for governor against gwen graham .
happy father &apos;s day to you as well , and god bless you for being a patriot too !
paul ryan you are so late ...
he wants to find jobs for isis but for him it &apos;s to hell with the american people !
send obama to his muslim brotherhood ! ! !
how many days did obama , biden , pelosi and reid serve in the military ?
first , jimmy carter held that title , then obama , and we all agree she would be the worst if elected .
i miss the late conservative talk show hot seat with wally george .
though i had to move back to georgia out of necessity , i &apos;m still sooooo proud of the conduct and integrity of south carolinians !
you blew it siding with the rinos
because cuba allowed nukes to be placed on their shores pointed straight at us then begged russia to use them .
my take on obama and this gun control is that he is kicking the can into the senate and house and later if it is defeated then he can blame it on the senate and the house .
we need to begin by impeaching obama
mr trey gowdy thanks so very much for the stands you take and for being the embodiment of a patriot .
i hope this backfires on fox news and it brings more attention to rand than if he &apos;d been there .
keep going vern , you people in the d.c. have done so good so far .
but back to beaty devos ... the fact that you did not show up on the list of 20 largest donation recipients speaks even louder that you don &apos;t care about the educational system in sc or the rest of the country .
this is a little too late from you .
obama obviously determines his actions only by his own policies &amp; desires , with no legal authoritative connection determining those acts given towards the constitution at all !
they are called appropriations bills .
it &apos;s a blatant violation of the 4th and 5th amendments .
congress needs to get off their derrieres and do something .... 2014 is not only dino season but rino season also ....
new increased taxes , obama so called healthcare , and 4th generation welfare , gotta go , i &apos;m feeling sick after that last sentence .
i live in oklahoma and i &apos;m a republican .
i pray you are the man to do it .
mr. president we don &apos;t want to fund you and your socialist propaganda !
oh yes , franks really really cares about our health .
the congressman is still trying to play his constituents for chumps .
wyoming proud !
do us all a favor and run third party .
obama and the clinton &apos;s are just plain out and out criminals and while the past has been our fault because we &quot; drank the koolade &quot; and they have managed to wreck the havoc they have , that time is over .
i would be interested in why you voted for boehner when 60 % + of republican voters were opposed to giving him the speakers job again .
anybody believe gowdy could become president ?
the feds are not getting the money , rhonda .
then do something to stop obama .
i supported his father .
yes there are a few large farmers that are doing well , but their debt load would choke most .
we don &apos;t get one and our premiums are going up !
he does have a plan .
keep praying that it works out better in the future
perry , i have no doubt that federal employees have worked very hard .
alwaleed has grown close with the murdoch enterprise , recently endorsing james murdoch to succeed his father and creating a content-sharing agreement with fox news for his own media conglomerate , rotana .
impeach him before he can do any further damage to our country .
as americans we demand our elected officials not to allow any americans into this country and no money or weapons given only to be used on us later
what has the republican house actually offered as a concession in the last 5 years ?
bill rammed down our throats ... does obama care ?
harvesting and selling body parts is supposed to be illegal but not for obama &apos;s friends ,
make your vote count for issues , vote rand paul 2016
i suggest you read article 1 section 7 of the us constitution to refresh your memory as to which branch of congress funds spending .
are you voting no on the cloture tomorrow ?
he laid out a perfect platform for obama to finish off the constitution and remove our remaining liberties and freedom ... before we are all sold off to china !
smaller government and keep fighting.i know you will god bless
i am confused , does he want to be our king or just a dictator .
accountability and transparency are foreign concepts to any one in government !
fact checkers have certainly found fault with the claims made by the romney campaign about obama &apos;s spending , but we have also all disputed the analysis touted by the obama campaign .
rand and ron paul .
i feel like we had that candidate in ben carson but the media crucified him , intentionally making him look inept .
but the house veterans affairs committee has yet to agree to a conference committee on veteran &apos;s status or to add the language to another bill , which would trigger a conference .
6 of my direct ancestors took up arms in 1776 to risk their lives , their fortunes and their sacred honor to throw off the yoke of an english despot king george iii during the american revolution .
he needs to stop talking about disarming americans also .
tragic , praying
additionally if it is such a great system why does the wyoming state senate ( and every other state senate ) have equal population representation for each senator as does the house ?
freedom and liberty will crush you !
good for johnny
he needs to resign immediately .
it is great when we pray for our leaders , but i think it is amazing to hear that our leaders are praying for us !
may god bless you for taking a stand for what is &quot; right &quot; .
@ nate leanin ... when you decide to come over to the side of the road that is based on freemarket , until then you can stay with your socialist buddies in your uniform tents !
on the vote tuesday i strongly recommend you vote no to have john boehner continue as speaker of the house .
dear sen. rubio , what is just mind boggling is how so many dictators have been killed or forced out by the people , but yet my people continue to live under this oppression and by the hard hand of castro &apos;s regime .
well erica lee i guess you &apos;re in favor of having a socialistic ( communist ) country .
the smokey mountains in tennessee .
🙏 🙏 🙏 praying for justice !
&quot; the first amendment ( amendment i ) to the united states constitution is part of the bill of rights .
stay strong and lead mr. rubio !
so get on with it ...... we &apos;ve been waiting ...... time for the gop to get a backbone
god bless you mr goudy !
amen , james !
now the republicans have vowed to fight against the people and the people backing trump , carson and cruz .
i dont want this president to negotiate .
ironic that rand is talking about someone else being isolationist ... just a thought .
fair tax people , read the book .
take it below 10 %
wow rand the apple falls very far from the tree
when is congress going to stand up to obama and stop the running over of the people .
i agree wholeheartedly and commend senator mccain for pushing against this .
tom , i will remain steadfast in my belief in god , his word , and his son jesus ... you can have your atheistic and philosophical beliefs .
we must pray if we wan &apos;t anything to change .
praying for you and her family .
praying , mr scott , so sorry for your loss 🙏 🏻
sir why was obama care not defund as soon as we got a rep congress and if the citizens can see what a horror this bill is for the usa people why can you in washington not see this
does anyone remember how president reagan handled iran ?
you know why , he has no experience , doesn &apos;t have the temperament to be a commander in chief n he &apos;s a racist , a fraud n a liar , n we don &apos;t know if he &apos;s wife is legally a residen in the usa ,
mr kiger.tim scott is not responsable for george bush or mr obama .
john mccain was flipped while a p.o.w.
this issue should have been stopped immediately and you voted to allow it to continue .
of course fox is poisoning the &quot; electorate &quot; with &quot; brainwashing &quot; tactics , as &quot; the main stream media &quot; has been doing with obama and clinton ... fyi fox !
can we get something in there to lower all government employees salaries 30 % since most of them are making more than their counterparts in the private sector .
james , we are not in your district , but , yes , we have been bombarded with those calls , and i will be honest with you , i couldn &apos;t tell you who they are or what they said .
continue to stay strong in jesus and do what is right .
empty promises , he can talk the talk but can &apos;t walk the walk !
wonder what we paid for them and how much obama plans to charge our enemies ?
senator mccain this is not a political issue it &apos;s a humanitarian issue .
graham is just going along with the stalling on this so he can make more deals for himself.trader ! ! !
may jesus bless you and yours , elaine , and all of those true americans in congress working alongside mr. gowdy to save america .
happy father &apos;s day , mr gowdy and may god bless you .
urging you to vote no on betsy devos as secretary of education .
you just lost my vote along with inhofe .
this tax break is simply robbing peter to pay paul .
johnny , please don &apos;t sell us out on this ! ! ! ! ! !
abolish the irs , that &apos;ll take care of our problems .
- william tappan thompson , creator of the confederate flag .
look here you little rino butt plug ! ! !
he squandered this majority before it even sat down to business.and your &quot; difficult &quot; yes vote after the latest fiasco unfortunately indicates you are now an establishment republican .
what i don &apos;t get is why when they talk about cutting spending people all bring up paying soldiers air poor medicaid recipients .
i aree that bruce is a better choice than emily cain .
why don &apos;t you shut up on impeachment !
the young , the weak and the old will be the first to go under agenda 21. depopulation is built into obamacare .
we are counting on you , mike .
obamass will veto it ... betcha !
isn &apos;t it obvious mr. obama is trying to run this country in the ground ...
why is it in obama care can &apos;t recall exactly what section but page 1501 it states that micro chips can be implanted into americans ?
@ rena : that won &apos;t matter : obama is just the pawn .
marsha blackburn .
i am sure the sequester will not stop 20 million dollar vacations for the president .
my thoughts and prayers aren &apos;t with the traitor john mccain .
i am all with rand paul on ending all this crap , but he is the only one .
until you and susan collins start publicly supporting the republican presidential nominee no one should be supporting either of you !
health care should have been funded in a sales tax .
we can do a lot to stop terrorist financing by stopping all foreign aid now and by getting out of the un and getting the un out of this country .
i do not want to live under a socialist / marxist system of government that obama is leading us into and i do not want that for my children and grandchildren .
voted and praying for all of us in district 1 !
he is the reason this has all happened seeing that so much money and support has gone to america &apos;s enemies which he freely has invited in the rapists , murderers , isis , isil , etc .
keep voting no on this , sir .
do not allow the liberals in washington to spread their lies .
we need to close our borders asap !
obama is a weak loser
good job marsha !
although i am not and never have been a crapo supporter , i tip my hat to him for doing what is right .
we all know obama has a problem with the truth , especially when it comes to muslims .
stop wasting our money and let us have affordable health care !
obama has destroyed america , now he is chipping away directly at american citizens to make way for his muslims .
obama isn &apos;t to be feared , he &apos;s to be attacked .
it appears that obama brought up a bunch of problems that he has been one of the contributing factors toward , but he always makes it look like the gop is the guilty one .
then again these past 6 years he has made no sense to me ... where is our congress ?
of course , we have patrick up there who seems to believe every lie he hears from conservative and tea party talking heads .
mr. gowdy i thought sit in and shut down was against house rules .
why wait til now ?
defund it or be voted out
hey patriot !
we have to get rid of this crop of incompetents destroying our economy and country .
why also is it that if he is not above the law are you not doing anything about this ?
it is our job as americans to elect the strongest person for the job next year and to accompany his election with the overwhelming placement of conservatives in congress .
you impeach obama assholes are a hilarious riot ... learn a new catch phrase other than the rush limbaugh crap train ..
how could he let his first vote as speaker of the house be against everything republicans believe in .
did you see how our congress and senate repealed the patriot act ?
in legal terms , that is nothing less than treason ... among all the other charges he is responsible for .
yea ... i as a taxpayer resent those guys sending our planes and tanks to a country that hates us , and may use them on us or israel
happy easter congressman an family &amp; 11th district
i &apos;m voting libertarian
texas gov .
senator moran , i agree this is absurd but we need leadership and compromise on what &apos;s best for our country not one party against another .
even though they are still kept in the loop with obamacare , it is going a long way to protect us from the worst of insurance company abuses .
the only thing scarier than an obama administration is a biden administration .
john thune has new friends :
no obamacare for americans !
no small arms treat , no lost treaty that takes away our control of our borders , etc .
our current business plan is set up for failure .
a good vote we appreciate your doing the rignt thing , even if your current options aren &apos;t what we all hope and pray for
we &apos;re thankful for you mr. gowdy !
one that will make the communist revolution in russia in 1917 look like a picnic .
republican oklahoma senators inofe and coburn voted against giving fema money last year .
however , our country is made up of far more than just white christian men .
but every year now , we find ourselves in an &quot; emergency &quot; and a cr needs to be crafted at the last minute .
according to the constitution , the president can be impeached for even the smallest misdemeanor .
it &apos;s the rhinos who think they are gods that need to be sent home .
flag day !
this is an embarrassment , congressman graves .
he is going to destroy our america if he &apos;s not stopped .
you will find out what that means when the good citizens of north carolina have a chance to vote .
really impeach obama were tired of lies
vote no to cloture &amp; vote yes to defund obamacare !
excuse me , but i don &apos;t believe that many republicans , including senator crapo , opposed the 2003 republican prescription drug plan for medicare that is estimated to cost $ 724 billion over 10 years .
tom , these observations are great , but hand wringing will do nothing to solve the problems .
do not even think about asking for campaign contributions from conservative republicans .
if an unqualified &quot; change &quot; is our best hope here , where are we ?
are you going to turn down the pay increase obama says he just granted to members of b oth the house and senate .
senator isakson - don &apos;t give up on this country !
wee marco , your debate performance and your performance overall in nh show is that you are in no means , shape , matter , or form , ready for prime time .
greg foote - i agree with your term limit comment and elected federal officials should not get any kind of retirement benefits .
i may be wrong here but the way i see it , republicans caved in again .
all it takes is a balanced budget
cut off aid to all foreign countries , bring home all our military , civilian and anyone else who does not need to be there .
justin amash , ron paul , dennis kucinich , rand paul and a few others are making a difference .
that &apos;s a $ 10k jump of which i have no control over and can be directly attributed to obamacare .
i just want to know why you voted for the cromnibus bill
i am also helping to craft a more suitable replacement for the affordable care act .
patriot act , jailing americans for years without charges , invading countries based on lies , spying on americans without judicial oversight .
just don &apos;t remove me from my ag committee position mr. boehner !
you should have been supportive of trump months ago !
you and devos have no experience in this situation .
senator paul and his son should immediately retire from politics .
common sense republicans seem to be a huge problem for the gop .
more borrowing , spending &amp; no real cuts .
trey you are a great american please keep pushing hillary and bengal i she belongs in the big house not the white house .
rand - this may be the moment you were born for ... # bundyranch
so i see that &quot; u.s. senator john thune ( r-sd ) , chairman of the senate committee on commerce , science , and transportation announced that he will be holding hearings on facebook bias . &quot;
they removed the law prohibited our government from propagandizing us citizens .
liberals won &apos;t get all they want conservatives don &apos;t get all they want , but both get some of what they want and the country runs smoothly .
seems like you only vote no for bills that are going to pass anyways .
he has openly spoken against it many times , he has never spoke about it in a positive manner , and he has indeed voted to defund it .
hut , two , three , four ...... all conservatives get in step ! !
i &apos;ll vote wacko all day long !
since then , you and the republican party have left me .
instead of being on facebook maybe get on fox or cnn to point this stuff out ,
we are definitely proud of you rand paul !
sasse = 👎 🏻 👎 🏻 👎 🏻
what should be destroyed is the nsa and the irs .
thanks to you , the constitution is now up for &quot; debate &quot; .
will now begin praying with a dedicated purpose .
what is this obama precedent you reference , or is it just rhetoric to incite support from the bigots and that allowed ga to be the birthplace of the kkk ?
wish we had more like you rand representing us in our government .
marsha , we in tenn are proud of you ...... many comments that are negitive on here are from people that are trying to sway and run you down are not from tenn .. many are hsus backers from ga , tx , il , mi ......
marco rubio , let &apos;s see some action from congress and trump , instead of talk with no action .
the most recent statement from ron paul on the matter that i know of is from the hanity interview where he denied that iran poses a threat to anyone .
if that means we can get the cia in cuba and make all the castro &apos;s disappeared that is just fine w / me !
america is willing to build a 25 billion dollar wall , but will cut school funds in a heartbeat ... bad !
1000 % agree with you mia !
our citizenship is precious and should not be awarded to children of illegals just because &quot; they were born on american soil &quot; .
that &apos;s what i love about you tom , like trump you are not afraid of telling the truth .
they &apos;d do something about the illegal traitor in the white house always stomping on the constitution and even committing treason !
marco , shut up .
so why don &apos;t you vote the way your people want ? should i say bohner and ryan and omnibus you lying sack of $ hit
you will be seeing it for almost 2 more years as the panty waist rinos have promised obama no matter how big a traitor he becomes they will not impeach him .
many republicans brag about opposing taxes , ( which is good ) but support deficit spending which is spending itself .
right why aren &apos;t the elected people in congress doing something about it .
next up ... ted cruz
create a problem , propose a solution , increase budget .
i think everytime obama opens his two lips it &apos;s a waste of time .
just thinking ... perhaps the president &apos;s amnesty is a crime , a high crime , which could serve as an article in a resolution of impeachment .
i pray for it .
i am tide of all the political rhetoric out there we have ask our congress men and women to repeal obamacare and to impeach obama .
please tell our those fools up there the public wants spending cut big time by the goverment and some foreign aid cut to ! ! ! ! !
you have failed sir .
did not think we lived under a king in dc or a king in fl ..... what &apos;s up with this &amp; ) &amp; ^ ^ % % &amp; ^ % ) stuff ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
happy thanksgiving to all of our our military and their families god bless you all amen .
he also gave the muslim brotherhood several of our fighter jets .
you can do it rand paul .
happy thanksgiving to you and your family , rand , and all your friends here , too !
a most blessed &amp; happy thanksgiving for you &amp; the gowdy family , sir ! !
we are going to support a gov &apos;t that dehumanizes it &apos;s own people .... rand paul where &apos;s your common sense ?
let &apos;s not forget that paul ryan secured his seat in congress , also !
when are you people in washington going to wake up and do your main job and that is the protection of our people and the constitution .
obama needs more people on &quot; assistance &quot; to gain more votes .
this is much better than the feds forcing them to do this , or taking their land away , or not allowing them to use their land as has happened in the past .
you are bypassing the entire subject of amnesty in your statement ...
getting the government out of the free market .
praying for you and your loved ones senator tim scott ... &lt; 3
.... yep
well said , senator paul !
our nation is a strong nation and we have been tested before !
the senate has given a clean funding bill .
thanks donald thurlo jr . , buhl , idaho
no military assets to defend american soil !
obama doesn &apos;t want to fix it , he wants to wreck it .
school forces students to sing &apos; islamic fight song &apos; so conservative mom does this.according to recent reports , parents at a california middle school are outraged after discovering that a teach made them sing an islamic &quot; fight song . &quot;
no one is loving putin , but someone has got to have the guts to take him on .
stop giving our money to others take care our own
the never of that jack-wagon call himself conservative.i &apos;m moving back to s.c.just to help y &apos;all vote him out !
it will not cut off the help entirely but it will provide land line phones instead of cell phones .
but , lindsey graham &apos;s stand was more straightforward .
he and his family vacation and spend our money like they are royals .
lou when is the truth going to be told to the american people ?
may the lord go before you and guide your steps
don &apos;t give in to obama care .
congressman lankford , please hold the line on conservative principles .
thank god we have rand and rubio and all the others that attended .
put another way , congressman : we did not send you back to dc in order to make nice with the democrats .
johnny voted to turn the treaty process on its head with the corker alexander mccain crowd which paved the way for this iran deal .
remember the wars that mr. bush got us into ?
you &apos;re such an asshole rubio .
his resignation effectively immediately !
the importance of setting fiscal conservatism first .
there is a reason congress has the lowest approval rating in government , and you are a huge part of that .
thanks for not being a sell out sam .
get some guts and vote no !
depressing though that harry reid and the senate won &apos;t let it through .
while i support israel 110 % , i will never vote for congressman vern buchanan again .
wat right on this thought tom , thanks !
buck up and resign !
a conservative is one who wants to keep what &apos;s rightfully his .
check your facts folks , but obama will veto this bill ... cause it is good for us working guys .
the people that wanted to go over the ceiling just want to force cuts to government programs knowing we have plenty if revenue to pay for the treasury yields .
general breaks the law by lying under oath to congress !
rand and all of the politicians , don &apos;t you hear what the people are saying ?
betsy devos will be a disaster for children across the country .
there is a conservative party .
god daily bless all teachers and school personnel .
this is a false flag and must be stopped .
how about looking into why congress voted to cut the spending budget for their security ?
you sir , and mr. chaffetz , are my heroes .
it will be the same in cuba .
not surprising that our economy is not performing well despite huge government spending .
&apos; tis sad , rand paul , so sad .
amen brother , thanks 4 u &apos;r support ted ! !
we need to mind our business , not theirs .
i wish you guys would impeach ombama
mr rand i know alot of women would love to hear your wife speak here in colorado !
no lou , he can &apos;t be trusted .
he lies and people in congress needs to wake up to what the fact that many citizens want him gone period .. that you need to take the money people out of the halls of congresses
just for the record marco , where did you stand on sb6 , the bill about teacher pay ?
so what is your plan tom ?
the epa is protecting the water supplies of 117 million people with this policy .
mr mccain , i live and grew up in australia but you are my hero !
he just seems to keep getting away with it !
i propose a low flat rate sales tax across the board .
everyone said this would happen why doesn &apos;t congress listen to the people ! !
it is real simple mr. crapo , and you don &apos;t need a &quot; task force &quot; to do it .
obama can get away with what he does only because congress allows him to do so .
congress lets key part of zadroga act expire this fresh data on cancers among 9 / 11 responders makes it all the more pressing for congress to end an irresponsible political stall and extend the zadroga law providing medical treatment to 9 / 11 heroes , which expired at the end of september .
you know irs and nsa are only the tip of the melting iceberg .
while you are at it get rid of dept of education ....
if you don &apos;t like thune then don &apos;t vote for him next time .
betsy devos is one of the least qualified people who could have been appointed to this office .
there is massive spending that can be cut .... massive amounts , but libs / dems refuse to cut anything .
mr davis , why are you even a fan of this page and / or of the senator ?
you are not a hero , you are dam traitor .
he really does think &quot; we the people &quot; are stupid .
no what you should be is out of office for your back room deals with the liberals .
the americans for tax reform list also failed to account for other tax cuts that are part of obama &apos;s record , including nearly $ 220 billion in tax cuts that were part of the federal stimulus .
mrs devos is clearly unqualified .
cut overall spending and set time limits on entitlements .
if you dig deeper you can find the way to start proceedings for impeachment before he does something that is going to cost thousands of lives .
what a wimp and a traitor you are to your party .
you should of been on board a long time ago
i veto mcconnel and ky
where was this out rage after the seven to eight attacks on us embassies during george w bush &apos;s administration i usually tend to agree with you but you &apos;re kind of an idiot on this one rand
you are not there to work with this president , liberal , and democraps ...... your there to up hold the constitution and do the peoples of sc , will .
no amount of money will ever equal the spending , and most of that spending is against the law ( constitution is the ultimate law of the land , any action against it are illegal actions ) .
as i recall he was beating up on the republicans a few months ago when he accused them of trying to do the same thing that he is doing now .
can we clone you so your second can run against our rino in the 4th congressional district ?
i &apos;m surprised this sales tax deduction isn &apos;t getting more attention .
* we expect you to listen to the average conservative voter , not fight them !
maybe it &apos;s time the politicians wake up and start serving the constituents instead of themselves .
god bless all their families &amp; loved ones &amp; comfort them in this terrible time ahead : (
creating a permanent welfare society won &apos;t do anyone any good , but a jobs-creation environment will .
there is no third party that has ever pulled enough votes away from a democrat and caused an election to go to the republicans !
i also want answers to the benghazi fiasco .
no , the first responsibility of any american president is to defend the constitution .
he &apos;s gotten away with it for 7 years and congress doesn &apos;t have the guts to tell him no !
enjoy every moment mr scott !
sincerely , a fellow conservative , mr. john gadomski
just remember the sacrifices the military is making serving in two wars for our freedom when obama tries to push for military pay freezes for the next 3 years .
88 % he wants congress to lay down and give him what he wants .
it &apos;s not ok what obama and his gang is doing .
-- mitch mcconnell
they called me and wanted me to leave my name , phone number amount i owe the irs ( i owe them nothing ) this is a harassment calland should be reported to the federal governement
don &apos;t just listen to your constituents , listen to the everday people .
should have never took it away ! ! ! ! ! !
well his fathers not , get on board or enjoy socialism
a year will not make a difference except to allow the feds to get all of the computer programs linked to the states .
reid is looking to allow 20 million illegal visitors become citizens .
you care about the american people , and any of the turds trolling conservative pages are simply attempting to show dissent to pressure y &apos;all in to going along with their socialist plans .
time to vote this man out apparently was not listening to his constituents
i ; m beginning to think he actually believes the stuff he spout .
i am enjoying both the paul &amp; angle races.so sharron has my vote , and rand has another $ 35 from me !
agree 100 % with mia !
we always hear from congress how wrong this president is but have yet to see one idea from you .
i &apos;m with you , tom .
impeach him if he uses executive orders for gun control .
south carolina should be very proud .
&quot; o &quot; communist and his czar cronies , will not stop pushing their anti american policies , into the face of &quot; we the people &quot; , infringing on personal freedoms .
anything funded with tax dollars needs to be cut .
the first executive order should be change the math back to were you can understand it ! !
as one of your constituents , i am so very disappointed that you would consider supporting mrs. devos for secretary of education given her lack of support for public education and the total lack of experience she would bring to this important position .
tom , isn &apos;t that economics 101 - or even middle school math ? ? ? ! !
but you must also relize , boehner will be blamed and hated if taxes are raised or also if we go off the cliff , he &apos;s no winner either way ! !
i hope we &apos;ll see marco rubio in 2016 , cross your fingers , he &apos;s the future of our party !
sensible sir
me gowdy you can change the whole outlook in the world we are leaning on your shoulders from a depending veteran
impeach him on breaking our laws .
and i &apos;m sorry this country wasn &apos;t ready for ron paul , and sadly it doesn &apos;t surprise me .
it truly will take god to come into there life &apos;s to stop them idiots .
prosecute and defund .
but , a little late since he started out early trying to hedge his bets !
rino is the name you have earned ; republican in name only .
got some ideas on how ya &apos;ll are gonna put a stop to obama &apos;s phone and pen ?
vote paul ryan out
i have been a supporter of yours since we moved to sc 8 years ago .
that is not something we should sacrifice our military for .
lol , never mind they can &apos;t come here anyway .... waste more of our tax dollars on show votes that are meaningless .
as a member of congress you as well as the others are responsible for obummer doing all the damage !
we need you trey gowdy to go for speaker job ! ! !
tim , you need to stay in washington , that &apos;s where the problems are .
he needs to leave and not even look back except for the worst president we have ever had .. he beats nixon by far
but when you released active terrorist to save a soldier that very well may have been a traitor and then let someone who is completely innocent be killed that way ... well ... here &apos;s your sign what our president is up to
keep up the good work , senator scott .
i will not vote for you again mr. isakson if you side with obama at all on any gun law changes .
senator ted cruz ! ! !
i would have been down on the senate floor doing everything in my power to block the implementation of obamacare .
vote yes for devos .
pray tell , what liberties have you lost ?
repeal it already
if obama wants to veto it , you know it should be passed .
fine , yes , pray god heals them , that &apos;s great .
it seems it was reagan in 1980 and and if i recall it was used in a speech he gave in mississippi .
you know , sir , i am beginning to like you .
maybe &quot; we the people &quot; need to express to our &quot; leaders &quot; that we are tired of their b.s.
stand up for liberty rand ! ! !
amen marsha , you told it right .
i love the no tax on a mans labor the way it was intended very well .
we don &apos;t really need to spend money deporting anyone , just kill off the magnet that brings them here ... jobs , healthcare , etc .
you and your father make this country proud senator paul .
the current united states of america government whose illegitimate chief executive is the so called barak hussein obama is illegitimate and has no political power over the territory .
and sign up for free to numbersusa and help them fight amnesty - they are there 24 / 7 to stop it !
john boehner is protecting obama and he needs to also go .
no federal money is used for abortions .
obama just let illegal immigrants jump in line ahead of her and do it freely .
mr. rubio , sad to read you are placing hillary in the white house .
don &apos;t let them take away our freedoms by only giving us alternative facts .
this treaty is dangerous to american families and will damage america !
great post lee .
the president hates america !
we &apos;ve got to nominate romney .
may god bless all of you !
standing with you senator tim !
i believe this can happen with more people like you and your father , dr. paul .
he can fool you but he is not going to fool me .
nope 1000 better places to spend the money
no amnesty then
also , what about &quot; life , liberty &amp; the pursuit of happiness &quot; ?
sir could you please do something about dadt , bring it back in and repeal it .
if you want to say &apos; yes &apos; to the american people , pass the fair tax !
keep fighting , rep. love , we got your back .
does it matter when kerry gives egypt 250 million in aid over the weekend .
on deck : ndaa - patriot act
mia love , you are one fantastic lady !
you do not want to be their master , so i &apos;ve lost hope you can win rand .
tom mcclintock is not one of them .
how come congress doesn &apos;t do anything about it ?
where have our tax dollars gone ? ? ?
the republicans came into the house with two issues - a budget that needed to be approved that should have been done last year ( before oct 1 ) and now the debt ceiling .
its time for out elected officials to get serious about having this admin of obama &apos;s do some serious prison time .
yeah right rand if you ask all the gov dependent cuban trash who have been let in our country in the past couple decades .
100 % agree trey should be leader , mcarthy is boehners puppet it will be more of the same
cant wait for you to vote on term limits
i know that you and senator scott have heard from your constituents via phone and email and chose to ignore their wishes .
close the borders now , and don &apos;t let obama bring in syrian refugees , of course many terrorist are already here .
how do you explain this man having high approval ratings and the media totally not holding him responsible for anything he does .
harry reid is not the only one elected by the people .
jeezus , you have absolutely no integrity !
i voted for cain but sorry this is to little to late , from both parties .
i pray for you often 🦃
nikki haley no longer has my vote or support , and now tom rice doesn &apos;t , either .
can blame all this on the last administration , for giving all that money to iran .
grateful to have men of honor &amp; integrity representing me &amp; sc in the senate &amp; congress .
another president was impeached but he still remained as president in the wh .
i &apos;ve met this young man and know what a fine christian he is .
when the ancestors of the men and women who died under this flag be sacraficed.noone sees the importance of history and the fact that is our history , i am a son of the confederate and proud .
he took many liberties away .. the same ones obama has kept going .
i have to say that , despite being elected twice by a majority of american voters , your &quot; king &quot; does what he can to pursue what that majority of american voters wants to see by using executive privilege , bypassing the most useless congress in us history .
did you vote for the continuing resolution to allow the debt ceiling increase ?
we love you and respect you johnny i
she has absolutely no experience with public education and is intent on privatizing the public school system .
wow 10 % reduction a year for ten years and obama get to further bankrupt this country now .
a fair tax would renew this country .
and this is because you are a true patriot with unselfish motives for serving this country !
that is where government is useful and valid .
unequivocally , that person is not betsy devos .
all of my family in nc voted for you ! ! !
the occupant of the wh is only a figure head for those who have been installed to undermine and destroy this country .
we must pray and demand to take them out i pray for all nations and peoples to be freed of this evilness
seems like the president has toooooooo much power and now he wants more and i am sure you will give it to him .
use your authority and stop him ! !
i can &apos;t believe you guys would stand up an applaud for someone that is destroying this once great nation
but yes , with a plan for paying off the debt , some taxes would go up , but perhaps not overall .
we need senator rubio and all the rest to stand up for the people of this nation and stop importing more .
i &apos;ve always thought senator lamar alexander was mostly one of the level-headed ones , but this statement above is shameful , misleading , and dangerous .
why would you want to defund something that is beneficial for americans ?
i agree , we need to impeach obama but but but , remember when clinton was impeached ?
if the president violated the constitution , impeach him !
god bless you and your family always ! !
can &apos;t say the same for betsy devos .
when this traitor in chief is sending billions to our enemies and other mb islamaniacs ... all the while importing more to settle here to suck on us and now they want to vote ?
can only use drones on americans on american soil .
marco , you , mitt , lindsey , and other republicans act like a bunch of 3rd graders .
but hey ted , what the heck are you going to do about it ?
clapper and the ultimate liar , kommie obommie should both be in jail for perjury and treason !
we trust you mr. trey gowdy ! ! ! ! ! !
truly believe obamacare will destroy itself .
you tell him , rand ! ! !
@ jason ropte , you do know don &apos;t you that every time someone goes into the hospital and has no insurance , you as a taxpayer pays for his / her care don &apos;t you ?
tom , that &apos;s how we arrived at our current state
mitch got a back door agreement if he caved .
paul ryan you are weak !
hang tight so obama &apos;s lawlessness will not prevail
we are now demanding , by way of protests , calls , letters , emails , fb posts and every possible way we can think of to tell you ... vote no on devos .
god bless you and keep you safe ....
when are you going to resign .
what a disgrace you are to utah .
yes , the senate has not done their job and obama hasn &apos;t done his .
i agree david ... impeach obama now ! !
nothing here talks about why you voted how you voted on the amnesty bill .
it is ok to be right and a &quot; wacko bird &quot; .
i &apos;d vote for mr. mcclintock any day !
does that justify mark kelly absolutely violating federal law by lying on the form to purchase an ar-15 ?
this is what happens when the leading party in congress simply vows to stop anything the president does in order to make him a signle-term president .
mr obama &apos;s exact words are &quot; this would not be an open-ended intervention .
we all hated it but there wasn &apos;t anything our congressman could do to stop that obama &apos;s foolishness with his stooges backing him up .
stop the political posturing , and get the zadroga bill passed permanently !
before long , the jihadist in the white house will be flying drones overhead and dropping bombs on america &apos;s homes , with the complicity of this doofas from south carolina .
by the smallest of margins
i thought you had it going but it turned out you are a rhino who does not represent the republic of america .
rand paul 2016 ... its on my car &apos;s bumper ; how about yours ?
btw , as expected , vern voted no on ending &quot; don &apos;t ask , don &apos;t tell &quot; &amp; a resounding yes on his tax cut extension !
he didn &apos;t give amnesty !
obummer does not follow the constitution !
its too late and you know it .
were the security briefings on benghazi for mitt romney scrubbed ? this question has yet to be asked and it could be huge .
happy birthday ron paul
sir i say impeach him
i was a huge supporter of mr paul until today when he voted to accept the nomination of the secretary of education .
wish we could end the do nothing era of ryan .
same old hot air with no substance .
too bad they can &apos;t think beyond the moment , the last administration has left us extremely vulnerable , your job is to protect us .
betsy devos has no qualifications for the position of secretary of education .
ted i hope sean tells you the truth because the head of the fcc is muslin and will not listen to you or any one but obama
he only knows how to destroy our beloved country ! !
please read the bill from the &quot; gang of eight &quot; ... major pork in terms of lunacy in the bill .... rubio was sold a bridge on this !
another spineless politician that does not care what the people think !
i got my hours cut and lost my insurance before obama care .
your patriotism as a prisoner of war , pales in comparison to your obligation as a patriotic representative to stand down for our constitution and all americans .
so cutting wasteful spending won &apos;t get the job done .
i just told aderholt that i promised boehner if he votes for me for speaker i &apos;ll ask obama for his ss # .
they are clearly the enemy since 9 / 11 .
can you say impeachment
i am sure that your state could use and manage that revenue more wisely than the feds could .
just read the ryan document .
marco 2016 - is so sad that latinos have been brained washed by the democratic party .
please do not confirm betsy devos .
dear congressman poliquin is it possiable for me to get the list of the names of islamist leaders in iran and the amount of funds they have gathered in banks .
another example : mccain &apos;s salary .
i know that you are trying to represent us in kansas .
once again do your job and represent the citizens of north carolina .
he has cross the line many times &amp; yet nothing has been done ...
you and lindsey are cute !
we continue to pray for you often .
coburn is disgracing us .
there &apos;s no need for a balanced budget .
republicans have done this over and over again ; approving tax increases and kicking spending cuts down the road .
i like your stance on this sir .
he wont listen he &apos;s a socialist idiot ... one of lenin &apos;s offspring !
he was going to change the world , blah , blah , blah ... i still wear my mccain t-shirt &amp; sweatshirt &amp; still have my mccain bumpersticker on my vehicles ( even on the back of my motorcycle helmet ) because i &apos;m not switching sides like so many people seem to have done .
you wake up and your family dr. is not on the list .
i didn &apos;t vote for obama .
he just needs a backbone to support him and the progressive rinos currently heading up the gop are not it .
he has acted within constitutional authority regardless of what repubs say .
obama overall is hurting americans big time and his obamacare is hurting americans worse .
then you walk into wal-mart hand them 900.00 + sales tax and they send you a 10-99 in the mail .
can &apos;t we just impeach potus ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
tell harry reid to get off this duff and fund the veterans i don &apos;t like being used as a political tool by any party in office .
too little , too late , mr. ryan .
not be conscious of their travel - they need to flat stay home &amp; quick spending our taxpayer dollars for their fun time .
praying for you &amp; your baby .
easy , with a spineless congress .
duncan sc says it &apos;s &quot; spot-on &quot; .
boehner and mcconnell need to put down the scotch and grow a pair .
glad that they are putting you into a position that will help get maine and this country back on the right track !
let harry reid and nancy p explain why they refuse to vote to fund socsec , the mlitary , the va etc .... the only item that will not be sent funded will be obamacare .
did you actually donate your salary lindsey or was this another lie ?
god bless him for standing on the truth !
obama is in desperate need of cash to disperse to our enemies .....
only obama does these sort of things !
too bad i waited too late to try to change it .
just exactly when does anyone think obama is going to 1. put our national security first , 2. follow the law ; and 3. halt all plans to transfer gitmo detainees to the united states ? ? ? ?
finally richard .. but .... maybe too little too late !
impeach obama and i think we should they guy back over there he dint want be here in the first place
he lies so much he can &apos;t keep up with the lies .
oooohhhhh , china is the reason you all caved too .... they have to look out for their investment after all .
i hate obamacare .
being a life long republican i am truly upset that you have chosen to belittle senator paul and his concern about the 5th amendment and the abuse of executive power .
mr. trey gowdy , i love how you have been going after clinton for benghazi , but i would love even more to see you go after those complicit in the 9 / 11 attack ; yes im talking about the cia .
he wants to lead us off the cliff .
robert hayes patrick nulloy-- your robert hayes wrote : &quot; patrick mulloy- whom do you classify as job creators ?
how do we get through to senator graham - you understand us , he doesn &apos;t .
how many calls did you receive for / against the amnesty bill ?
likewise , mia .
you sir have betrayed us all in who believed in you .
and elliott my boyfriend is in the marine core so , i know he would be with you on this .
the eyes of americans are on you you can &apos;t just pick what part of our constitution you will follow
i would like for the senate to do its sworn duty and convict and remove obama from office .
love ya scott your the only one with any balls !
mr. amash should start working with the president or get out of the way , resign and let someone who can work do the job .
our government is broken and broke !
reagan would have hit them with everything we &apos;ve got - back when they beheaded the first american .
james , mr. nixon was impeached for having papers taken , known as watergate .
thomas jefferson
raymond james if you tried to use the burn off gas from oil wells , it would ruin your furnace , creating a situation that would cause an explosion .
while you &apos;re at it , speak out against the amnesty of millions of illegals please !
supporting devos is a bad move .
why are you supporting obama arming known terrorist ?
and c ) he is incredibly arrogant
if you cannot do the job that you were elected to do , support the people and the constitution , then you should resign and let someone with courage and character do it .
i do thank mr obama for stopping the return to the moon debacle proposed under bush .
all you politicians took a pledge on that stage to support the nominee .
by the way deborah , sen thune isn &apos;t ready for the white house yet , he is needed in the senate to offset harry reid and his agenda .
explain sir , if you would .
she has absolutely no experience in our public schools .
there needs to be a special prosecutor assigned , because holder is compromised .
up to you and the gop to stop or defund him ! ! !
you and graham need to relax and let the president fulfill his campaign promises .
tom , why do you always do this ... why don &apos;t you offer solutions instead of complaining ? ? ?
the rnc makes me sick .
and you support rubio ! !
while your at it senator take the time to impeach trump .
this whole administration needs to be impeached and everyone needs to register independent ! !
no more taxes !
in the time of prosperity , fill their hearts with thankfulness , and in the day of trouble , suffer not their trust in thee to fail ; all which we ask through jesus christ our lord .
this president is a disaster and a menace to the united states of america
not by a president established when they first screwed the constitution .
why hasn &apos;t obama been arrested for treason ?
too bad you haven &apos;t been on board all along .
don &apos;t let our govt .
a flat income tax in combination with a national sales tax .
there efforts are placed in the wrong direction , and are illegal on our tax dollar .
merry christmas to you and yours mr. gowdy and happy new year to .
one solution is effective immediately all members of the government in washington dc , have their pay reduced to $ 1 / year .
business wants predictability , business wants lower taxes , business wants fiscal responsibility .
supreme court already ruled on it , jerry cartwright
read your constitution !
abolish the irs investigate the fraud committed by obama &apos;s identity theft arrest obama and all involved in keeping his secrets investigate benghazi
can &apos;t wait to vote for rand paul tomorrow !
sheri kerley on what grounds does he need to be impeached ?
president obama is keeping yet another promise , and this is in line with the timeline george bush proposed - remember ?
what is your alternative considering tennessee is very low in education in the national rankings ?
if we shut off washington dc &apos;s money supply then maybe they will listen what are they going to do arrest every american in the country why should we keep paying taxes to support all the illegals that her and obama have brought across the border to win this election !
senator corker , as a registered voter from shelby county tn i respectfully ask you to vote no for betsy devos to be secretary of education .
troy and i will continue praying for you ! ! !
every time he opens his mouth , his nose gets longer !
these military were provoked by muslim brotherhood and they fired back ! !
ron paul &apos;s idiot son .
this type of reasoning is why i &apos;m especially disgusted with the self-serving washington republican leadership and minions like yourself trying to excuse their involvement and place total blame on the potus .
rand paul big thanks ..
really senator mccain why don &apos;t you concentrate on saving the a-10 .
cnn + fox news = evil
defund obamacare , listen to the people .
sofia jozefowicz , we understand exactly what you are and you need to have the same fate the muslim obama bin laden is going to receive .
watched you senator scott you are great !
justin amash we support you 100 % please do not sel out like rand paul
you and senator senator ted cruz are great patriots .
the division of power is working exactly as our founding fathers intended .
keep on our good side and avoid being a target , when the shtf , you will definitely want to be behind the patriots because we are not going to back down .
you , mccain and mcconnell are poster children for why we need term limits !
when are you and the rest of you and the rest of the people we have elected to take care of us going to stand up to this president ?
you held both houses and caved in to obama for the last almost eight years ! ! !
gop senators talk only no guts to take action neither does the tea party .
can the real leaders in american please stand up ?
you are a fool isakson
among them are a few texas oil millionaires , and an occasional politician or businessman from other areas .
rand paul for president someday ! ! !
our country has devolved into such a police state that it has occurred to me that a border fence might be used to keep us in just as effectively as it can keep &quot; them &quot; out .
don &apos;t back down you wacko bird .
i myself gave money &amp; vounteer help to scott brown &amp; dennis moore &amp; will continue to support conservative reps &amp; candidates .
mia we need you in washington and we love you in utah .
as a public school teacher and a georgia native , i am saddened by your statement as it shows a true lack of understanding of the education system and the devastating impact devos will have on it .
if you sir can &apos;t figure out the # islamicnazi in the # whitehouse is destroying our military and this great country .
i think if a conservative breathes it makes liberals mad .
i &apos;d rather be called a wacko bird than an idiot !
i agree with rich` , gail` and the many others that support online poker .
bush certainly did his share of damage to the debt , but nothing has come to close to obama in running up the debt .
he opposes obamacare , kinda like he supports the 2nd amendment while voting to allow a gun control bill to move forward ..... talk is cheap , senator .... man up and actually show us something ....
you and mccain say you proudly support the give america away bill .
right ... nothing is obama or his administrations fault .
abolish amnesty bill .
most of america wants us to get our debt under control .
we are very proud of you , mia love .
merry christmas congressman gowdy and family .
just like anything else concerning his take on foreign affairs lately .
extremism or impeachable acts from either party is not what america needs .
however he was impeached for his cover-up that didn &apos;t cost one life .
he probably has all sorts of info about all the republican senators &amp; congressmen &amp; is gonna use it to black mail them into submission ! !
you are doing what god wants you to do .
lindsey , many believe the same about you .
they would of never voted for boehner either
for those of us that live here in arizona robert , i doubt if your opinion is shared very much .
this sadly is one of thousands of insults to the american people that obama and his posse have dished out .
tom mcclintock calif. mark meadows n.c. luke messer ind .
your job is to listen to your constituents .
i can &apos;t believe he compared the wait time to disney world , he must have lost his mind .
rand , ryan , and rubio .
senator alexander : i am asking you to vote no no no on betsy devos as secretary of education .
this presidential term can &apos;t end soon enough lee !
congress will no longer set &amp; approve any future funding bills for the government ( a core principle of the constitution ) .
roy has great name recognition and we need the gop in power but no to rinos .
isn &apos;t it time to repost a newer comment senator graham i mean .... hello this has been posted during the shutdown how many times now ?
say goodbye to being re elected in florida you pos ! !
iran said they wouldn &apos;t do anymore bad stuff after the treaty was signed .
his.color coronated him the first king since king george iii ruled the 13 colonies .
mia love , if you fight this battle , we the people will fight right along beside you until we have made this thing right .
the senate has passed a clean cr take that up .
marsha , i wd question how many of us here in brentwood knowingly and unknowingly employ illegal aliens .
tim from tennessee .
he is in jail charged with murder what are they protesting ?
call for treason charges for obama and kerry , because both have committed it with this bs iran &apos; deal &apos; !
dont worry tom , the one you are talking about is put away good and not being used , the one washington goes by has been on the scene for about 4 year , it tell us the president makes all the laws .
pres obama &amp; reid are not advocating raising taxes on the middle class or small businesses .
you delivered john boehner to speaker .
yes but as usual your preaching to the choir you need to take your case to the obama voters and convince them , that is truly your job and you in congress ain &apos;t getting it done !
everyone &apos;s healthcare has changed because of this law , all of the working people have picked up the tab for the uninsured .
u r hitting a home run tonight marco !
we have hd our fill of bo and his admin corruptus in extremis corrupt to the extreme !
he &apos;s too spineless to be in that position .
very poor , self-serving decision on your part mr. enzi .
i really like rand paul but believe the media would crucify him .
i ho0pe he holds his breath until the dems cut spending .
if indeed the missile defense system remains in place , i &apos;d rather give johnny the benefit of the doubt on this vote .
greg will you also support term limits on all congress and senate ?
potus flat out told the republicans if you don &apos;t want me to take executive action then do something and they chose to do nothing then went on a 3 week vacation .
shame on all republican &quot; leaders &quot; who have not supported him and may be helping her get in the wh - which will finish ruining the usa ( in my opinion )
i am a tn voter and i do not support betsy devos because she is simply unqualified to be the secretary of education .
i guess i can &apos;t even hope that my freshman rep diane black will vote against it as the vast majority of us who worked to get her elected wants !
he couldn &apos;t even look at romney .
that he is leaving the country and never returning .
learn to listen to your constituents .
that &apos;s what obama and his crew are good at .
john boehner .. the way he didn &apos;t pull any of us with that big blow hard mouth of his today .. john boehner will cave to obama .. you sir , , shall be judged harshly .. you make a good speech .. i guess it &apos;s true beauty is only skin deep
joni ernst why does she still have security clearance trey gowdy i think she needs to lose that clearance
merry christmas mr. thune and family and to all the great people of south dakota .
immigration is not broken , securing our border is broken .
otherwise you and all the gutless wonders kissing obama &apos;s butt and being traitors to your constituents and nation will be voted out of office .
put yourselves on obamacare , don &apos;t take money when you no longer have the job .
tim , you did a nice job getting a conservative message out .
i believe it is just another case of if pres obama is for it , gop will be against it .
if dollar printing is all we need .
no tax hikes , no new spending , no raising the debt ceiling under any circumstances whatsoever .
add sen. rand paul .
as a citizen if we did this to the irs we wold lose our house land hitwith s hefty fine and given a prison term .
he is a liberal progressive , just like obama .
you need to resign ! !
i pay cigarette tax whats the difference ?
semper fi congressman bridenstine .
on a ship that &apos;s grounds for a mutiny , in the military that &apos;s the firing squad or life in prison .
we are held accountable for our actions and so should be our government &quot; officials &quot; .
i heard so many assertions that a muslim ban was wrong and unamerican during the election from like likes of paul ryan and mitch mcconnell but now they are silent .
keep your nose on the aca and vote to defund it .
i bet it does not stop their vacations .
bless you fine patriot .
dont you think you should be doing your job and standing up for the american people and standing with rand paul
i want change ; i want my dollar to go further and spend it myself rather than the government spending my money .
sending prayers from kentucky
the senate and the house passed budget targets back in april 2013. after that they are suppose to go to conference and come to agreed overall numbers to spend and revenue to raise .
any write in vote for brannon is a vote for kay hagan and harry reid .
how about starting articles of impeachment against the president .
he wants to strengthen our national defense , our borders and our economy .
we want you to reject any spending bill that does not defund obama &apos;s executive amnesty !
maybe it &apos;s truly time for a third and fourth party .
i agree tony , but the problem is , they can &apos;t spell .
if you vote for repeal without replacement , you will be serving people who don &apos;t care about your constituents and who only care about making the rich richer .
other than he is un-american and a traitor .
god bless you mr. gowdy and your family this year and years to come .
don &apos;t make americans compete for jobs with illegal aliens , amnesty will increase the jobless rate to 30 % &amp; our national debt will increase cos most illegals are illiterate and live on tax payers dollars !
thanks , ted , for continuing to be our voice .
obama is about obama not the what &apos;s best for the usa .
please stop being a rino and get america back to work
usc is @ florida and @ auburn and @ clemson.m
npr is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to government handing out money without constitutional authority .
apply all the facets of obamacare to the congress that pushed it through !
you are wastefully spending tax money with ease i bet you are thankful
so you will probably go down as one who betrayed the ones who elected you and the entire conservative community .
i become more and more discouraged as a georgia voter .
no do something about it .
represent tennessee first not the republican party .
impeach him already ! !
keep on fighting the good fight diane .
but withholding or cutting aid significantly will send a message .
you and lindsey are a disgrace to this country and your party ! !
it &apos;s beyond me how these judges , be it lib or conservative , can rule against the constitution of the usa .
i also say they should be sent to gitmo and be treated as a threat through military channels .
well i can tell you that mr lamar and gov .
it wasn &apos;t until reagan and the rest of you shortsighted republicans started cutting and underfunding our educational system that it started to fail .
impeachment ! !
... can &apos;t lead , doesn &apos;t know how to negotiate , so it &apos;s my way or the highway .... time to start impeachment proceedings .
bur not doing anything concrete to try &amp; correct this situation before it &apos;s too late , people should be outraged at obama and all the detrimental rules he has imposed on the american people an the freedoms he is taking away ! !
the president &apos;s power to issue executive orders comes from congress and the u.s. constitution .
the health care system is a joke and our government screws us for more tax .
actually you need to be praying for the rest of the country as you supported cloture on the gun control bill and our rights are being taken away from us .
conservative is the answer , not go-along , get-along .
reid is obamas lap dog .
the world is watching and waiting , sir .
poor rubio .
ted , can we please see all i your emails from 2013 ?
love you marco but i still would like to see you as a preacher of the gospel .
we are all slaves to the government as it stands we are all loosing our freedom every time they write a new law !
he just will not quit doing that .
unless of course it is to give other peoples money away by force .
impeach obama ... there have plenty of grounds for it .
james , love you from your campaign &gt; but please do something in washington .
do not let harry reid stand in your way .
becky is not unlike ted cruz - she will not be a &quot; show vote republican &quot;
fuuuck obama
just hang your head , sir .
i do believe the good people of georgia have spoken very clearly.honor the oath you took , and uphold the constitution .
praying for you today friend !
maybe they are too old and tied to stand up for the constitution and need to retire .
we need term limits for congress and impeachment for obama .
if obama sign the exact same document they would be applauding him , praising him even .
yes to cloture is yes to obamacare !
pssst marco , he didn &apos;t ask you 🙄
the house is only an effective body in terms of checks and balances when it is willing to use its authority to face down the other branches if they overreach .
be a true american as president like our founding fathers , don &apos;t just fill a suit .
you of all people marco have the gall to say you honor our veterans , when you &apos;re in cahoots with the warhawks john mccain , lyndsey graham , and joe lieberman ?
thank god and our military for our freedoms and may god continue to bless our country with those very freedoms that are threatened today !
his inability to honor our law and our constitution is more then a loss for us , it will bring down a consequence on him .
arrest him , charge him with treason .
he will not seek approval of congress on the debt ceiling , he will do as he wishes .
asap = always sending a prayer
gee , when will we constitutional conservatives ever learn that we &apos;re just too stupid to run our own lives and beg liberals to do it for us ?
kevin r tengesdal : obama is not rep. cramer &apos;s boss .
he is nothing but a traitor !
it is time to call him in this poker hand .
we have a kenyan , muslim communist in our wh .
senator mccain i would like you to address why the united states is easing sanctions on russia after they attached our election .
prayers for senator scott and his family at this time .
people are just gonna die because the govt wants alot of people out of the way .
oh , gotta go stump for the broken robot romney .
scott you are the only current official that will get my voice the rest of my votes will go to new republicans .
then it will not cover any pre-existing conditions and it will have a cap so , god forbid if you have a really bad accident or illness , or you will reach your cap and have no coverage .
reagan said he would replace them all with 48 hours .
we don &apos;t really believe much you have to say anymore sir , your record is about like obamas !
pastebin you should resign
mr. rant paul .
you have made quite a few comments that could be construed as catty about the president-- as you sure you dislike mr. hagel because of his views , or because the president liked him and because your fellow r &apos;s don &apos;t want to like anything the president does that might be good ?
no lawsuits ? ?
i &apos;m praying for you and elsie and your staff .
and god bless you sir and all you hold dear !
the only ones that benefit are the loony liberals that support obama .
omg .... poor little conservatives cant handle reality .....
you and your mickey mouse club &quot; gang of 8 &quot; are complete jokes in our country and no true conservative respects you or your views .
stay the conservative course ! !
we do not have to have the same belief or values or whatever but he is our president and we should respect him and pray for him since our country is now in his hands .
that should override all party politics .
obummer and hildabeast for prison
all the administrators in our georgia high achieving districts , and pretty much everywhere else think she is unqualified .
john mccain is a collaborating weasel quisling .
apparently all you need is to donate a pile of cash to the current president makes you qualified .
obama is not a stupid man , he knows exactly what he is doing .
get em dr. paul
we already have a huge federal deficit , and the dod must learn to balance a reduced budget just like the rest of our federal agencies .
did she get wind that her constituents are upset about her silence regarding defunding obamacare ?
here is an idea how about you vote to repeal the affordable care act again !
we need our president to say &quot; no more ! &quot;
from the south american countries all the way to the middle east , the taxpayers see their taxes go up and have to pay more while not being able to save for either their futures nor for their children and grandchildren .
i pray for another president some day like president reagan !
no mandate that teachers be armed and no mandate that school dists have to approve it .
obama has absolutely no class .
please trey gowdy run for president !
eliminate salaries of senate &amp; congress that are no longer in office , cut out their &amp; the presidents lifetime pay &amp; medical , save a lot of money &amp; make it right since our military got that cut first &amp; they deserve it after 20 years ...
then why is obama covering it up ?
we must stop this spend spend spend .
could you please put the final report on benghazi out .
i can &apos;t vote for you since i live in north carolina .
mr. mccain , after your being in office ( imo for way too long ) to help , where the hell is your solution ?
default now or later , it is going to happen .
morons , write in ron paul and obama wins .
just waiting to see which rinos cave , mitch mcconnell .
some one please explain to me why obama has not been brought up on treason charges for funding the enemy knowing that the syrian rebels have joined the al qaeda movement .
they want republicans to cave to their demands , and keep on spending money like a drunk sailor in a cathouse !
ms. devos is in no way qualified to lead the department of education .
if we remain divided as a nation our forefathers tell us we will fall .
move out of the way ryan .
senator paul is unequivocally wrong on this .
dave is doing the will of the people who put him in office , he is not required to do the will of those who voted against him .
i am one of those 800,000 and i fully support defunding obamacare , even if it means shutting us down .
cut funding now ! !
one of them is the proposal that congress set up a review committee that will review the decisions of all federal judges and the justices of the supreme court , for compliance with the constitution .
the republican party will never be the same !
mia you have said it all , thanks for being a voice of the ppl , for the the ppl !
i had the feeling the irs activity and holder activity revelations were a distraction from benghazi .
i too support this and all your efforts senator paul .
oh mia ! !
same to you , sir !
bad information in bad information out sir .
devos has no experience whatsoever in public education .
wondering if you have read a paper or been awake while you have been serving in congress .
you could start by initiating the fair tax and abolishing the irs !
if you want to win relection it would be best to vote with the american people rather than mitch mcconell .
no internet tax .
marco what do you think about cutting salaries of senators and congressmen and other government employees ?
you guys are all talk
praying for everyone ... i agree ... government is pushing people to the breaking point !
of education than betsy devos .
i &apos;d sure like to see you and marco rubio stand together again , ready to lead our nation with honor .
rubio you aren &apos;t ready .
well i disagree with you jae orumn the president is doing everything he can to protect himself and his muslim buddy &apos;s he don &apos;t give a tinkers damm about the public
deacon ... i absolutely agree !
vote no no no on devos .
instead of trying to change our laws to help illegal aliens and destroy our borders , you need to be helping the americans you took an oath to serve .
it &apos;s nice to know that you don &apos;t care about oklahoma or it &apos;s school system .
i really don &apos;t listen to him because i don &apos;t beleive him
conservatives unite !
may god guide you and bless you !
, epa needs to go just like the potus .
no hurry ......
i hate to think how many obstructions there would have been if obama would have been president back then , because now after the vets have gone and fought those two wars they are coming home to no jobs and pretty much the fault of you and other obstructionists !
should be called &apos; benghazi gone wrong &apos; .
in 2012 we will have 18. compared to the rest of the country we have lost 1 / 4th of our population .
lots of nice words mr congressman , now where are the deeds ?
run , lindsey , run !
the constitution supposedly guarantees this already .
securing our borders - is the law too .
it &apos;s and honor to be part of this great nation &apos;s military , to stand and defend our way of life and what we stand for , and we will continue to fight against all , and any enemy that threatens our american way life .
waiting for some relief ; ) or reagan
more government programs will not fix the economy , government trying to control the economy ( socialism ) is the problem , your job mr renacci is to uphold the constitution , and keep government out of the way .
donald j. trump has been a republican for 27 years and is more conservative than the low lifes we elected in &apos; 10 and &apos; 14 to stop obama !
he needs to hear the lies first hand , just so he will know all of the lies , and know how to respond to exactly what was said .
i , along with many have felt that the confederate flag should be moved across the street and fly from there .
your talk is worthless .
i don &apos;t think our debt would be so bad if we weren &apos;t sending money to countries that don &apos;t like or care about us .
i don &apos;t want to sound impatient , but when is this going to happen , tom ?
tim , the pentagon says it has plans .... it just needs obama to get &quot; involved &quot; ...
even if he wins the election , i want to know how he &apos;s going to have unity to work with the republican national party and that side of congress to get anything done ?
cut the subsidies to these huge companies , the tax loopholes to the filthy rich , stop foreign aid to countries that hate us and don &apos;t deserve it and cut the pay and benefits of a congress that can &apos;t do its job by passing a budget in the last 4 years .
wake up congressman wake up , and wake up your others in office and get this nation back in its right direction .
are we such an ignorant nation that we would give our tax money to those not authorized to work here , while cutting the throat of our veterans .
thx mr palazzo , but if congress doesn &apos;t get him in court , he will not stop !
you need to do your job now and defund obamacare .
dollars would have been better spent figuring out solutions to the real problems vern .
as hard as this election has been on me and my community , i can only pray we have marco rubio for our next representative .
i love you so much mia ! ! !
the republican party will not support that at all , even though it is their party platform to lower taxes on the wealthy and raise them on the rest of us , just like the fairtax does .
i can &apos;t think of a worse candidate for nevada than rubio .
you all have lined up behind everything the new administration wants to do .
by the way , did mccain give you permission to speak ?
i &apos;m a great admirer of yours , a true patriot and american hero .
the so-called &quot; rinos &quot; who constantly &quot; cave &quot; have to go if conservatives are ever going to succeed in getting this nation back on the right track !
that &apos;s not going to stop him !
but alas , i cannot do these things because every time i seem to get ahead , uncle sam has his hands out .
hold your ground , mia !
stop giving illegals the incentive to stay .
in his campaign obama said to judge him by the people he has around him .
you busted the trust of conservative americans and you will pay , our memories are longer than you think
why not just declare wwiii on our deadly national debt !
filibuster or not , obama is not concerned with the law and the drones are coming .
the epa must have a control and monitoring system implemented , congress makes laws not epa and it &apos;s cronies .
this is why we want term limits to drain the swamp and you are first on my list along with gram and the other r that was for strong vetting until he wasn &apos;t .
repeal obamacare then forget about national healthcare .
no deductions , no exemptions , no loopholes , no &quot; earned income tax credits , &quot; etc .
the dye is already cast rand .
the vast majority of modern-day liberals aren &apos;t arguing for an exclusively socialist economy all the way around , in which all private enterprises are confiscated and converted to state-run operations .
we went over the fiscal cliff a long time ago , but its a cute little term you guys have come up with
i will pray for tim and family
mccain sucks
so mr moron , what will you replace it with ?
while eric holder &apos;s contempt for congress is self evident , it is little more than a false flag .
not until you fix the border situation on our southern border and deport the illegal aliens who are in this country .
bless the first responders
do the right thing john and vote no on cloture !
need to protect people on the ground from drones in the sky ! ! !
that is how they put so much in obama care .
the state government in florida had already cracked down on pill mills beginning in 2011 , and * they * went too far .
obama and his administration claims there wasn &apos;t time to respond and help the american &apos;s in benghazi .
barry is going to cuba next month .
liberals claim to want &quot; individual freedom &quot; but they demand the government remove freedom and liberty from those they oppose .
so with everything our president has done that violates out constitution , why isn &apos;t something being done ?
and gowdy is a bit party of it along with his boy loving closet gay chaffetz and that other closet queen tom cotton and his gross betrayal of the us government on iran .
time for you to retire sir ! !
steve , the debt ceiling has nothing to do with the budget .
we trust that you will make sure the right thing is done here sir .
he has broke to many constitutional laws to be in office .
tom , i hope you read this .
it may not be a great job , but some job is much better than no job .
obama is a layer .
the american people do have a voice , and in 2012 they voiced their desire to re-elect our current president , whose job involves nominating sc justices during his term .
be honest , bruce is not writing these posts .
correct , then mr mcclintock , its your job and the rest of the gop to stand up for what &apos;s the right thing to do , and vote down obama &apos;s propositioin for new laws on immigration .
it kills enemies
it is , &quot; we have no strategy . &quot;
bill you are not running against president obama , you are running against landrieu .
we are not just in a government shutdown , but we are facing a complete government take over by obama and the demoratic senate .
if so , isn &apos;t its failure to enforce immigration law a direct result of orders from the executive branch to basically stand down ?
no wonder you guys have such a low approval rating , you just blow a lot of hot air and get nothing done .
marsha blackburn .... god has a place for you ... with all your lie &apos;s ! !
what a different country we would have if some conservatives became teachers .
south carolina need to get rid of this slug ......
i know investments often take time to mature and i &apos;m willing to look at waiting for marco the same way .
this is what it means to be a conservative jurist .
ironically , patrick henry was an anti-federalist and initially did not support the constitution until the bill of rights was added .
i wish all of our congressmen would do the same !
i wrote my congressman the honorable us congressman michael c burgess expressing my concerns that the us constitution specifically gives right to the house of representatives to create all revenue generating bills not the president .
something has to be done to stop obamacare ... one more year and then obama is gone
we are talking about the money you and your employer put in a government bank to be held in trust to insure you and i that we would have a retirement check from the money we put in , not the government !
im beginning to think rand paul &apos;s on drugs ....
people i totally dislike obamacare but you must remember a few things .
please don &apos;t turn your back on our children by confirming betsy devos .
get rid of irs !
correct scott .
hooyah lee
dear john ~ so dissappointed that you were sleeping with the enemy instead of the georgia voters that sent you to dc to be represented .
abolish the irs , replace it with something that is not so political .
no resources ?
becaus mr. kaddafi did not give up so easly as obama said omar would , so they threw osama under the bus , &quot; because politically omar was making obama look like a weakling in removing omar &quot; .
please cut spending , stop all new spending , stop borrowing , and if you can stop them from printing that would be great to .
i would certainly believe those who &apos;s boots were on the ground over ovomits administration hands down
god put obama there for a reason cause we still looking outside it &apos;s not happen
he has bypassed the constitution numerous times and i am tired of his blatant disregard for the constitution and america .
hes just about doing what he like when he wants and where he wants and cant no one stop him .
that , my friends , is a spending problem , not a revenue problem .
sorry rand , your above statement is the most idiotic thing you have ever said .
i agree , but we need to persevere to ensure our constitution remains intact and we safeguard the freedoms our forefathers fought and died for !
how exactly did boehner get voted in to begin with , sir ?
i agree , but they probably won &apos;t stop doing obamas bidding !
surely he could top the obamas and save some face for the party that purports to be all about helping the poor .
well , at least he didn &apos;t rush his decision .
they wanted to cut them as part of the budget bill , but didn &apos;t get it .
amen rnc better think long and hard if they nominate trump they will lose more than and election ! !
stop messing around and fix obamacare !
please don &apos;t support devos .
we are spending more than we have ever spent before and it does not work ... after eight years of this administration we have just as much unemployment as when we started ... and an enormous debt to boot ! &quot;
stand strong ... do not cave in ... no obamacare !
please sir , reconsider your position .
you caved and voted withthe democrats ... stand up .. if the government is shut down so be it .. that is the dems not listening .. i expected better from you .
credit-rating agency threatens downgrade if spending isn &apos;t curbed fitch : u.s. must both cut spending and raise debt ceiling http : / / dailycaller.com / 2013 / 01 / 15 / credit-rating-agency-threatens-downgrade-if-spending-isnt-curbed /
if he wants to keep all the money for a $ 100 million vacation instead of honoring our military that protects us and our freedoms , then they allow it .
everything the federals govt does is better left to anyone but the federal govt .
if you &apos;re talking about the ryan budget every economist has said it will do nothing but contract an already weak economy and do nothing for any one but the very rich .
stop the bs elise and think for yourself and forget party lines !
he chose the people that control the republican party over the people that make up the republican party .
check out this link for better alternatives to guns in our wyoming schools : https : / / youtu.be / 0vcxw5rt .
rand is trying not to be like mitt romney by appealing to the people .
you are a traitor , paul ryan is a traitor , and i do not say this lightly .
91 % of americans do not want to go to was with syria , as it will help terrorist , and aid terror .
* * * jesus is the only way to heaven * * * john 14 : 6 jesus said unto him , i am the way , the truth , and the life : no man cometh unto the father , but by me .
this man has to be the most honest person in our government ! !
stand firm against o &apos;s unlawful action on imigration .
wow ppl think that obama is making change ?
for america to survive , we must cut all ties to muslim majority countries !
just too many scandals and tyranny - congress must uphold the constitution and put an end to this intentional destruction of our systema and culture !
to hell with them trying to hijack this somber day of patriotic remembrance and mourning to turn it into a vehicle to push their wretched socialist agenda .
fairview baptist had special prayers at prayer meeting tonight .
close down the epa , the state dept . , dept .
they all tell me they cannot take much more of this tyrant and his evil upon there lifes .
we are depending on you , senator paul .
happy birthday , james .
another one like ryan , boehner , and mcconnell !
senator scott , you will do good work for your state and the nation , congrats
take obamacare !
if a republican had pulled one tenth of the crap on the american people , and over stepped his legal boundaries the way the obamanation has , they would have been impeached a long time ago .
keep on keeping on , mr. graham .
we do not need this train wreck called obamacare .
use those principles and do the right thing across the board with this administrations edicts .
the only thing more frustrating than this lousy excuse for a president is the lousier excuse for a republican party who have abandoned their voters and given the &quot; king &quot; whatever he &apos;s demanded .
i guess conservatism is dead .
repealing it just puts us back to where we were before .
and with the government refusing to allow the pipeline to start back up , as well as closing 3 refineries , because the epa says they need to do more work on them , is going to drive prices up again .
obamacare repeal it .
rep. gohmert : ant idea if we will gain enough seats in 2010 to scrap the thing , and over ride an obama veto ?
we the people hereby fire our corrupt government wake up america https : / / www.youtube.com / embed / i8dzi _ lnzaa
go gowdy
impeach the president , on what grounds ?
huffing and puffing isn &apos;t going to cut it for us americans anymore .
he should stay in russia until congress finally grows cajones to impeach the poser in the wh and incarcerate his entire regime !
i already pay too much tax .
david , please tell lynn hello for me .
it is time to repeal the ndaa and patriot acts .
mccain in 2008 , for example got more votes than obama did in 2012. conservatives are staying home because they know they &apos;re just be voting for a moderate big spending liberal .
your republican party is greedy your sin their sin is no greater than your parties , now get down on your knees for forgiveness
please get this to johnny !
sir , you know exactly what he meant .
i appreciate your tenacity in standing up to obama &apos;s god complex concerning drone strikes on american soil .
foreign aide is killing this country .
rob i &apos;m holding you personally responsible if you don &apos;t move heaven and earth in an effort to impeach obama ! !
all the air time in the world , paid for by the devos fortune , won &apos;t be enough for us to forget what you did to our children .
mc cain is a disgrace to our country , to the gop .
the poor never receive the aid .
&quot; i knew of john mccain as a pow long before we were imprisoned together at hoa lo and actually met face to face .
that he is actually going to follow the constitution .
rand paul , everything i see and hear about you impresses me !
hey jerry .
we will not give up the 2nd .
pass a jobs bill , instead of abortion bills or repealing obamacare , which will never happen .
john mccain does not mean change at all .
what is shameful is that marsha blackburn trys to deceive the public with false claims and obfuscations .
stand up for us john , not for the traitor in chief !
impeach convict and deport ....
very disappointed in your vote for cloture on harry reid &apos;s gun control bill .
i accept out of wyoming emails .
the american people do not want obamacare !
so what if it hurts our credit rating .
have you said to cut all foriegn aid yet ? ? ? ? ?
the confederate battle flag is a representation of a conflict that shaped our states history .
respectfully senator , you may or not be right but you and lindsey graham seem all too eager to criticize the potus , you should be thrilled that even if he has flaws that the republicans now have the executive branch ! !
no iran deal at all .
some pliticians talk , talk , talk , and do little , rand aul actually follows through .
treaty with the un .
may i remind you that you work for the people of georgia not donald trump !
and jerry foster seems proud of you for that .
be a leader and vote no !
she doesn &apos;t represent me or the thousands fleeing kansas every year .
because he is a traitor
tell em &apos; , mia !
you voted on internet tax .
the best senator florida ever had !
get out , sir .
i stand with rand senator !
it will take deep spending cuts and modest tax increases to right the ship .
do not fail kansas kids !
trey gowdy doesn &apos;t think this way .
i am praying too !
it &apos;s people like marsha that do not .
our elected officials today have approved war in syria and iran and obama is doing nothing , does he not pay any attention to our legislature ?
yet you support someone who supports obamas amnisty plan !
good on you , sen. paul .
i am so disapointed that you , mr palazzo , would betray us the way you apparently did by voting to fund the current obamanation spending bill .. funding an unconstitutional bill containing any amnesty for any illegals ............ pissed off ! ! ! ! !
few months too late paul .
you do not represent the people of sc on this issue .
forcing our political leaders to obey the constitution is the only way out of this mess
congressman , yes - the american people do want to see the president and congress working together .
fox presents both sides , but they tell the truth and hold the liberals to the truth when libs are on the fox shows .
obamacare does enough of that .
since the founders , there has never been an elected president whose father was foreign or who was born on foreign soil .
we are praying you all !
thanks for the update , james .
go mia love .
please for everything that is good vote no ! ! !
how bout you stop wasting your time worrying about obamacare and start doing something useful .
flag isn &apos;t responsible for those deaths ! ! !
our senator john mccain held out for $ 50,600 !
steven , you and the republican senators wicker , and cochran rolled over for the speaker .
boehner sucks and mcconnell is still on his knees kissing obama &apos;s feet .
reward our friends , punish our enemies .
then you don &apos;t need to fix the border because there will be no need to cross illegally .
include all countries in this bill , including israel since it is legally unfounded to send them anywhere at taxpayer expense and i &apos;ll believe this isn &apos;t just self-serving political bs .
illegal aid , legal aid ... it &apos;s all the same .. american citizens hard earned money / our tax dollars going to support foreign counties that should support themselves .
tomorrow morning is judgement day to replace john boehner now or never !
why don &apos;t you and john mccain take a very long walk , on a very short pier ?
we do not want to hear excuses as to why you voted for boehner , we expected you to do what we voted you into office for , now with regrets .
was not happy with the debates
not a threat isakson just a promise , best be looking for a new career if you don`t change .
how much does it cost the american tax payer in food stamps , welfare , healthcate , free education etc , for each family that comes to our country illegally ?
he just voted to shut the nation down for the 42nd time and now he is trying to weasel out of it !
honestly sir , you do not have enough constitutional conservatives to help you , but that is my wish list for 2014 .
a flat tax for everyone with no deductions or exemptions will never work ! ! !
congressman poliquin is doing a terrific job .
please do not repeal without offering a better replacement .
2016 president rubio
he &apos;s behaving like a dictator .
also sir - about shariah law ... since shariah law conflicts with the constitution - can the u.s. go ahead and outlaw shariah law ... it won &apos;t take much to figure out that shariah law conflicts with the constitution .
please do whatever you need to do to defund this amnesty .
thanks so much senator paul .
i &apos;ve been on a soapbox for months now about the harm that our overheated talk is doing to us .
under that man &apos;s leadership we &apos;ve gotten obamacare , higher taxes , massive unemployment , more illegal immigration , more wars ... i hope you get the point .
there will be many more lone no votes to come unless we start voting in freedom loving candidates .
no other country allows illegals to stay and then rewards them .
hope he found jesus .
just get rid of the obama care completely .
what part of our embargo with cuba has been a failure ?
perhaps getting illegals sent home would be a better move
this is why we fought and won against our previous government under king george iii .
i won &apos;t be voting for a single incumbent , paul ryan .
why should he get approval from congress now , he hasn &apos;t done it on anything else .... just sayin &apos; .
you make us proud mia .
start by adhering to the constitution which would mean that your very first act would be to remove that ineligible , islamo-facist , foreign-born communist from the wh .
during his presidency , george w bush told us that tax cuts would pay for themselves and that tax cuts would result in increased growth and therefore would result in increased revenue .
love me some jimmy graham and saints football .
how come no one is doing anything about his unconstitutional illegal policies ?
that &apos;s emperor obama for you ... thinks he can do everything by eo ! ! !
my opinion has solidified around defunding npr completely .
and the hundred other republicans that did not bother backing trump , now with your republican spineless backs we are in for a lot of destruction to our great nation .
i &apos;m very disappointed to hear your support of devos .
we won &apos;t forget that he failed to join sen. lee in voting in favor of sen. paul &apos;s amendments to the &quot; patriot &quot; act .
i hope this isn &apos;t too little too late !
but republicans with class have came out and said they would love to be is vp because they are not sore losers marco and dont think about themselves but they think about the people 1000000 people voted trump in florida so remember that
yes , will you hear what the people are saying and start the process of getting the president and anyone against the constitution out of office .
the republicans should use your slogan , tom .
we voted in a republican majority in the senate and house and what have you done with it ? ?
he ( obama ) is a disgrace !
thank god , a man with a spine
i am for a balanced budget , but why do we need to amend the consittution .
we are about to get furloughed because congress and the pres can &apos;t come to an agreement on the budget .
# endthefuckery # worstresponders # shame
in the army if a commander had as many problems with their subordinates as obama has had then the commander would have been relieved of duty .
impeach nikki haley !
mia you are doing a great job keep it going !
we need reagan strength .
let the people of south carolina decide this
well , congress needs to listen to the people and do what they want !
they should keep it up until every terrorist is found and eliminated .
i have not been able vote republican since senator mccain chose sarah palin as his running mate .
doesn &apos;t seam like there &apos;s a stopping point for obama using his power .
our kids future under obama care will be more than they can carry
dear congressman coffman , greetings .
the treaty would not change anything in the us , we already have the americans with disabilites act ( the act this treaty was based on ) .
he has lost my vote !
it &apos;s outrageous , this administration is getting on my last nerve !
reps. robert dold ( r-ill . ) , john katko ( r-n.y. ) and bruce poliquin ( r-maine ) were the only republicans to cross party lines .
ovomit is not capable - he is in over his head and putin is burying him .
since we have both the house and senate majority , someone should be doing something about it .
senator mccain , why are you supporting al-qaeda and its affiliates in syria ?
theirs other options on the table : tom hoefling for president 2016 evan mcmullin by the way , check out convention of states idaho .
and &quot; no sort of aid from the government &quot; ?
he &apos;s an obama man - probably won &apos;t happen .
ted cruz and donald trump are puzzles , to me--i don &apos;t see why they are still getting airtime .
tehran tom .
go on fox and explain your vote on the un treaty .
senator perdue , you represent the citizens of georgia .
today it &apos;s the flag what is next !
there r provisions n the constitution that allows him that right .
may god be with you as you fight the good fight sir !
nice going , congressman , you and your other phony republican conservatives have caused 24 billion dollars in economic damage to our economy with you extortion and hostage taking .
we really need congress to perform its constitutional duty of oversight .
mccain should go to prison for treason ! !
obama &apos;s wins if ron paul don &apos;t get on that ballet .
to say i am disappointed with the representation we have in washington is an understatement .
we do not need more liberal idiots attempting to run the country .
senator mccain i appreciate you rising above the partisanship that is threatening to strangle us all and question what feels like an increasing danger to americans of all all political parties .
&quot; i &apos;m ecstatic to see obamacare go , but i would have preferred the government stay completely out of our healthcare .
i don &apos;t think in all of the hoopla that the payment of the interest on our debt has ever been in question other than as a political football .
trey gowdy for president 👊
rino poser .
the government is buying them to keep them from us .
stop talking and start impeaching and prosecuting
i trust the troops will keep supporting you and the speaker !
impeach him for illegal actions !
then impeach the president .
balanced budget is only a small baby step .
thats your socialist pres .
senator mccain , it &apos;s more than that .
egypt is a clusterf * ck for this president .
read the constitution !
stephanie---66 % of all ohio voters voted to keep obamacare out of ohio .... it &apos;s an albatross around the nation &apos;s neck we don &apos;t need ... once it &apos;s permanent , we will have crossed a threshold from which there &apos;s no return .
what i find difficult to understand : why the government under mr. o is so stupid they cannot see the damage they have caused in our nation ?
please , senator mccain , continue to stand up to trump and encourage your republican allies to do the same .
marco rubio , god bless you sir god bless you !
and we should get most of the ones out of our country that were let in sooooooooo fast by your buddy obama that are scattered all around this country setting up training camps for obamas army of muslim terrorists along with syrains that have not been checked out !
john mccain is an american terrorist .
i just pray our nation can survive 2 more years of the cancer we have growing in washington .
&quot; fast track &quot; essentially restrains the power of congress , prohibiting amendments to the trade proposal , only allowing an &quot; up or down &quot; vote , delegating to the executive branch the sole power to draft the trade agreement .
&quot; how obamacare has harmed patients ... as a whole &quot; ?
flat tax where everybody pays !
congress never opposed the extra congressional appointment of 150 tzars , who control all the energy , all the food and the labor of citizens , through unconstitutional fusion centers , which by pass the governor &apos;s authority .
i hope conservatives don &apos;t get screwed in conference .
take a deep breath , and actually list the &quot; rights &quot; and &quot; freedoms &quot; obama is taking away .
happy thanksgiving , trey goudy !
continue to fight dr. the support is here !
he has no plan .
with her 177,886 votes thats only 25 % .... hardly a mandate , and elise would be wise to remember , at 25 % , who really is the small special interest group that is really hijacking the conversation .
then why duesnt congress do something about it , you all know it is wrong ?
the reason i am voting for donald trump he has the guts to stand up to the spineless washington elites like you and paul ryan .
if we can &apos;t win back the once great republican party .
does that mean you won &apos;t go to the convention and won &apos;t stand for the party &apos;s nominee ?
my mom and i saw you on hannity and thought you were fantastic .
senator isakson - the best thing you can do for obamacare is - vote to defund it ! ! ! !
no plan nothing we are going to have to wait till he is out of office
someone who actually is going to do something anything for we the people !
no we do not believe it is good ! ! !
&quot; i do think that in all of government , he is a man of integrity and honesty , &quot; he said of comey during a june 6 appearance on fox news &apos; &quot; outnumbered . &quot;
he will continue to lie to americans , he is destroying our country , and congress is allowing it .
fox is the only conservative media that really does expose the reality of what is going on in dc .
i also really hope you will support congresswoman mia love &apos;s , &quot; one subject at a time &quot; bill .
hundreds were released from gitmo including some that were later involved with the attacks of 9 / 11 .
obama would like nothing better than us all on our knees dependent on him and this administration .
thanke trey gowdy
please do not send our troops over !
the president is traitorous in his actions , and he has tried to singlehandedly curtail american exceptionalism .
the house needs to come together and remove john boehner .
no foreign aid to any countries because that money is needed right here .
you are the govt , we elected you , do something
there needs to be additional border patrol officers at the borders
our conservative representatives should refuse to be a part of this ! !
thanks for all your hard work in dc tom , but just like alot of people in this country , they are all looking for a free ride .
get real and get honest , we need massive cuts to government spending
you are a sucker too , tom .
scott pruitt &apos;s selection to head the very agency he has sought to destroy is simply insane .
the budget has been approved , raising the ceiling doesn &apos;t mean we are spending more money .
i know that chambliss is not .
you are a warrior of liberty !
the lies that are being told by this administration are astounding .
thank goodness because that bill would have further destroyed our military !
why was the first thing on your agenda to get rid of your ethics oversight committee ? ?
our great republic is going down the crapper , and they are not stopping this .
support cruz , mc shame ! ! ! !
this thing about the debt cealing is a ruse to the real problem of republicans being obstrutive .
rand paul may be the only person in congress who understands what is the problem .
yes negotiate with illegals , terrorists and socialist lobbyists ..... yes i am sure she would be the negotiator .
are you talking about things like that pesky aca that keeps your poorest , sickest , and , most neglected constitutes alive ? ? ?
prove you aren &apos;t spineless like the majority !
congress should investigate that and eric holder with a special prosecutor .
trey gowdy is a pretty good actor , his term should be about finished i hope ! !
semper fi , sir .
stop with the amnesty .
thanks rep. blaine luetkemeyer !
our president has laid off more military than anyone ever before ....
well first of all it isn &apos;t true that there are only supporters of mrs. blackburn .
how about instead of &quot; calling &quot; it repeal and replace , we call it &quot; fix what &apos;s wrong , keep what &apos;s ok &quot; .
lets get rid of all of them and start fresh with people who have actually worked for a living , paid their bills , have lived within a budget and have common sense !
if you don &apos;t find a way to end obamacare and give relief to struggling american families , this will be the end of the gop !
all this guy tom does is bitch about obama on facebook .. he is like an obsessed 14 year old girl .
you are not alone sir !
i am confused that so many believe the media who said you were voting with mccain on our 2nd ammendment .... don &apos;t we all know that the media is are liers ?
they could have saved our country !
i don &apos;t know really unsure of this guy now he &apos;s showed he &apos;s definitely typical establishment
obama will close gitmo and give the base to cuba and no one is stopping him ! ! !
however , hillary can be at least somewhat kept in check without completely shredding the conservative principles .
the management by the cdc is so bad , so unprofessional ... even obama kissed the infected nurses .... he might end up with this virus .... obama is out of control , but can you even think what will happen if biden is in control ?
i like rand and back him 100 % , but &quot; win &quot; ?
everything is less intrusive without the feds in charge .
if this is one nation under god then that means that our constitution and laws are under him and it is his word , the bible , that is to be used for interpretation and administration of those rights and laws .
all the more reason to impeach him .
i would love to know why we send them foreign aid at all when our own national debt is atrocious !
absolutely correct !
the tell me ben , why didn &apos;t you support the one candidate who has spent his adult life defending the document in which you swore to uphold ? !
time to move on marco .
so rep mcclintock , what do you see as &quot; wasteful spending &quot; in the ominibus bill ?
so you are planning to repeal with no suitable replacement .
a constitutional convention - this is a good way to do that .
its the only way to increase like minds towards limited constitutional government in my opinion .
delete your account and resign
if he is a conggressmen he should be impeached .
thought you supported cruz you are a true politician flip flop and i like you but not your typical politics
i know some will respond that tax increases are the answer .
this was nothing more than a power grab by rinos .
obama is probably the only one that thinks obamacare is great , we didn &apos;t need it , it &apos;s trash .
i stand with rand because he is the only one with solid and sound principles , and the only one i can trust .
i don &apos;t understand this stem act rand .
the people that need a hand up can &apos;t get it and the people that want handouts is given to them freely with no problem ..
write in cruz .
obama is no leader , and i wouldn &apos;t trust him to lead an army of ants .
i would like him to admit that he is a fraud and a felon , and that the last 4 yrs have been a big joke on the american people .
as far as rinos go ?
secure the borders and stop amnesty !
you may rest assured , sir , that we will not forget when next you stand for election .
i have supported you but you showed today that was a major mistake , you have no plans to defend the constitution as you swore an oath to do .
well .. based on prior track record ... he &apos;ll pass it himself ... bypassing congress altogether since he &apos;s not getting his way ...
— thomas jefferson , 3rd u.s. president and drafter of the declaration of independence .
we haven &apos;t seen obama take responsibility yet after 6 years of wh occupation &amp; 6 serious scandals .
this country is broke !
how about getting the 2 billion obama just gave them back ! ?
as senator mccain said about you , cathy , among others , &quot; this is one of the most shameful chapters &quot; he &apos;s seen in government--you go spin this however your people tell you to ( as usual ) but 24 billion dollars wasted speaks a lot louder .
when are we going to impeash and imprison obama for treason .
trey is the best choice in my eyes ..
major kudos mr. mccain and mr. graham .
george bush , he didn &apos;t take the crap that &apos;s going on like that pathetic man in the white house
you and the rest of the rino &apos;s are the deplorables .
it is time , we have tried the two party system they are corrupt it no longer works .
i &apos;m starting to think you are not mentally balanced
put down the ayn rand and the koolaid and wake up to the way things are for the majority of women in this nation .
so when are you going to start impeachment proceedings .
i am out of state here and i want to help rand paul win .
robert , you see , unlike you and fred , i &apos;m willing to quote hs question and my answer to it , regardless of it being an irrelevant question .
shame on you fred .
how about a memorial for the benghazi heros , while their families are still alive to appreciate it ? while the country can still remeber their names , while obama can still be impeached ?
senator , earlier you stated that you were still looking for a balanced approach to raising the debt limit , please explian this ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
it &apos;s time for real leaders like rand paul and ted cruz to take over .
wish i could believe you , but you say something and do another , lindsey .
7 years late , but better late than never .. close gitmo !
i think tim is a very nice well spoken man .
rand is refreshing !
why can &apos;t anything be done to stop this and the to impeach obama . ! !
harry reid gone would help .
is jerry taking credit for something he didn &apos;t have anything to do with ?
mr scott - as your consituent , i fully support universal background checks on all gun purchases .
sure but don &apos;t let obama off for treason in benghazi
have a great day , james and be safe !
but remember those evil conservatives like ted cruz , mike lee , tim scott &amp; a few other &quot; good men &quot; were demonized because they dared to stand the peoles ground &quot; &amp; the &quot; others &quot; forced a shut down of the government .
obamacare needs to be defunded and our boarders secured !
send all of them back where they came from , i will not support any amnesty to this illegal immigrats ! !
lead the way but we will have to get rid of harry reid to get any bills to the senate .
senator mccain , need you to save our country .
that he will close down the internet and go play golf .
yay , bruce !
what next are yall going to blame when that one person who had praying taken out of schools and we can &apos;t pray like god wants us to because we mite hurt some ones fillings .
i supported you i pray you will be a conservative .
have you done anything to move the immigration issue forward , toward a solution ?
unfortunately , holder and bo are proven liars so no matter what they say , their actions will be contrary .
to afford spending , we need much higher taxes .
it is my hope with republicans now having majority of senate and house that we will begin to see change for the good of the people .
chambliss isn &apos;t running again so it doesn &apos;t matter to him , but you can bet i &apos;ll never vote for isakson again -- not even for dog catcher .
protect our money rand .
they should stop sending this kind of equipment to all countries due to the fact we just turn around and have to put our soldiers up against them later ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
james , i worked at falls creek on the rec team the first year you took over , and i knew good changes were in store for the camp .
never thought i &apos;d say this but i agree with rubio .
reagan the deficit increased by three times and he was able to get 17 clean debt ceiling increases yet you and the house are still acting like children who have been scolded when the current president asks for one clean resolution .
bob , is it not true that the constitution forbids the federal government from &quot; personal &quot; business of the people and that this power resides with the states exclusively ?
it is obvious that our enemies are becoming more numerous every day !
they were god &apos;s people so god allowed them to win and take back the land god had promised to abraham .
republicans continue to cave .
obama speaks nothing but lies !
mr. obama is a politician , nothing else .
you can bet that these monsters from the tennessee walking horse association and the vampires from the insurance industry are at the top of the list .
we must put back into balance the precious powers of state and get our president to back off his high horse and ride with the rest of us , or resign or be impeached !
war is a lie , sir .
well now we know and everything that obama and his gng said were lie &apos;s .
abolish the dea , replace it with absolutely nothing .
here &apos;s to standing with integrity and standing with rand paul .
pointing out that mccain is a loathsome human being doesnt dishonor anyone else .
obama is creating a country just for illegal aliens right in the middle of the u.s.a. you need to listen to this : -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- https : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = mrfvlro8kms ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- contact boehner .
you &apos;re violating the constitution and committing treason .
greg , we know you are lying .
not even marco rubio ! !
no matter what we say or want they won &apos;t listen , , never have never will , , shame on them
we have the nypd , good fbi agents , our military to step in and save our country from this administration .
every honest conservative and libertarian should be aganist keystone : http : / / dailyreckoning.com / why-you-should-oppose-the-keystone-xl-pipeline /
rep scott , i was honored to meet you at the iron sharpens iron convention .
i &apos;m letting ted nuget take my place
i wonder john mccain , if you knew how to run a campaign , what you would have done differently if you had to take over the bush mess ?
you are trying to get a lot of aerospace jobs to move to oklahoma .
please run against lindsey graham .
now defund obamacare
well rand stupid is ( mccain ) as stupid does ( graham ) .
stop paying the irs
no one stopped him ...
mia , you &apos;re going to make it this time .
: you , mcmillan and mccain meeting with al-bahgdadi , isis leader .
obama needs some &quot; bumps &quot; on his little noggin head ... !
we don &apos;t want any new federal taxes , we would like to see lower taxes and less federal spending , to jump start the economy.like ross perot used to say .. its so , , simple .. look at this chart : .. sinplesimple ... http : / / www.politico.com / multimedia / video / 2013 / 03 / lindsey-graham-on-dinner-with-president-obama.html
honor your oath to protect and defend our constitution against all enemies foreign and domestic ! ! !
we wanted boehner voted out of his speakership .
if jimmy carter had done this 35 years ago cuba would be a &quot; normal &quot; country .
keep on keepin on mia love .
please dr. scott , when the opportunity presents demand a copy of the actual expenditures to the budget to see if monies were actually spent to serve the vets .
we know that obamacare is killing jobs all across the country .
charlotte lamb was the state department security chief who resigned dec.18 , 2012 over lack of security in benghazi .
the congress couldn &apos;t do their job .. now it &apos;s obama &apos;s fault .
he is doing exactly what he wants and getting away with it .
i am contacting to urge you to pass a separate job bill within the senate asap that will ensure boehner brings up the eui bill in the house for a vote .
tax our internet like cuba &amp; we will only get what the government wants us to get !
congressman lamborn please find away to get the u.s. on track to energy independence .
you said you would support the nominee no matter who it was .
we don &apos;t trust obama .
don &apos;t rationalize your poor excuse for funding dhs we all know the truth and the minimal impacts would have been to homeland security - virtually none ! !
the sierra club is a conservative organization .
please defund it , obamacare is going to hurt everybody please do what you can---- help us
and a merry christmas to you and your family mr gowdy god bless
go campaign for your rino buddy .
oh for pete &apos;s sakes , do any of you realize we lost because our own republican party turned their backs on the ron paul supporters .
he is trying to get some ( right wing ) americans so upset that they will b = rebel so he can declare marshal law and then take over all transportation , utilities farms , mediine , everything and declare himself the dictator .
which republican will stop this tyrant ?
option b yes !
trey gowdy america loves you you make us proud merry christmas 🎄 🎁 🇺 🇸
when will any details of the possible replace be shared with the american people ?
i don &apos;t think most people understand why the military has its traditions and values , to each other and god !
they have no love .
nothing can stop what we are forced to endure now .
this country has a spending problem and a giveaway problem .
of course you would , you enjoy government funded healthcare paid by me and all the other tax payers .
we support you , marco !
fred is taking his 11 % approval rating for a spin here .
as god said james 4 : 11-12 - speak not evil one of another , brethren .
then give 100 % to &quot; dealing with the immigration problem and resolveing it with the presidents full suport &quot; , an all will be well if that &apos;s the true correction an added saveings to our financial debt ? ?
the government is sucking the life out of us second class tax payers .
sasse is a tool .
inhofe and coburn need to be voted out .
as required , the u.s. congress will execute appropriate legislation to convene new elections or u.s. states will appoint replacements for positions vacated consistent with established constitutional requirements .
we need to stay out of it , and start taking care of our own people here , quit giving aide to people who disrespect us ! !
you can &apos;t disgrace the smug s o b
jerry what &apos;s congress doing about the fast and furious fiasco ?
&quot; any other outcome is a danger to economic growth , puts our national security in peril , enshrines obamacare as the law of the land , entraps americans in a cycle of poverty and dependence , and undermines our constitutional republic . &quot;
and no more money to people coming into our country give it to the vets that protect america .
have to balance the budget without the use of tax increases .
undoubtedly the most princabled politician out there a true patriot
cut spending and cut revenue .
read the news reports not fox
this claptrap is wholly antithetical to the u.s. constitution and if you actually believe it then you will not be a strict constitutionalist , just another whiny little pissant who wants it &apos;s own way waaaaaa .
the republicans should have been pounding the strees in their districts educating the public on what was going to go down with the debt ceiling , obamacare etc .
when the list of organizations &quot; intimidated &quot; by the irs is made public , then - and only then - can accusations of harrassment be made .
kim allen south carolina .
betsy devos is simply not qualified to lead our public schools .
and where was the outcry when the republican house cut state &apos;s funding for embassy security by $ 559 million in 2011 and 2012 ?
the citizens who pay your salary desire a unified republican party .
yeah , vern .
isnt it interesting that everyone wanrts to separate church and state until it comes to social programs ... the church was tasked to take care of people not the government
whoever the rebublican nominee is , they will get my vote .
overwhelming they say &quot; no &quot; to betsy devos .
as far away from thom thillis as possible , please .
if a man were to rob jesus , jesus would offer him the shirt off his back as well .... what happened to that ?
the house needs to pass something now to work with the private sector , keep obama &apos;s pen and phone out , and let the issue have a temporary solution while the legistators put permanent resolutions in place ..
but the zimmerman case does give me hope that it could possibly come out right for snowden also !
just go ahead and try to impeach the president .
hello bob can you hear us now ?
please vote no on devos , we all know she is unqualified .
it has to been done with a blend of all three rep. scott .
good for you sam .
your the man rand paul
the way we &apos;re set up , you can &apos;t have a spending problem without a revenue problem .
finally ...... paul ryan , you did the right thing .
( you lying rino scumbag ) .
if it was a good program it wouldn &apos;t have to be enforced by the irs .
so true it makes you sad to see us going down this
remember we are just days away from the return of jesus christ .
i believe if the these are released then it is more lies to hide the real truth
i am very disappointed in your vote to confirm betsy devos as secretary of education .
you should have been this forceful months ago .
i think you have that wrong , mr. mcclintock .
please .... please .... reject the nomination of betsy devos for the dept .
i will be surprised if it is ( as well as suspicious as every county in oklahoma goes red , from what i have seen recently , every year . )
he is upholding the oath he took to uphold our constitution and keep the american people and america safe !
i thought i would vote for you , but then i heard you had hurt our north carolina teachers by suspending pay raises .
we should stay out of syria we do not need to get involved we have enough problems we do not need any more .
run marco and make a difference .
fbi director comey &apos;s team took just 9 days to clear through 650,000 emails .
he is so much like ronald reagan .
by the way , for those who site lower wages here in south carolina , rtw states have higher incomes , but they also have a higher cost of living .
every union in america is against the conservative agenda .
so are we supporting a president that wants to stop illegal immigration or some one who supports it
for those who testified that there was no stand down orders , why then wasn &apos;t there forces sent ?
he owes it to the american people .
congressman tom mcclintock - are you trusting the government to provide you with a healthcare plan ?
you are a fresh of breath air and my husband i are praying for you and your family ........ as well as all of our leaders .
as a product of public education , i do not support devos .
mccain has trumps taxes and he has tapes of trump talking to putin .
i will no longer visit sc because of your little whiny attitude .
even if they have proof of innocence they wont file nothing !
and , as the washington post reports , &quot; a gun control advocate who met with senator isakson today tells me that he said he is open to voting for manchin-toomey if and when it comes up again - and that he is in active talks with senator joe manchin about the measure . &quot;
mia love for veep ! ! ! !
i do not have insurance , and still don &apos;t agree with obamacare .
i don &apos;t live your state ms. mia but i follow you on line and i hope that you can help stop this amnesty bill ...... i am on disability and i worked since i was 14 yrs .
without you and mr. chambliss , we here in georgia have no platform , no one to stand up for us , no voice in washington .
no obamacare don &apos;t fund it .
praying for you all ... praying for our country .. god speed , rep. brady .
i guess it is getting close to re-election time so it &apos;s time for you to change your spots and act like a conservative .
i &apos;m praying that you start listening to the people .
if we don &apos;t coal jobs won &apos;t matter to kentucky or any where else when we continue to kill our planet !
you or devos .
that is what rand paul filibustered for , the rights of american citizens .
where &apos;s the referral from trey gowdy to the fbi for purjery ?
come on conservatives are supposed to vote in favor of the birther bill .
mia america hates what washington has become .
you &apos;re one of the 2 republicans that didn &apos;t vote for devos .
just one more spineless punk republicrat rino .
&#91; washington , d.c. &#93; yet another scandal is rocking the political future of u.s. senator marco rubio long considered a contender for the republican vice presidential nomination .
oooppss some one better tell barry
we want them out of washington and out of out government immediately .
and how about stopping some of the wasted welfare aid inside our own country ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
we the people need not only to focus on this presidential race but we have to clear the congress and senate of unrepresentative , biased and gridlock republicans like mcconnell .
actually you can have both you can be free and secure in jesus !
why does v c
congratulations senator mcconnell .
i don &apos;t pray for tyrants !
read all these posts and see what the people think of you , you rotten traitor
check out liberty first pac .
politicians like you are why north carolina has plummeted in public education .
at worst , this has severely emboldened our enemies against us and put the citizens of our country in an exponentially greater level of grave danger !
why can &apos;t our government do this instead of wanting the tax payers to give more and more ?
i saw where tim scott is donating his to charity .
here are the 14 gop senators who voted for the massive immigration bill legislation : keep them in mind when it &apos;s time to vote them back in .
this bill won &apos;t get hardly a peep from the media , especially compared to the nsa , obamacare , benghazi , the debt limit .
the epa is out of control !
i would never vote for rand paul since he thinks its okay for us to deal with cuba .
the patriot act needs to die .
trey , you and rand paul and marco rubio need to get behind ted cruz and help him win the presidency .
if you stand firm enough in your convictions to say that &quot; yes , i would expect my daughter to have to carry that child to term , regardless of the emotional destruction it would cause to her &quot; then i might have respect for you and your fight .
senator : it is time you support the presumptive republican nominee donald trump .
rinos are part of the democratic party aka the establishment .
mr. flake how can you be proud of being part of helping to pass such a bill ?
so much for the us being a &quot; christian &quot; nation !
i am sure bush didn &apos;t let congress know for each and every terrorist he let go ! !
bush was a small problem , obama is a huge one ! !
the threat the house used to repeal was to shut down obamacare was ignored .
we need to stop giving our hard earned funds away to people who hate us and would we glad to destroy us !
i am so sorry with what has happened here , and i am praying for god &apos;s comfort for the families and for all the people that live there .... god bless you all ....
impeach obama--he is a traitor .
it is up to &quot; we the people &quot; to take law and order in our own hands !
you listened to your constituents and voted for new leadership to lead the gop-controlled congress , and i know that this was the first time in over 100 years that a speaker of the house faced such a large opposition .
senator rubio , i hope you are lacing up your sneakers right now for 2016. i want to work for your campaign here in orlando .
i was so excited to see you serving oklahoma even though i don &apos;t live in the state anymore .
fir a lot less , nixon was and there were no deaths .
rand , you need to be the first to publicly call for john boehner &apos;s resignation .
until this is realized , the republican party is stuck in the same boat .
no cell phones for any welfare
ryan &apos;s own church ( and yours ) declared the budget he wants passed as immoral .
john boehner has led the party of no .
how can i send senator mccain a message ?
obama needs to get a grip and open his eyes .
veterans don &apos;t even like mccain .
why didn &apos;t you answer luke rudkowski when he asked you a simple question !
thank god for the leadership trey gowdy provides !
a reading of the constitution is great .
this goes to the top and obama told them to stand down ... i would bet my bottom dollar on it ... and he needs to be impeached now not in 2014
just a little too late , dont ya think ? ?
mitch mcconnell is a disgrace .
rand , ted may need a stand in for a few hours hope your up to the task .
i would also like to bring our troops and equipment home from afghanistan and quit spending millions on the restoration of that country when the president of afghanistan is making ultimatums about iasf &quot; occupying &quot; their country .
once he gets us disarmed , there will be nothing to stop him .
please , you and senator graham must take action .
regards , c .
i truly loved your father rand and was sorry to see him retire from the floor .
no refund ?
you had a choice to stand up to obama and you let us all down .
only the good ol boys and girls are left to defend america
vote to impeach the traitor / imposter currently residing in our white house .
this administration is not the answer .
never liked fox news
if we have learned nothing these last few weeks is that conservatives can get anything they want if they are willing to take the economy into the toilet .
the only thing bigger than the big government he wants to saddle us with is his big ego !
republicans need to stand up to the president and not be bullied ! !
pray for dr. carson !
-sean hannity
mr rubio is a great leader , as is mr romney .
i love ted cruz and his ability to tell it like it is .
those man fought for freedom the same freedom this government is taking away from us little by little .
mccain is an embarrassment .
he says it is a common practice .
hang in there senator rand , america needs you .
time for the government to put term limits on the house and senate .
we need to stick to our principles and hold the line .
americans need to pray without ceasing that common sense and moral character will be restored to this country .
vote no on cloture - vote no on cloture = vote no on cloture !
he attributed this disturbing revelation to the anti-gun policies of the obama administration : &quot; this lawless administration has broken that law and retained that information . &quot;
we need people like you ... rand paul for president 2016
the people aren &apos;t free in cuba but man of usa : s closest arab allies are far more worse .
because mr. mcconnell himself said that &quot; this is the view of virtually every republican on that subject . &quot;
wish the politicians would stand up to him and do what is best for the country , not their own pockets .
when is obama going to be impeached ? ? ? ?
i can &apos;t stand obama , but let &apos;s get real - he cut taxes for most of the people posting here .
we don &apos;t have a spending problem !
you should be brought up on charges of treason along with the rest of the gop !
this flag had nothing to do with the shootings .
you have nothing to replace it with .
go get em bruce !
something like that greg .
so why not just start impeachment proceedings now so we can eliminate the continuing cause of the spending ... and get down to fixing the problem .... oblowzo is like putting a bandaid on a severed artery ! !
i know that congress will never impeach him .
if you vote for cruz , you &apos;re saying that it &apos;s ok to say one thing and do another .
a question to staffer / congressman ... what is the congressman &apos;s position on the recent hearing in federal court concerning the shawnee national forest plan ?
we have to stop him before his cronies disband the congress and senate .
&quot; the polar bear &quot; attacks alden p wrote : i wouldn &apos;t say obama &apos;s a mutt ( called himself ) , but in fact and by definition he is mulatto .
thanks for following through with your campaign promise to restore liberty and freedom by trimming the government and defunding aca .
close the borders ....... let &apos;s fix our country before we try fixing other countries !
just keep thinking that way mia .
praying doesnt stop these terrorist attacks
never give up the fight , congressman ted yoho .
please shut nsa down - arrest them for illegal activities against the taxpayers of the usa !
lindsey much prayer is going for israel ... god help us all ...
with the events in egypt and the middle east forever changing our world , we need a strong leader and well respected man for our next president .
your supposed to be working for the american people not self-serving and for illegals !
i expected you represent the people of north carolina in the way you voted .
the republican party has been just as elusive to truth as the democrats .
the republican party should have gotten behind kasich .
the guy who forgets that he represents a conservative utah as soon as his plane lands in dc ?
the memorial service is a much higher priority and is understood by us in utah .
mr. coffman please keep up the good fight , and don &apos;t let the &quot; slaughter maneuver &quot; slaughter our economy , and this country .
so stop blaming obama for things that he did not cause .
fred miller
i highly doubt you will be able to accomplish anything in congress unless you first find a way to control the jerk with the executive orders .
thanks mike for standing up for our 2nd amendment rights ... intelligent common sense people get it ... gun control has never worked , look at chicago and d.c .... the only answer is punish criminals , don &apos;t let them go on a technicality .
it seems you are all selling us out and bent on destroying our great nation .
lying established republican government establishment .
bring jobs for what is taken like food stamps , ect .
the current president signed an executive order for which there was no actual plan in place for how to implement it .
harry and boehner talked and harry accepted 70 billion in cuts in this cr that the dems didn &apos;t want with the understanding that boehner would bring a clean cr to a vote in the house .
no one believes a word you say paul ! !
not going to get this from our current admin .
please stand firm in congress to stand this mistake down .
i hope to hell all you milquetoast , spineless so-called conservatives don &apos;t regret being so stingy in your support .
i &apos;ve been in favor of the flat tax for many years
hoping congress can change this veto
they voted in favor of the cloture vote to end debate on the obama care de-funding bill .
tim scott is a true american and i &apos;m proud to have him represent sc in washington .
so been a partisan , be a patriot !
congress needs to uphold the constitution and the laws that are already written .
cut taxes !
no .. he should be impeached and tried for treason ! !
remember your oath to protect &amp; defend the constitution .... that does not mean compromise ...... a no vote is not good enough .
you have not stopped obama from anything and we will be defeated from within .
you are so right tom mcclintock
outstanding tom .
rubio too !
make it a tiered flat tax of 3 % for anyone making under 30k , 5 % for anyone making under 50k , 10 % for anyone making under 100k and 18 % for 100k plus with no deductions and no exemptions .
rand paul i hope you do not turn on the american people .
bush , mccain , and romney are not conservatives either .
keep focused on what god has called you to do , let him take care of the other fella !
boehner has denied conference with the senate 18 times since may , more out right lies from the anti christ party of no .
we took god out of our schools , our government and you wonder why we are in such a state .
gowdy says that since obama has already decided to overturn the standing law on illegal immigrants , effectively declaring that the law no longer applies to them without any congressional backing , then what is to stop him from failing to enforce election laws ?
marco you are drinking the koolaid if you think your fellow republicans intend to do anything except whitewash this sordid chapter in the demise of our country .
they can see the senate comes together to show o that he does not have all the power and that checks and balance does work .
al qaeda , no matter how loud &amp; hard mccain stomps his limbs during his tantrum while calling anyone that apposes his view a liar - has infiltrated the military .
by the way , tom , you keep saying how you have been in public office for 20 plus years , how about fixing something instead of complaining .
when the rnc lines up the money and you are told how to vote our vote ?
none , absolutely none will get my vote next time !
betsy devos will not be a qualified secretary of education .
aca-obamacare can be defunded without senate approval .
yes and bring up his record with benghazi .
and ted cruz reading dr. seuss was not a publicity stunt ? ? ?
how about you stand up and have a spine once all you spineless republicans .
come on , we have basis for impeachment &amp; sueing him http : / / a4cgr.wordpress.com / ... / federal-immigration ... / federal immigration &amp; nationality act section 8 usc 1324 ( a ) ( 1 ) ( a ) ( iv ) ( b ) ( iii ) a4cgr.wordpress.com via email ..... this is the tool that can be used to go after employers and gover ... see more
marco , we are behind you , for we have already seen what charlie will do when he supported the mega spending bill , but we need understanding in what happened at the debate .
he will veto everything just for spite .
is bob goodlatte sitting on a pile of impeachment bills like harry reid did ?
the government is doing something ?
i have the same issue with mexico as with cuba , so no , i would not believe in relaxed trade agreements with cuba until they &quot; play fair &quot; .
lincoln was a self serving politician who trampled the constitution .
the govt should stay out of it .
honestly sir , have you no sense of shame ?
obama is worse then carter , truman , and johnson combined .
america &apos;s children deserve much better than devos .
off topic , but i see here that you have not committed to oppose cloture .
the people of this country are tired of how washington is ruining this country and running it into the ground .
all the liberals want to do is tax tax tax ....
i want all the democrats who threatened the irs to do this to be impeached and thrown out of office , but demos never resign , only republicans .
i love it that the republican party is being put in their place .
had you unified republican support months ago it wouldn &apos;t be this bad .
and by the way a balanced budget amendment to go with it for those ten years !
ok rand .
mccain never would have let this get so out of control as it is now .
it is pitiful that pelosy &amp; reid have already said the bill is doa .
i think there is plenty enough things to choose from to begin impeachment proceedings against this guy , when are you gonna start the process ?
and reagan did ?
i disagree with president ford &apos;s granting of amnesty to nixon before he was even convicted of a crime and think that went a little too far , but at the end of every presidential term presidents grant amnesty to convicted criminals .
marco educate yourself and speak truthfully .
patrick mulloy as for fred and the mandate your ( pm ) &quot; what percent of the eligible population of voters cast a vote for obama ?
he is a straight up constitutionalist / small government man .
but going by this attack on rubio i believe you do not .
obama doesn &apos;t care about anyone except low info voters , illegals .
stand ur ground and stay on trac ! ! ! !
this all proves government is scared of less government and trump is the only way for the people &apos;s voice to be heard and listened to marco !
before the 2016 elections obama will declare martial law , dissolve the constitution of the united states , dissolve congress and dissolve the supreme court and declare himself supreme leader of the nwo obamanation ! !
please vot no to go in with this current president he never gets it right and we cant rust his word or documents ... he just wants congress to say yes in order to be his scapegoat later
stand your ground col. better yet , stand fast our constitution .
with your yes vote on the cromnibus bill we know you stand right behind him probably wearing a hijab !
you think no amount is too much for military spending .
please don &apos;t back down please please please protect america our constitution and our rights and liberty senator paul we need your expertise now .
i hope the gop will stand firm on this issue .
a 3rd party run will accomplish nothing .
obama does understand that but he pay no heed to it ... could care less .
calvin coolege ; but in my 47yrs of life , ronald reagan ( only one considered )
betsy devos is grossly unqualified .
he was a conservative who would be in the streets with all races against the terrorist , barak hussain obama
ole paul is eating some crow
yesterday marked a great day in american history when one man who was later joined by other faithful public servents stood up to defend our liberty and the constitutional rights of the american citizen .
we all know this and expect our representatives to talk plainly with truth on all the destruction this president is doing to america .
@ dennis clearly you don &apos;t know mr tom mcclintock !
our reps gave every right &amp; responsibility to defund delay amend obamas unconstitutional changes to &quot; his baby &quot; .
yes lets make it a great year , dump the rino .
any way we can talk rep. trey gowdy into running for senate ?
but they are refusing to do what the constitution demands they do !
shame on you , mitch mcconnell !
now by my reading of the constitution obama can only veto legislation and legislation must come from both chambers of congress .
we need to cut spending !
rand , never compromise !
no cloture , no funding , it is already destroying our freedoms , stay strong , james , stay strong !
you sir are a disgrace to south carolina .
obama offered the repubs to come up with something better .
obama has been out to destroy this country since day one .
you guys govern like you have been bought out .
the american people should never be forced to purchase something .
it has clearly driven the cost of insurance up like a rocket not down as obama touted .
donate your profile pic to &quot; don &apos;t tread on me &quot; flag nov 1 &amp; 2 !
yeah rand , you are not drinking enough bpa , and with these new scanners any american men with testosterone levels over 400 , have to be pulled out of the line for questioning .
please do not let those responsible for the benghazi mistakes get away with the lies .
it will actually give them more money to fund terrorism and that undo of funding them will probably only include the us and maybe great britain .
god &apos;s wrath will hunt obama and h.clinton down
he needs to do time .
living by principle is more important than going with the flow .
mr. barletta - what is the legal path to even simple residency in the us - not even citizenship ?
sorry , sherrie , i will be on vacation in florida .
if paul ryan were president , our long term fiscal situation would be addressed this year .
apparently , you have not been to church in a while or you slept through the good parts because you should have known that in your mind , heart and soul .
our constitution means nothing to you !
and he still loves jesus , and is doing what he feels he has been called to do ... if god didn &apos;t use men like james to stand the gap for us our nation would be in far worse shape ... and don &apos;t make assumptions on others convictions ... that &apos;s not helpful to anyone ...
it &apos;s about time our fed govt got back to the separation of powers laid out in the constitution .
we have a law that says our borders are to be sealed .
why i &apos;am starting to listen to rand .
please do not let him do this mr. paul ?
mr. mcconnell , sir , for the good of our country and for the good of our democracy , you should resign immediately .
this constituent asks you to vote no on devos .
rand paul .. you are a hero among politicians nowadays .
&quot; hope the president will get behind our efforts .. &quot; it is the other way around ...
megan megan lynn that is poetry evil if you to say .
yes , impeach him already .
much less the rest of the constitution .
i want to know why people in a free country have to pay for insurance if they already have it , if they don &apos;t want it , if they can &apos;t afford it .
mia love is a farce .... her attempts to censor and hide her positions as a non conservative are despicable .
a fine man &amp; republican !
time for you to go lindsey .
sorry tom , i won &apos;t support rubio and i will no vote for you again .
yes social security and medicare people worked for that how bout over seas aid before you cut americans
he asked to many questions .
can &apos;t have it both ways ... just because mr. rubio voted the way he did yesterday makes him one of the hero &apos;s that had the guts to stand up for the american people and what they want .
the aca was voted on , it was passed into law , the ppl spoke by reelecting obama and it was ruled constitutional by the supreme court .
bush tax cuts .
everyone should have to take obamacare .
obamacare should have never gotten far .
god bless you , your family , and the fire rescue and hospital staff .
so right mia
we want our freedom back
if there ever was a time to stand for the constitution it &apos;s now .
no one stands on principal any more and no one honors the promises that they made when they were out canvassing for votes .
if he is speaking he is lying.i would listen if he would admit he is a muslim .
betsy devos has no experience in education and could not even answer interview questions ! ! !
you are just saying what you think republican voters want to hear .
if you who have been elected don &apos;t stop obama now there will be no need to run for re election
senator marco rubio
what took you so long to see this truth paul ryan ?
good work senator paul .
mia love ... wow your explanation is simple &amp; to the point ! ! ! !
gaylan , not only the democrats , but the rinos also .
the president didn &apos;t shut anything down .
i can &apos;t wait until they can replace the empty spot that is and will be ginsburg .
and you wonder why nothing gets done in this country , it should be country first and party somewhere way down the list .
praying for all of our leaders , in jesus name , amen .
they must be bold , tell the american people the truth - obama is destroying this country .
keep up the good work mr. congressman and you still have my vote !
big business wins again thanks to pawns like congressman vern buchanan .
why have you guys not vote on an immigration bill ?
i know i &apos;m voting for rand paul .
keep the scoundrels in d.c. in line , slash spending , taxes , and entitlement programs all to the bone !
what &apos;s irresponsible is firing everyone who knows anything about the constitution or constitutional law .
beyond that i &apos;d say it would also be appropriate for the government to eliminate all penalties or privileges given in our tax code for being either single or married .
ya a rubio se le olvido el español .
lindsey , i am so disappointed in you , i have voted for you forever .
secondly in our great state of s.c. we had &quot; one &quot; small flag at a memorial for our confederate dead .
impeach that dictator , put him up on trial for treason !
obama keeps signing executive orders to raise pay , sends in troops to sudan , changes the obamacare law at his whim and congress sits on their a $ $ es passing bills that increase spending and slashes more freedoms !
hope things work out for you mike , you got my vote .
under him we will only please the conservatives of the country and not the whole country unless he can &apos;t get anything done or done through executive orders and be a conservative obama .
i would be interested how many senators that voted for cloture come from bankrupt states ?
in effect , they would take away the power to nominate from the president and grant it to a minority of 41 senators . &quot;
she has no experience with public schools .
thanks dictator obama for making my life he &apos;ll .
he will veto everything and the country will stagnate .
he was way beyond a socialist dictator .
yes , prayers for them also .
so if obama can &apos;t make laws congress and obama can &apos;t allocate tax payer money .
the problem is , this administration doesn &apos;t really care if a policy works or not , esp in the long term .
i agree government spending is out of control and that industries need to stand on their own- but that is not the case with this bill .
gowdy for president !
mia , i think fox news made a mess of things .
do you suggest we deport 11 million people , amnesty is the only way this is going to be resolved ...... what laws are not being enforced by obama ?
electing a real conservative speaker .
please ... if f &amp; f was a poorly planned operation , and a border agent dies due to that , then yes , eric holder doesn &apos;t need to be &quot; protected &quot; by &quot; executive privlege &quot; .
praise god for your little miracle , and may the lord bless your family always .
they go up when people do not pay their dang doctor bill .
american liberals : if you think conservatives will eventually &apos; fold &apos; into your brainless stupidity , you &apos;ve got another thing coming
defund obamacare and protect retirement programs .
host a townhall if you want to hear what the people of nc have to say .
what obama is doing will cause terrorist to occupy our country for decades !
damn u know the govt , is above the law , when those in the govt , won &apos;t inforce it , like the ag , and supreme court .
scott , aren &apos;t all people working in the us &quot; forced &quot; to pay an employment tax which forms the basis of social security ?
it is not for the congress nor the president nor the courts to infringe upon our rights .
i now almost feel that by working two jobs , owning a home and a car , and not receiving any government welfare i am commiting an act of rebellion .
north carolina governor pat mccrory is bringing in companies and jobs on a daily basis to north carolina and slow rolling the creating of jobs at a daily steady pace by doing something congress and the white house can &apos;t seem to figure out ... working !
agree with mr andrews ... we want gvt out of our healthcare
you rock , johnny !
god bless you &amp; praying for morality to come back to america
mia god bless you from the great state tennessee , keep fighting for all of us ! ! !
mccain is a tool .
something obama is too ignorant to know : about obamacare : he can &apos;t force anyone to purchase it .
and i don &apos;t live in sc .
but , a bad one would give dc even more power .
they &apos;ll villinize their enemies and then final step is to institute genocide .
dave - where is the tea party or republican budget ?
just remember who signed the support contract , who didn &apos;t , but then did ..... and who is not honoring the pledge ...... yeah that &apos;s what i thought ..... conservative hypocrisy at its finest ...... and you wonder why the party is changing ...
thanks luke for sticking to your word to us here in indiana 6th district .. it had to be a stressful day / night for you ...
i would like to see you do a video blog sir .
no sir , do something about it !
what is wrong with not adding taxes or raising the debt celing unless it is specifically voted on in the orginal bill ?
blake is right .
instead of talking with us , he talks at us , and it &apos;s extremely disappointing .
they should be calling you paul 2016 .
andrew , depends on if you think that 100 % of breathing infants have any rights .. and i &apos;m sorry you don &apos;t think god exists , i &apos;ll pray for you .
i think i &apos;m ready to stop paying taxes and refuse to recognize the authority of the federal government as they do not seem to governing in the best interests of the people anymore .
whatever john mccain
i think you can kiss future potus goodbye now .
why don &apos;t you impeach him the last one was over a dress and a cigar .
if the crooked politicians finally acted and pulled our jobs back from offshore , those countries would stop buying our treasury notes and our economy would collapse totally overnight !
kerry , obama and that crew cannot be trusted .
the tsa was active when the &quot; under wear bomber &quot; made his attempt .
dear scott , the law passed .
to bring up this information and do it here in america and go thru the legal process ... would have made him a hero ... but to take that information and run to countries that aren &apos;t very friendly to america ... and give them our security information makes him a traitor
i guess you just lied to the voters of sc and convinced them that you would defend our constitutional republic .
paul ryan loser ...... should have never questioned anything
you &apos;re full of it , john thune .
you are not doing the job we sent you to d.c. to do .
like the republican revolution !
he has now helped our enemies know how we can monitored them .
i have never been so afraid for our liberties &amp; constitution rights .
he hasn &apos;t helped the us since he has been office .
yes removing that flag is really going to stop this .
i am so disappointed that you &apos;ve ignored the thousands of calls from your constituents on this and on devos .
i hear the cheapest plan for wyoming is $ 450 a month ! ! ! !
anyone who voted for obamacare is a communist !
please explain why you are willing to vote &quot; yes &quot; on cloture knowing that senator reid has already filed a amendment to strip away the house language and fund obamacare ?
we all would be interested on something you have no way of blaming on obama ! ! ! ! !
a majority of americans want the affordable care act yet don &apos;t want obamacare .
my prayers are for some other good men to take a stand for god &amp; country .
trading with the enemy act the government closed them down .
do something , sue , impeachment , try him for treason .
we are losing our faith in government and that is exactly what the obama administration wants so they can control us completely .
this is precisely why you are not watching another iranian open firing range situation , yes our foreign aid .
no conservative will win if trump becomes president .
you &apos;d be much better than rino barasso .
obama should be impeached ! ! !
please , there has to be a conservative minded alternative in the field of education .
devos is so obviously unqualified for this important position .
mientras que en la sierra maestra castro se representaba a sí mismo como el simón bolívar de cuba .
then mr bozeman voted to fund the bill .
don &apos;t think it is paul ryan .
congressman bob goodlatte - respectfully sir - we have seen this before ... once caught in their crimes - they attempt to distance themselves from their crime and they &quot; apologize &quot; - thinking they can escape justice .
all you do is talk in circles and get nothing done .
you and the rest of congress are failures for upholding the constitution &amp; declaration of independence .
he says he is a conservative christian because he knows that is important to the tennessee voter .
no thanks ! ! ! !
i pray that removing the flag will make a difference !
that is grounds for federal charges isn &apos;t it ?
please keep up the good work , marsha .
washington needs to learn that lesson .
our marsha has been on the side of the angels on this issue .
i am ashamed to tell others that am a resident of tennessee or have a politician that doesn &apos;t have our best interest in mind .
happy easter trey gowdy
don &apos;t just talk ... you are all their to act .... to follow our constitution ... do not let obama ruin our country any more .
otherwise , why would you complain about the potus doing your job ?
god bless you , senator mccain , for standing up the reckless tyrant of your own party who is our president .
the american people need to stand up and vote everyone of them out of office .
obama needs to be prosecuted for the illegal wars .
that means if you vote establishment you get no change .
be careful rand , he &apos;s the guy reagan warned us about .
carry on mr. paul , as you were .
she &apos;s great at spitting out the republican talking points .... she and john mccain will try to send out troops to iran .... while their children life the high life .
biden is so stupid it &apos;s no wonder the impeachment process hasn &apos;t started , but i &apos;m sure he &apos;s just as much a sociopath , as that &apos;s what obama surrounds himself with so they can lie for him when a scandal comes up .
why aren &apos;t you at your town hall meeting ?
if obama can get some cooperation and all the senators and congressmen can reach across the isle for the sake of our country , we can be the strong nation we should be .
now he is giving illegal immigrants what you earned , what your parents earned and obama is giving it all away to who ?
your a good man lindsey graham .... keep up the great work your doing for us all .............
all should have to suffer from the same malady called obamacare , no exclusions !
listen to your constituents , because he &amp; his staff certainly are not .
then arrest him and impeach him while he is imprisoned .
sooo , rand paul , i am scratching you off my list !
bruce , what parts of the president &apos;s plan would put americans to work this month ?
stay on track , sir .
mr. poliquin , you &apos;re my representative , and i am not a fan of ms. clinton , but i am sure you have been watching her presumptive opponent .
hopefully oklahoma will wake up and vote people into office that will at least listen .
unfortunately , obama will disregard congress , as usual .
excellent speech today , senator paul ! !
god planned this child and i &apos;m praying for you to give birth to a very special baby this fall .
you are past time johnny boy , hang it up and take your $ $ $ $ $ $ and go to k street or where ever !
btw , we thought we gave ya &apos;ll in congress a pretty clear message last election .
we hear you rand !
quit wasting money on stupid stuff such as studying how many toes does a salamander have etc ! ! !
most republications are very upset with you on this amnesty thing !
rep. gosar was at a town hall monday .
lets not forgat to abolish the irs
as oklahoma attorney general , he has sued the epa 18 times to fight clean air and water rules .
i would prefer you repeal the light bulb ban and the illegal $ 105 billion already allocated to obamacare .
time to jettison the joint ownership of obama &apos;s $ 5 trillion in new debt the gop claimed with boehner &apos;s deal .
such wasteful government spending .
there isn &apos;t one american today that would survive the hardship they suffered to give you this country .. please stand up and fight .. alone we are nothing together we are everything .. please stand up and fight .. 16th amendment is where that contract comes into play .
right on mia love ! ! ! ! !
talks is cheat .. did not vote .... no action to his talk ... stay up north ... don &apos;t come back to sc
steven maybe y &apos;all should look into how much money the director just made off of this .
sound like you will be able to go to cuba soon !
i see no reason why the u.s. government should give away land to wealthy indians who they set free so that they can build a massive golf course .
if obama doesn &apos;t follow the law again have him removed from office !
chris christie is losing weight starting with his brain .
the only clear action in this issue is to secure our border first .
you will go down in history as a 1 term traitor
you mr. isakson chickned out too &amp; you need to be recalled !
this amnesty was passed before with reagan and failed .
don &apos;t forget obozo obummer &amp; killary in that list .
most of the gop don &apos;t like obamacare and have filled half the minds of the country with lies because they don &apos;t like it - and why - because it was &quot; set into law by a democrat &quot; president - a man of which color they don &apos;t happen to approve of .
sir i honor your service to this great country as a member of the military and your time in public office but it really is time for you to go .
i stand with rand , but asking $ 250 or more is outrageous !
they should all be fired .... right after the irs is abolished !
john mccain once again exhibits incredible wisdom .
now if you could please cleans the party of the likes of mccain and others our country may have a chance
not so when it comes to devos .
wish some of you would focus as much time on stopping the current administration and less time on trump .
quite letting him get away with what he wants to do he is a president not a dictator stop this you in congress have the power if nothing else throw him out of office .....
the beltway and the establishment think that we are stupid ! ! !
obama doesn &apos;t respect you &apos;ll and intends to do what ever he wants .
are there so many cowards that won &apos;t uphold our own constitution making it useless now ? ? ? ? ? ?
i do not know what the solution should be , but i know it shouldn &apos;t start with obama and a us invasion .
marco rubio i am voting for you because of your love for america !
glad you did senater billy graham
you and mccain are cowards .
amen now comes florida ! ! ! !
first one being repeal of obamacare !
whoever that idiot wants in his administration will be supported by the rest of the swamp .
http : / / www.truth-out.org / unequal-trade / 1317755189 vern just doesn &apos;t get it .
it &apos;s way too late for prayers .
wake up paul ryan , or someone that is trump like will take your job !
cant wait , go gettem mr , harper
lisa , you should have thought about all of that before you voted with harry reid for cloture .
i do not trust obummer or the ayatollah in iran .
the house has the power of the purse and the senate and executive have need to take their medicine for a change .
since the government has no money of its &apos; own , it takes that from us , or it prints more of it ( leading to inflation , which hurts the poor the most ) .
lead the charge , marco .
you have nothing to replace it with before you voted to repeal it ?
he is going to do what he wants because nobody will stop him and he knows it !
if i &quot; sold out &quot; then i did so joined by some of the most tried and tested conservative voices in washington .
use him to guide our nation back to you , o lord .
why hasn &apos;t impeachment started on obama &amp; all those who are with him ?
reducing the power of congress is the first step and harry reid is on board with that .
cut spending , please .
government spending is the problem , sorry to tell you that includes government contractors .
oh that good ole small government republican mindset !
god bless you , senator sasse .
you had you chance flake , but you screwed it up .
and before the peanut gallery starts about vets first , maybe mr. poe should start voting for veteran benefits .
john mccain i always had faith when i voted for you your first term as senator in az !
not with the government , you just get transferred to another position , but with more pay .
i appreciate your effort in trying to defend what is important to us in sc and our nation .
so i hear they are cutting back on our soldiers schooling because of the sequester .
his attacks on fox will continue to the delight of many !
i would vote for you mia .
ben sasse trying to get us to go against donald trump as republican nominee .
climate change is real and marsha blackburn is as dumb as a post .
rino boehner needs to be removed
the debate reminded me of just how much of a courageous leader ted senator ted cruz is compared with many on the stage .
anyone reading this .. look for the libertarian that might run in 2016 .. and send your votes that way .
amen , mr thune , amen .
you are no better than obama and his cronies who do nothing but spread half truths , lies , and deceit .
i feel that the south is losing all it &apos;s heritage .
these liberals on here cant tell the truth nor can they think for themselves- finally a real president , not that idiot barry !
he is the republican candidate .
i agree with larry tom .
holder needs to be impeached then tried for the murders on this side of the border and then sent to mexico to stand trial for all the deaths on the mexican side of the border
keep up the good work wacko bird .
they have become to arrogant
they should all go to jail .. and it &apos;s a bit of a joke that y &apos;all are even having to vote on this .
i was brought up patriotic and i believe and will defend the constitution .
the debt ceiling has nothing to do with future spending , only with paying our bills .
mr lankford , what steps are you gonna take , to help get this wrong , corrected ?
one more thing .... ron paul 2012
just the way the constitutional framers intended
but agreeing to raise the debt cieling again without a long-term plan to balance the budget and year-one spending cuts is not acceptable .
if i had been as unprepared for an interview as devos i would never be hired .
you , graham , boehner , cornyn and mcconnell have to go .
you have let obama walk all over you &amp; our nation .
congressman shimkus , i don &apos;t see any hope for us until we can take both the senate and the house so we can counter obama &apos;s nonsense .
if he had settled it with the stroke of a pen you would be yelling for him to be impeached calling him a dictator blah blah blah
you are a pathetic traitor and you will be recalled by arizona .
he only wants the illegals for votes in 2016 .
amen and i salute you sir .
this prayer is powerful it can move mountains , it can stop wars .
congress could follow the constitution and impeach the president !
it was done illegally , amended illegally , amnesty given to some illegally - get rid of it ! !
go after the criminals in this government if you are anti-terrorism .
why not count money sent in aid against national debt or does that make too much sense ?
christie sucks .....
pastor doug thompson .
we would love to see you join the other young conservatives like cruz , lee , paul , and a few others that are making a real impact on where america &apos;s future is headed .
and the republican plan is what ?
you have lost my vote and i am sick and tired of all you holier than thou career politicians !
ready to vote agian for james lankford !
i wish you were my sc representative .
wish you would have teamed up with senator cruz
does obama not know whether to sit down or stand up to pee ? ? ? ? ?
unit approving spending bills and adopt a budget .
paul ryan you and the other elitists are worried now ?
you , i would call you sir but you don &apos;t deserve it , have no moral compass and ethics .
congrats on the great night james , lets go to a run off and win this baby .
eliminate obama out of white house
marco you are a jackass .
still no linn county town hall meeting .
then please end unconstitutional &quot; government sponsored enterprise &quot; where the profit are held by gse , but losses are financed by tax payers !
obama got what he and &quot; etc &quot; wanted .
i will vote for you as senator or congressman sir !
everybody is upset with this deal right , shortly we will get the news that kerry negotiated the americans to be released in iran .
lindsey you have come a long way , now opt out of the congressional medical plan , and i may vote for you again .
well sir .
and when obummer got in office he didn &apos;t stop the wars , we are still present in afghanistan , even though they keep saying they don &apos;t agree with the war , the all mighty commander-in-chief has the authority to bring them home .
like i care what paul ryan has to say .
he needs to go steven .
obamacare did not .
it &apos;s not a law it &apos;s a tax .
greg , if bo issued drilling permits and got on board with the pipeline those would help with the fuel issue .
john thune , you are an idiot .
they should be impeached and be asked to leave this country ! ! ! ! !
yes , according to gallup , rich americans think they &apos;re paying too much in taxes ; -------------------- romney , ryan prove it ain &apos;t true ! ! !
it is to late in the game to play politics .
oppose ..... and defund obamacare ....
if marco wants to win he &apos;s going to have to tear up the script and fight for it .
congress doesn &apos;t deserve a pay raise .
good for you tim scott and your tea party compatriots who are going to do the same thing .
come on now ... even if he had the authority to do so ... which he doesn &apos;t .
please call it plan &quot; o &quot; for president obama &apos;s plan - not plan b - it is obviously his plan that he wants to push down our throats so it would be better named plan &quot; o &quot; !
special prayers for tim scott .
dear rand paul : you can &apos;t be serious that you are proud to win the cpac straw poll .
we appreciate strong conservative principles and we then are thankful for all you working together to serve our country .
obama needs to stop spending taxpayers money and start budgeting our government like we the people are forced to budget .
make a stand , join ted cruz and mike lee and defund obamacare .
it may hurt our country but , i think our country will be hurt further if our congress fails to respond to those who fail to follow our constitution .
the christians will be slaughtered and syria will be a bigger threat against our ally israel .
stop the obama administration from ruining the american people &apos;s lives .
the debt ceiling has nothing to do with spending in the future .
we won &apos;t until obummer is removed from office !
obama is holding a republican dinner tonight
conservatives are lying about this .
scott lightner &apos; the kingdom of god is within you , and all around you .
mr gowdy , you are a true statesman and a servant &quot; of the people &quot; may the lord richly bless your every-day .
i am weary of the republican party giving into the demands of the democrats and speaker boehner , in my opinion , has no backbone .
a flat tax has been &apos; talked about , &apos; but not debated in congress for years to no avail ... we certainly need a flat tax but don &apos;t believe it will go anywhere ...
why would there be a provision to keep gitmo open added to a bill to give our service members a raise ?
sincerely , amber pierce burke county , north carolina
bless his family lord .
vote no.thanks for being the only republican from tennessee to stand up for us and vote no on the boehner bill ! !
proud of my congressman ted poe !
android ... be serious here sir ?
defund obamacare they can sure do that
shut down homeland security and tsa completely .
absolutely not ... that would only be a beginning of what the government will do next ... they can &apos;t be trusted now ..
if republicans are taking a beating in the polls it is because of republicans like you ... we no longer trust you !
just retire and be done with it , rino .
time for a sensible , accountable third party .
felix and madeline , i guess you two forgot about info that obama covered up with executive privilege , huh ?
do you guys ever get frustrated and fight ?
👍 🏼 marco rubio has my nevada backing ! !
he has voted 67 % of the time in line with obama .
seems our taxes r going up anyway .
johnny isakson , do not fund amnesty immigration ! !
tyranny is already at our door in this country .
i &apos;ll be very disappointed if you don &apos;t vote no re allowing a final floor vote for the amnesty bill .
get over it guys and concentrate on hilliary &apos;s corruption !
disappointed in florida - expected more of someone that ran for president
unlikely many commenters , i don &apos;t support a flat tax -- 15 % of a $ 20,000 / year income means something very different to survival than 15 % of $ 200k / year or $ 2m / year .
if you don &apos;t fold we can defund obamacare .
how is the republican establishment &apos;s plan to fund and then repeal after funded working out for us ?
so says the great senator whom voted for cloture .
wake up christians before it &apos;s too late
and i would hate to think yher sisters or cousins still in north carolina wasn &apos;t afforded protection , cause congress voted like you two want them to .
the federal government should stick to its original constitutional duties .
go paul rand
he did have 2 years of complete control , he &apos;s shown spending more and more .
been telling ya all along to impeach obama but ya keep playing games
i &apos;m sick of obama .
wish this could have been done before he released all that he has .
will you stand on those same principles and vote no on colorado flood relief ?
thanks little johnny
impeach the coward-in-chief ! !
repeal that obbamacare
i think he should pick ted cruz , he was the &quot; people &apos;s &quot; second choice !
trey burke is gonna lead the team all the way to the final four
but it &apos;s time to stop the hand outs and take our country back .
we do not need a freeze on spending , we need to cut spending .
i think that rand paul would make a great president .
in all honesty , i wish congress would own up to the fact that obama &apos;s not eligible instead of tapdancing around the fact that his father was not a us citizen .
please mia , take him as your mentor .
impeach his sorry --- !
it is time for congress to step up for liberty now .
we need more conservatives with principle .
so i suggest you also watch it and post to your facebook for others to watch as indeed if you read a few of the other posts you will find that rand paul is posting to his timeline certain links of info that pertain to our consti .
we must put trust back into this nation no one will trust us when we have president who lies to us
mr president please be honest with us
though those numbers that have actually been resettled in idaho sound small , the reality is the numbers are much larger .
ron paul made a statement yesterday to ben bernanke about had the federal government not given money to the big corporations that every citizen could have received nearly $ 17,000.00 ! ! ! ! !
mr. mcclintock is correct .
in case you all haven &apos;t noticed , we already have a european style socialist nation .
how is it that obama , supposedly the worst negotiator this world has ever seen , gets everything he wants here at home ?
recall election in south carolina !
isn &apos;t there anyone left in this government that can stop obummer and his posse ?
thanks senator trey gowdy ! ! ! !
the trouble with these principled conservatives of which i am lately learning about is the trouble with american politics .
this deal satisfies the criteria for treason , so why not initiate those proceedings now against kerry and obama ?
suck it tim scott and republicans !
hang him
flat tax not fair tax .
this is the sen. mccain i grew up with and i &apos;m glad you are coming back around !
you have the right to display it at your house , just lower then the american flag .
very disappointed in your support of infringement on our 2nd amendment .
follow the constitution that &apos;s all we ask .
of course what can one expect from tom massie .
semper fi !
what tom is saying , is so important to our survival , that if we all don &apos;t understand , we don &apos;t have a chance to survive .
then stick it in bho and reid &apos;s face non-stop all next year that they are irresponsible ! !
you the man , rand .
obama is going to do what ever the hell he wants
in libya , thanks to the president &apos;s leadership , another dictator is gone .
long live the nation of israel !
i only see that they are leading us to destroy america as a to all are founding father built for us a free nation under god now i feel everything is gone our freedom due to what the democat have done .
excuse me , sir , but you don &apos;t know anything about the struggles of north carolina families ... in fact , your record shows the exact opposite of that .
matt scott
good night all and god bless you and john mccain .
keep fighting tim , we are behind you ..
rand , you are wrong ... period .
my money is on dr. carson .
wow y &apos;all just probably cost us the house and senate on this move .
daesh sir !
rand , although i don &apos;t agree with you on everything , i think economically you are the smartest man in dc .
we have turned out back on israel , we have given in to pc correctness , we have given into evil of all kinds and i do not believe god will bless a country that has turned our backs on him !
why does the federal government own over 80 % of the state of nevada ?
obama has not reduced unemployment .
rubio said it first ! !
vote for roy in november !
have you been in a cave .
each time the cr came back the house would submit a new budget with plans .
we are still in your corner marco !
lee zeldin - no need to justify your position .
mia love - get back to me on it ! !
i know we the people appreciate you voting for trump ... you may not like the package but that should in no way keep you from supporting our nominee .
they probably blame bush for the last 5 yrs to
leave the flag alone and get back to work .... didn &apos;t you promise to get to the bottom of the libyan debacle ?
finally , senator mccain is happy ...
conservative republicans have the truth on our side .
stop the attacks on ur fellow conservatives ... mcconnell and boehner and the dems are the problem not marco rubio
christi , kasich and bush ( the govenors ) need to stop beating up rubio and cruz .
i would think the school would be proud of the kids wearing the american flag on their shirts .
this is a tough deal lindsey graham our government screws us every day and when this is over it won &apos;t change any you &apos;ll keep sticking it to us !
the only reason a christian isn &apos;t persecuted in some way , shape or form is because they aren &apos;t emulating christ .
i like that you are demanding answers on bengazi , and i would like to know why home land security is trying to buy all our ammo up also ?
newt gingrich said it best &quot; mitt needs to be hard on obama like he was on me &quot;
yet we are so in debt ....... cut spending .......... not raise our taxes !
we also want to remind senator flake that it &apos;s not too late to change your mind and support background checks on gun sales online and at gun shows .
they don &apos;t care that she has committed treasonous acts via her foundation by doing favors for enemy nations .
devos has no experience with public education and appears not to understand important educational issues .
ironic that you referred to your recent tour of wyoming as the common sense tour .
it is inevitable impeachment preceding will be brought against the current president .
bibi swept congress off their feet with a impressive speech but he gave no solutions .
don &apos;t stop until he is impeached
so what are you all going to do , now that comey is showing all the banana republic we all live in now ?
its past time to arrest obama and his muslim &quot; terrorist .
people still backing obama are idiots .
you did this even though an overwhelming number of your constituents wrote and called your office asking you to vote no on devos .
well mr congressman you have a pen and a phone aswell .
but i will miss the flag that represents memories of sacrifice , bravery , and honour .
i will start proceedings againt obama for the presidential orders he has written .
something needs to be done to stop the president from making illegal decisions by breaking our laws .
marco rubio : i &apos;m not a scientist , man .
and what did exactly did you have to smash up to be able repeal the affordable care act ?
way to go rand paul , i support you 100 %
sorry to hear of tim scott &apos;s loss .
rand is only 1 man and can only do so much .
take the fight to them rand !
your doing a fine job brad , stick to your guns !
go defend the constitution .
i am not in favor of the rino christie !
gotta love kansas weather
by the way , the changes obama wants to make , and to which the speaker complains , is delay some implementation of parts that the gop doesn &apos;t like anyways .
i am still wanting someone to ask the obama campaign to pay the american taxpayer back for all of the campaigning he has done for 1 year now .
those things that you promote are conservative values .
for a running mate , rubio would be a good pick .
if americans go to a enemy country with intent of harming the usa , then drone the hell out of them i say !
this executive order has now put all americans in jeopardy .
how about getting more federal contracts to no carolina instead of solyndra deals ?
christie is an extreme rino !
rand paul is a putz and a ditz , he is also not a true kentuckian , banish him .
hell no and we shouldn &apos;t be selling our oil companies to foreign nations either ! ! !
robert , he may &apos; visit &apos; all 99 counties , but ha doesn &apos;t do town halls in some of &apos; em ... such as linn .
congrats .. praying for a healthy pregnancy
no bill , no break justin amash ! ! !
rand paul &gt; richard burr
her and the president are not going to admit anything and a special prosecutor needs to be assigned to get to the bottom of this mess .
take a page out of ted cruz &apos;s book .
come on congressman tom rice start the ball rolling for a complete recall election for obama / biden !
ground af1 , stay home and do his job , and keep the wh open .
we do not want to give the feds 9 million acres of prime utah land !
we are in enough debt now , we may be using the yen !
well little marco you and your kind will be voted out .
stop all the earmarks ( i know we no longer have earmarks now we have letters that do what earmarks used to do . )
all of d.c. needs to be replaced at best restored .
it also puts the 5 no sales tax states into the bracket ... are you serious ?
congress and the president are playing games with our lives and our children &apos;s lives .
instead of holding hearings , why doesn &apos;t congress deploy the military to the border and simply stop this ?
i pray we will .
that four hour experience with no insurance at the time cost me $ 9,000 .
now this is all a joke and the real issues are put out of this liberal mainstream media and we &apos;re now talking about pork sundaes ?
this is the feds next step to government censorship !
patrick mulloy your &quot; robert hayes wrote : &quot; you can not vote for something that is not in a bill . &quot;
resign
god be with the parisians and god bless america ! !
oh , stop it trent .
so if death tax contributed a bigger percentage to federal tax revenue , it would be justifiable ? !
it is obvious that the congress is very afraid of obama .
no mia .
you too , trey gowdy ! !
dont let hollier than thou utah fool u !
the government is becoming to intrusive in our lives as it is .. always trying to tell us what we have to do ... changing our freedoms to choose ...
stop sales to israel .
pray for this country .
go git em rand 2016 !
tim - you ignore the fact that several of the founding fathers were deist .
repeal it its not fair that they will make poor people criminals if they can &apos;t afford it .
the have the ring through the nose , and is being led around by obama , and his administration .
what i have been saying this whole year , is that our current law should have been up for debate to be revised by our state representatives to reflect the will of the people today , and yet still fall under the confines of the constitution .
trey gowdy holds a lot of hearings and does ......... nothing !
besides , crapo is a senator whose work affects all of the united states , not just idaho .
repeal however the speaker wants too .
merry christmas to your family &amp; god bless
i &apos;ll echo bea ... go johnny go ! ! ! !
please help oppose obama &apos;s use of executive order to circumvent the house and senate .
our children , our future , will suffer because you and the other republicans are too weak to stand up for them .
rand , stop talking like a neocon .
we appreciate the fact congress cut their budget this year and hope you cut it a bunch more for fy 2016 and beyond .
we will never get balanced and fair coverage from the national media they would rather lie to your face then be fair i hope people realize this before it &apos;s to late god forgive us for putting our heads in sand for so many years
stop sending aid to ppl that dont like us and want to kill us !
mia for vp - 2016
we need to stop any and all foreign aid asap why we paying our neighbors bills when we can &apos;t even pay our own i can understand helping out in a disaster but to fund their country is insane
trey goudy ... a very bright single light in a very scarry dark washington dc
why this criminal in the white house , who has ignored laws and the constitution , has not been impeached only shows that lack of moral fiber in all of washington .
i agree with only an across the board fair tax as well !
thune is a constitutionalist .
both rubio and cruz would be a disaster .
he hates this country and is all about destroying this great nation !
if you vote with senator harry reid , it &apos;s time to resign .
defund obamacare for 2013 .
we join all in prayer for families
i agree we should have been back to the moon long ago .
with you , rand paul ! ! !
already had one amnesty fiasco with reagan now with unemployment will just add the extra burden of already bloated unemployment also not to mention the * tax breaks that obama care will be here
yep jerry moran has an a rating from the nra which means he plays nicely and supports what they want him to and they line his campaign pockets with blood money .
sensible republicans like marco rubio should throw their support behind johnson / weld rather than holding their noses and supporting trump .
obamacare is a death sentence for anyone with a pre-existing condition like myself .
you could resign and give the people of idaho a chance to thrive .
7. sign an executive order overturning anything this administration has done while in office 8. prohibit czars .
happy thanksgiving to you too trey &amp; your family .
that voice is rand paul .
no obama appointee .
i would rather our elected officials be honest even if its not the answer we want to hear .
its time to stand with the american constitution .
let god lead you in the decisions for this country !
# repeal obamacare pledge # repeal it now
@ lamar .... no worries ... i am sure the nsa will forward all posts .
i think everyone in congress needs fired
the problem is that the obama regime considers christians who believe in the constitution , support the 1st &amp; 2nd amendment and disagree with lord obama &apos;s progressive / neo-marxist agenda are &quot; domestic terrorists &quot; !
remember georgians never forget !
fully on board with getting more branch specific judges .
polished speaker or not truth is truth and all media is distraction anyways !
with said , mr. mccain .
let them own obamacare lock stock and failure .
hmmm.scary if you ask me.could be he is part of gods plan to bring america in line with a one world government !
tell them to have the testicular fortitude to vote against amnesty .
tom , ... yuno that they ( donkeeys &amp; elephantos ) all are big liars !
even better , eliminate taxes and let the government survive on donations and bake sales ( that will definitely reign in the things it does , eh ? ) .
ans john - why would the president not have to cook in the middle of a nuclear holocaust on board marine one ? .
no matter what we need to stick to our conservative beliefs .
hope you enjoy the little time you have left !
and ..... stop giving illegals free stuff from our pockets ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
have to agree with johnny on this
properly vetting anyone he nominates is likewise a constitutional obligation of the senate .
reagan he had the guts to face the russians
it &apos;s a very subtle violation but you have clearly abondoned the conservative movement , for what ?
no law , no legislation will fix it .
senator paul , i had all but given up on the u.s. government .
the american people are the ones who vote and they overwhelmingly , overwhelmingly voted for president obama , so you will have to accept that .
what kind of trade goods does cuba have that america would ever want ?
he and his close advisors should all be impeached &amp; take away his executive order pad right away too !
only ted cruz and a few others seem willing to fight for conservatives these days .
when did obama get his u.s. citizenship back after he became an indonesian citizen ?
wouldn &apos;t watch fox news ?
yall went from.a 20 mill vaca to.40 mill .. yall r idiots
is the issue that epa is stepping on people &apos;s right to privacy ?
we must remember and live the words of president reagan regarding the soviet union , &quot; trust but verify . &quot;
we are praying for your family and your precious unborn child .
the time of sitting on the fence is over .
i favor gaining intel at any cost to our enemies that saves our country .
god bless you and may god bless the united states of america !
remember slavery was under the u.s. flag and the csa flag .
you are a precious person , johnny .
coffman is one of the biggest teaparty obstructionist in congress .
should have began a long time ago !
no surprises with the failed obama agenda .
hey i &apos;m all for a flat tax ... 10-15 % &amp; 3 / 4 majority vote in congress to increase.then a balanced budget amendment tied to gdp ... remove all deductions &amp; fire the irs ... sounds fair !
well put and now we need put clinton in jail
even the few he does answer , nothing happens .
# worstresponders support first responders !
i know it &apos;s not easy working with committees , rinos , democrats , and the president .
we didn &apos;t win 2 world wars by being nice and inviting our enemies to dinner !
why has obama not been impeached , i place the blame on the republican controlled collective up there .... i am a very angry , disappointed republican .
no longer supporting gop since they are going to tax and spend like the dems .
no no no ... it is their civil war , and we are funding the bad guys !
you should represent your constituents , listen to your constituents , we don &apos;t support betsy devos ! ! ! !
do you ever watch c span or cnn david ?
both libs and conservatives use these ventures to pay themselves , sometimes , six-figure salaries at taxpayer expense .
either way , you are making a big mistake and you need to reconsider .
we have to put it behind us now and finally do the right things to right this country again !
may god give you and your family the best year ever in 2016 !
no where in the constitution is there a provision for any branch to relinquish any of it powers to another branch .
not trying to be negative here but please explain a few things ... you say no one is above the law , not even the president .
start impeaching the current so-called president ! !
the pres is going to play his own game to his own rules .
stand on your principles because they represent ours .
obama is the same obama that has been not working with anyone except appointing his own czars the last four years .
unqualified
the republican party should pack up and go home as the illegals will expand the democrats base until you cant get elected .
mission statement to see that our elected officials reinstate , protect , defend , and adhere to the constitution of the united states of america the save america foundation &apos;s 3 pillars : education strategic alliances implementation © 2013 save america foundation .
republicans should be ashamed of what they have done to our children &apos;s future , and the future of our country !
i &apos;m a lifelong conservative , but i am no longer concerned about the gop - 2016 is going to be eye opening to many career politicians .
obamacare is a prime example of how he dictates and does not lead .
then i read another link .. obama wants amnesty for 100 million muslim terrorists living in the u.s. before he leaves office .. !
congressman jim bridenstine wrote : &quot; this isn &apos;t just a problem with obamacare .
he wants entitlements for the majority , and the hard working people who get up every morning and make their money , he wants to give it to his liberal cattle as well , this so called president has to go ! ! ! !
call congressman vern buchanan &apos;s office and tell him you don &apos;t want to interfere in syria !
there should be more trey gowdy &apos;s and fewer of the others , too many to name .
we do not support devos .
you &apos;re backed by a lot of folks tim , and we stand with you ..... keep it up !
no amnesty , the economy .
before you come out with an alternate you better repeal whats on the table , first
if we don &apos;t coddle our students , we sure can &apos;t be expected to coddle devos .
can &apos;t the people on the hill see what obama is doing to america ?
also congressman massie , seeing how your from ky. i &apos;ve seen where south carolina is banning oboma care because of it being unconstitutional to force someone to buy anything .
57 % of the american people have spoken , we don &apos;t want obamacare .
no path to citizenship for anyone or their decendents who came here illegally- period !
we need to impeach the s.o.b.
as actors and actresses go , she will never compare with ronald reagan as a politician .
my rinos sold me out .
sorry you were treated like a common criminal in nashville , tn .
elise this isn &apos;t going to go away , if anything it &apos;s going to snowball .
hopefully , you will reconsider your position and vote no to cloture .
wonder if it is such a &quot; big business &quot; in a socialized system .
ditto tim and diane .
why no impeachment yet ?
if you are for illegal amnesty you will lose .
doug , this just says that you don &apos;t want or have the guts to stand up to our synodical president , much less read his document and view his testemony before the house of representatives today .
this muslim president is destroying america each day that passes , this kenyan lunatic is driving america deeper into debt .. 18 trillion and counting .. and while he cuts the military , he raises taxes on the middle class and then gives our tax money by the billions to islamist ....
he &apos;s the president he should be bringing parties together not further apart .
&quot; our &quot; flag is a disgrace its a symbol of tyranny within its own borders and nothing more let them burn it chances are that flag was made in china anyway .
tell it like it is tim .
stop playing games , your making our republican forefathers turn in their graves .
and many have called me an idiot for calling him out about wanting to make america a third world country ... i agree mia .
http : / / www.forbes.com / sites / energysource / 2013 / 05 / 10 / pipe-dreams-how-many-jobs-will-be-created-by-keystone-xl / veto the bill , president obama .
congress needs to be able to make and enforce the laws .
while obama is continually campaigning to disarm the law abiding citizens of our country he is now campaigning to &quot; upgrade &quot; the fighting capacity of our enemies .
i like rand paul ( his dad too )
he has proven over and over that he is not capable of leading the united states of america !
conservative estimates have shown that more than $ 3 billion in annual revenue can be raised by licensing and regulating internet poker .
it &apos;s not about healthcare it &apos;s about the communist trojan horse that is obamacare
senator portman , i request a no vote from you in regards to besty devos .
prayers for you mr. scott during this difficult time as well &amp; our police &amp; emergency workers .
we had a pretty good chunk put back for our daughter &apos;s college , then my husband &apos;s job got obamaized at the same time i got slammed flat on my back for a year .
we need honest men like you in the republican party .
from the washington times today : u.s. debt jumped a record $ 328 billion on thursday , the first day the federal government was able to borrow money under the deal president obama and congress sealed this week .
stop them , marsha !
lindsey , wtf were you thinking ?
- devos has no practical experience in education .
holder should be hung from a tall tree
the 17 republicans who voted to pass the bill : lamar alexander ( tenn . ) kelly ayotte ( n.h. ) roy blunt ( mo . )
thanks for your beliefs and the willingness to do what it takes to support those beliefs ! stand fast against mccain and any other turn coat republicans.we can take this country back if we stick together !
voting for any body but you johnny , you just screwed the pouch with this vote , count them sixteen votes from this family .
it the people choice but it seem to be that the government does not care about the people any more just them self .
please how can we conservatives stop this corrupt congress we have today ? ?
can &apos;t defeat lawlessness with the law .
here are the facts ... ted cruz cites 2 things he said that qualifies him for potus .
i don &apos;t know what mike lee ever did to him !
we need to pass a law eliminating executive orders .
i pray that your employers send you home .
well something different he finally stopped blaming george bush !
defund obamacare or lose you seat !
yes , obama , senator graham has more questions and we demand truthful answers .
congressman massie , i believe the kentucky legislature absolutely has a duty to meet to ensure the states laws are in compliance with the court rulings .
betsey devos is vastly unqualified .
you and your colleagues were elected to insure this administration is kept transparent but also that it be held in check---do what you were elected to do----quit talking bring action ! !
senator mccain , you listed no az pork .
why hasn &apos;t the repulican elected officials done absolutely nothing since getting elected ?
let the govt stay shut down .
if you can &apos;t get behind the american voters , then you don &apos;t deserve your position .
you blew it with the public when you jumped on rubio &apos;s train and you still ain &apos;t accomplished anything since you have been elected that &apos;s the problem with folk with a lot of bark with no bite ! ! !
appreciate your comment , praying is the only answer to our problems .
no raise in gas tax and you may be on the right track ...
you are absolutely worthless .
what would usa do without you mr. gowdy ?
i pray gods will be done
congressman yoho will fight for what &apos;s right .
congressman doug lamborn yet again you want to go gun grabbing , again there is a psychotropic drug connected with the shooter , not to mention thousands of other violent crimes .
sen. paul &apos;s august 28 statement pretty much reflects my view on the situation .
the federal government should keep their incompetent hands off the internet !
something inside you trey is so refreshing and hope giving .
qe2 or what ever he wants to call it is still going to bring on inflation and ruin the dollar .
congrats from georgia .
vern ... i believe that it is time for you to make a larger stand for the great state of florida .... congress is good , however i believe that a senate seat is the way to go !
obama has no intention of cutting spending , that &apos;s a fact and he has proven it .
it is time for a vote on a clean cr to reopen the entire government .
he is not a christian because no christian would ever behave the way he does .
i think republicians have done everything they can under the cirmstances , , at least they have tried to be fair and give we the people freedom and freedom of choice without being spyed on , this .
did i say any would moran .
our white house has a tyrant sitting in it who believes and acts as though he is a king rather than the president of a constitutional republic .
we have worked hard to bring our tax bracket up and make more for our family but now we make too much to get help paying for our insurance .
very disappointed in paul ryan and rubio
being here illegal is breaking the law .
the senators in va listen to no one but barry
you and the other &quot; establishment &quot; republicans should have been on board after the primary .
so far , the obama job creation has been either government expansion jobs or low end jobs !
there should be no debate .
obama has shown he is a traitor by telling our un reps to vote on the iran deal before congress had voted on it .
quit talking and get the impeachment started !
tom richardson : obamacare leaves 30 million uninsured .
unlike some , i don &apos;t mind if rand endorsed romney because rand hasn &apos;t seemed to betray his convictions by agreeing with everything romney does .
you should have been a real republican and supported trump .
a rarity in washington d.c.
the gop establishment is going through the phase of resistance ... as dr. carson wrote in his book &quot; america the beautiful &quot; , comparing old and new tea parties .
why couldn &apos;t gowdy have had enough courage to say that today ! !
and obama wants to raise taxes on the bigger corporate well we will be the ones that are really paying it .
time to vote mccain out of office for a young democrat who will actually work for the people .
best wishes dr. paul
rand paul , stop obama .
good job tim scott
there is obviously a consensus here that devos is the worst possible candidate for this position .
get over it lindsey how much money do you have and do you use obamacare tell the people the truth
yes , the unconstitutional executive order and that needs to stop at all cost !
well put trey ! !
dear senator tillis , great you are praying .
merry christmas to you and yours senator paul
the four spending bills sent to the senate which they voted against caused the govt .
the jess supported obama , let them reap their rewards if israel falls to muslim factions then so be it .
mr lankford - please hold fast .
last night you should have been standing by your fellow republican not dinning with the president .
our country needs to change soon or there will be 75 percent more people on the welfare rolls and very few supporting everyone .
no more politicians mr rubio .
get your butt in washington and try something new and halt his agenda
robert , please remain civil .
we bearly are making it and he wants to go on vaction ( no ) you lazy bumm
my personal answer no !
there must be a rule somewhere that says a candidate who has amply demonstrated he does not support the constitutional conservative principles to represent the party in the presidential election may be rejected by a vote of the delegates , or maybe it could be proposed on the floor .
thank-you senator mccain for your support of # lithuania , # latvia &amp; # estonia !
if obama is breaking the law then you , the people &apos;s representatives need to prosecute him !
you see , senator graham often speaks of freedom but is quick to sell the freedoms of the americans he represents to the highest bidder .
he wants nothing better than to destroy this country
lets not forget that mr rand paul did vote yea on the nomination of john kerry
if we default it &apos;s his choice not anything that congress does or does not do .
run with it mia i &apos;m with you !
my god man , they &apos;re done enough to destroy conservative principals and u thought , what the hell , ill give them a 1,000th chance to stand for conservative principals .
maybe in the future i would like to , but having the constitution will guarantee me an opportunity to own a firearm it is intended in the constitution .
how about across the board tax cuts ?
non-support for the republican nominee is support for the dems .
we need economic recovery - that will only come with a serious re-evaluation of the aca and a balanced budget .
kagan &apos;s long-term associations with socialist and communist groups are mind-boggling .
i pray to everything that is good that trey gowdy be elected as president of this great country while im alive .
ben sasse , you have no idea how many of us are totally with you on this .
ted cruz is the man i heard first time when his rumnning senator / texas.i told my husband hr will make it all the way.how would i know he have the entigrity and honesty that he posses.and still is , ted show them the right way to get america back again.i believe ! ! ! !
the republicans need to find candidates that will have a backbone and will stand up to the liberals .
oh wait obama is in control we are all screwed .
marco , it would be great to see you to seek another us senate term in florida .
trey gowdy i find my self sending you this to either remind you are enlighten you to this provision of the law .
their sole intent seems to be smearing sen graham .
delay obamacare .
and crist is sorry just like the noles
leave obamacare to the side for now if that &apos;s what it takes .
why , tom ?
congress better get it right , the country spoke and if you did not hear us we are fed up with a do nothing elected body .
and bad for our freedom and liberty and country in general .
holder needs some federal penitentiary time .
need to stop the inflow immediately and the fbi needs funding to ensure that the ones already here are investigated .
can we impeach this communist ?
diane i csnt believe you still think the house shut down the country .
no new taxes we don &apos;t need an internet tax .
in other words he knows it is the lord who direct a mans steps .
to proclaim that all conservative protests are peaceful , however , is untrue .
how do you stand with obamacare ?
under this total disaster of a president and have done nothing to stop his lawlessness .
if our state constitution is so easily disregarded and done away with by the administration then we have no value in dc .
we are paying for ss , so how about cutting wasteful military spending .
i would like to see some action on immediate concerns for oklahoma .
dear congressman meehan : your endorsement of paul mullen is indicative of everything that is wrong with the republican party today .
also with the number of rural districts in nebraska what can they expect with school choice ?
if you won &apos;t do your job , resign and let someone else uphold the oath to protect and defend the constitution .
if obama becomes a dictator , there is no guarantee that the national guard will follow him .
i cant stand him
welcome to republican party , party 1st , lobbyist 2nd .. america 3rd .
the government is supposed to help with public funding , and when our tax dollars aren &apos;t going to our schools we are harming our future .
either they deal with them or we will deal with their nations in an absolutely harsh and final way .
marsha blackburn co-sponsored sopa and received 30 grand from the media industry lobbyists.http : / / en.wikipedia.org / wiki / stop _ online _ piracy _ act
stick another criminal act against obama and his crew .
thank the lord we have some one there with a brain and pride in this country ! !
at least congressman gibson was a thoughtful conservative .
actually job number one of the federal government is to follow the laws of the constitution .
you either didn &apos;t read the bill or you just don &apos;t care that you are ruining our country !
you and mccain are out !
there are two types of republicans : an elite cadre known as rinos who are actually democrat-lite and tea party conservatives .
run mia .
so how is this aca being shoved down the american peoples throats when it is clearly unconstitutional to begin with ?
betsy devos is under qualified for the position plain and simple .
no cost of living in last two years , we do not want either cain or pol9quin i congress
thanks rand ... you &apos;ve got a lot of people backing you !
when the fbi does nothing there is no &apos; investigation &apos; ~ read your own words .
they comeback and win it to tie it to 2-2 with the momentum heading home lee
thanks , ted .
john mccain speaks : the world listens .
you need to support your republican party .
that he has decided to resign
praying for this country
i am a conservative with libertarian views of our country .
for shame ; c u next tuesday , murkowski !
congressman dave trott you would do well to read this and follow it &apos;s advice in the last paragraph .
that comment by the tennessee commissioner is worrisome .
then we &apos;re gonna get rid of bentley and all the rest of the rinos here .
god bless you and your efforts to do what is right .
only constitutional when the vote is your way huh rand ?
with you thom
at least mccain wouldn &apos;t bankrupt our beloved country like what &apos;s his name is doing .
no more debt lindsey .
i don &apos;t think that the president feels he can get anything done with this administration .
tea party lackey ... what 40 votes to repeal obama &apos;s care ... not one jobs bill .... member of two of the most unproductive congress in history ...
thanks mike , do your best to influence your friend in the senate as well .
since there aren &apos;t ( and obama &apos;s relative got a free pass ) i &apos;m going with deliberate sabatoge of conservative groups .
tell obama and boehner no .
watching you now senator scott .
speaker boehner is out of his league .
take a stand ted , for once .
it is clear that the citizens of this country and especially those who live in the great state of texas have had it with political crap that comes out of dc .
this is what happens when you take impeachment off the table
when is my next town hall joe ?
this time the republicans have attached planned parenthood to the repeal .
we need to stand with our true friends israel
research beyond partisan news media , maybe some libertarian news outlets &amp; you &apos;ll find more of the real truth
i want to know when and where mr. coffman will be holding town hall meetings during the august congressional break .
praying for a miracle .... he is able .
why do you blame republicans for everything ? the pres .
he is a muslim and will set his people free !
erica lee , hope you get your head out of the bias media , and faked poles ....... unless you are living off the system , you should know better .... get off your barry phone and get a job ! ! ! ! !
the south will rise again !
we need more rand pauls in washington to stand up for us .
two words : rand paul
think i will move to sc so i can vote for tim scott ! !
sen. sasse , while i know absolutely nothing about you other than what i read in your letter , i am absolutely certain about one thing .
trey gowdy is a true american .
good for you bruce .
or , as alipac put it , this is a &quot; traitor list with contact info and proof of amnesty stance &quot; !
the voice of liberty and freedom cannot be stifled .
flat tax is easy on w-2 income .
one of the many reasons i voted for you marco rubio , well said .
congressmen coffman , i didn &apos;t vote for you even though i &apos;m in your district .
i don &apos;t understand how anyone thinks that asking our &quot; credit card &quot; companies ( speaking hypothetically ) to raise our limit is ever going to do anything but dig is deeper into debt .
hang in there mia this country needs you .
yes , the government needs to pay them back
well said mia , perhaps one day you will run for president , you would make an excellent first female president .
just following in the feds footsteps .
rand paul detained by tsa for refusing screening as too invasive .
we can be liberal and conservative and not tied to any 1 thing except for what is best for this country .
senator , thanks for your efforts thus far to defund obamacare .
the large majority of the american people say no .
quit whining and do your job .
put god back in this country and see the amazing things he can do .
my gut instinct , without looking up mr. amash &apos;s vote explanation , tells me the amendment was watered down , had intolerable riders , etc .
we need the president &amp; hillary held accountable for benghazi
the lame ducks thought we were gonna go back to our napping after our temper tantrum in november and let them go back to ruining the country ; we &apos;re not !
this is the stuff of king george and we all ought to be furious .
because he &apos;s in obama &apos;s pocket .
it is time to clean house of all career politicians .
so rand , what are you doing to get the truth and convict the guilty ?
ok , but you do realize that obama does not have control of that yet , right ?
why wont they impeach him they have more than anough reason
obama is a liberals liberal .
the tax code should fit on 3x5 note card .
try not sucking on romneys butt too much rand .
why on god &apos;s green earth is bro hood hood barry still doing in the wh . ?
all these conservatives and not one brain .
keep standing on christ the solid rock james
it is no wonder that the american public is fed up with congress .
please reverse your opinion on betsy devos .
this president has done nothing but try to bankrupt this nation since he took office .
in they cr they can refuse to fund anything to do with obama &apos;s unconstitutional amnesty .
you better get the votes and forget about petty issues because we are beginning to think you people like the way things are .
attention congress : arrest and trial is what we want ! ! ! ! ! !
no sir he has not .
need to audit the fed !
mr. president your contention that there has to be a tax hike in order for the economy to get better is stupid .
probably none !
i pray he does what &apos;s best for our country , not put us deeper in debt.romney would have done this for us !
every time there is a buget crisis like this , we give tax hikes in exchange for spending cuts .
a republican pulling an obama
you should be more interested in sustainable , renewable energy jobs here in georgia .
he is a documented liar and a president with almost no accomplishments .
i like blaine but if this is true he lost my vote .
good , maybe the senate will do something with the tsa
steve , i may have missed anything you wrote about obamacare .
now start turning back the damage that the obama regime has done to this nation .
lastly , mrs. devos is simply unqualified for this position .
short of closing down the internet , stopping all international travel , locking everyone in their homes , bringing our military back from overseas to protect our own borders and dropping a nuclear weapon on the middle east , there is no solution .
i &apos;d reconsider this response if i were in your position .
this is not obama &apos;s debt , and you know that .
i am from ky ( lived in sc two states ago ) and am appalled that in the government funding bill mitch mcconnell put in 2 million for our state !
this administration has one goal and one goal only ..... completion of a long running plan to destroy this nation ..... from inside out .
in short : if you want to express a serious , mature , and legally robust vision for a limited government , you &apos;re going to have to appeal to principles outside the constitution in order to do it .
mr. mccain , i really think you need to choose sides .
a president who supports our constitution .
i hope sc voters continue to support you and keep you in washington so you can do good on behalf of all of us .
yeah , and the republicans were such beacons of limited government and reduction of it &apos;s spending and forceful interference while they had total power for 6 years .
it simply amazes me that the gop think they will get the hispanic vote if they cave on amnesty !
residual effects of obamacare .
it &apos;s too late for you and the rest of you republicans who didn &apos;t step up because are so fearful of him cleaning house .
then the deal with terrorist iran .
there is so much more to do besides concentrating on obamacare .
mr. gowdy , i hope you and others will pursue hitlary clinton and nail her hass to a jail cell .
to be blunt , a sales tax cartel is bad news for tax policy and bad news for privacy .
you , trey gowdy , are a great man and america is greatful for all you do for our citizens .
i hope all the ron paul supporters vote for gary johnson the libertarian candidate f * * * mitt romney for cheating .
and we wish you the very best when you replace him : ) ... you have the whole south end behind you its the gerrymandering that got you last time i believe .
your word is trashed , you did it when you signed a promise to the republican parry to support the republican nominee .
how about , dismantle the irs completely and go with a fair flat tax ....
obama and the obama administration
big debt + bad dollar = no job growth .
keep hammering them , lou !
very true tom !
good thing you guys can have another commission that will do nothing , waste tax dollars , and delay action by more deliberation .
too bad prince harry stonewall reid will let it die !
bruce is helping veterans !
no obama care legalize marijuana ! ! !
and no , ron paul won &apos;t be president .
at what point is congress going hold this administration accountable ?
you are fighting the good fight , mike .
gotta love rand paul !
crashing the u.s. health care system was the original intent / agenda , tom .
no need to answer that , rand !
time to send obama on a one way trip to prison ... and repeal all of his executive orders and cancel all checks written to countries that do not like us ... and a few that do like us but rather lay around and make babies instead of working for a living !
only god can change the climate ... not obama who thinks he is a god .
remind me again why government spending is twice what it was when clinton was in office ?
the deal should be stopped at all cost and kerry and obama should be tried for treason !
don &apos;t give into these liberal tactics we the people are behind you and help us get the rinos out of house and senate .
no politics involved .
check out the snarky , libertarian version of the life of julia !
hi vern , i feel it is largely symbolic , but yes i do think it should be repealed and replaced .
however , disasters like solyndra and the continued crony capitalism around ng and solar i strongly oppose .
from the &quot; expert &quot; himself regarding the fox interview .
override the veto next .
god bless you little guy
margaret thatcher was a great conservative and a fantastic lady .
great job , now i &apos;m asking you to come home a fix this mess that is i594 ! ! !
obama fully understands that but that is not consistent with his socialist agenda .
i applaud obama for doing something to take care of god &apos;s earth !
please share wi all your republican and conservative counterparts up there martha .
time for congress to act before it is to late .
the problem with that is congress does absolutely nothing it was sent to washington to do .
lead , follow or whine but for god &apos;s sake do something of benefit to those of us who aren &apos;t the koch brothers .
obama said raising the debt ceiling is a failure of leadership and he was right when he said it .
i could care less if congress has to sign up for obamacare .
impeachment would be a more effective approach .
congressman buchanan , you will have more information than we will .
praying for wisdom and truth to be revealed in this leadership .
cruz and lee are demonstrating real guts and leadership .
all over the world christians have hope and pray long live america .
wake up america before its too late .... the enemy is in the white house !
this is a key vote for your heritage action conservative score .
i am not a liberal or conservative .
maybe the only way we can get rid of this federal choke hold is to start thinking about suceeding and starting all over with a constitution that does away with these life time appointments of these judges .
sure wish you were republican presidential nominee .
usa can survive default but we cannot survive o-care .
however , will you please stand w / senator cruz and vote to defund obamacare ? !
i second that from az go mia go .
&gt; &gt; robert hayes &quot; the survey in nc says .
please reconsider your stance as you decide how you want your legacy to be remembered .
they do what their told to do , by the &quot; emperor obama &quot;
yes , you should talk with the senate , you should have been doing that months before the shutdown to reconcile your two budgets .
senators and congressmen - at least arrest him for fraud and treason , for assisting our enemies and destroying us from within .
mr. mcconnell , you represent what is broken in washington and your stance is disgusting .
due to her part in the irs scandal .
rand paul supports fairtax.org
it doubled under george w , the reagan bush era quadrupled the debt , where we the nay sayers then ?
article one of the united states constitution gives the house of representatives the sole power of impeachment and the senate the sole power to try impeachments .
you mean exonerated by a jury of republican congressmen who were unaware obama transferred nsa oversight to congress because you were too busy prosecuting your numerous pseudo-patriotic witch hunts .
if marco rubio would have run with romney we would have won hands down .
the only threat we have is in washington d.c. if they engage in a war it is only to help the muslim brother hood .. wake up america
this president should be impeached on a number of laws he broke , but nothing has happened yet , and probably won &apos;t .
raising the debt limit is like getting a new credit card to pay off your old one
go help rand paul who is filibustering brennan over the drones .
everyone needs to stand with cruz to try to defund it .
treason is punishable by impeachment and jail .
bush jr and obama took the stance that americans elected me and thats that .
he is a good speaker but i can &apos;t quite buy what he &apos;s selling .
i oppose devos , and i &apos;m a republican !
i &apos;m ashamed of mo brooks everybody else that voted for boehner .
and thanks for listening to all of us from north carolina and our concerns !
congratulations bill may god bless you as you serve !
senator mccain , i do not know if you ever read these replies , but if i may sir , there are two reasons you lost this past election .
time is gone , &quot; said senate majority leader harry reid , who said he will not negotiate with the house gop anymore .
and now i have to get obamacare .
not only drill here drill now , but cut some of the epa nonsense that is killing business .
you want obamacare , the only one from idaho .
round up muslim &quot; visitors &quot; in this country and send them home .
we true conservatives will remember how you voted today !
don &apos;t let them get away with the not answering the yes no questions .
how i wish obama could understand that !
prayer is part of the problem in this nation .
listening to the irs hearings !
great job johnny and bob !
impeach the whole crowd needs to go ! !
big of you ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i urge you to listen to the people who allow you to serve us and reconsider .
senator john thune as one of the most powerful republican senators in the u.s.will find support in your home state to be shifting .
come on gowdy you noodles get a back bone and say hell no--you aint bringing here--the peole have spoke
impeachment proceedings must be brought against this president and his extremely inept administration .
go ted cruz , if you don &apos;t know him he is a brilliant lawyer and debater who has argued before the supreme court 11 times , he shares many of the same positions that bruce does .
i agree james robertson
maybe it &apos;s time for conservatives to play some offense , instead of letting obama constantly be on the offensive .
really glad i dont have to study constitutional law from a constitutional lawyer .
your right marco
in ky never or tom
keep fighting , sir !
no you need to get obama out of office
we would not have the freedoms we have today , without our soldiers !
if christ taught us anything it was to love one another , to be even as he was ... are we americans before christians or are we christians above all else ?
zero impeached rep
why thune would help cut their ratings by being on that loser network is because then the brainwashed msnbc people can see a reasonable guy ( thune in this case ) and realize msnbc is just out to prop up guys like obama and trip up anyone else .
if we give all the money to govt leaders then the job would be done .
i liked ron paul and even voted for him ... but i lost all respect for him now .
boehner won &apos;t do anything .
at least you &apos;re not out spending our money on golf games .
thanks mike for all you have done for us
it &apos;s what you are paid to do , so just put your views and partisanship on the back burner and vote no to devos .
there are a precious few who stand with we , the people , in congress anymore and would take a stand to get rid of obamacare .
god bless this country , and you mr .
if both parties and the president cared about closing the border and sending illegal immigrants home it would have been done already .
he &apos;ll veto .
sc will truly miss him ! ! ! ! !
this election is not a vote for republicans mr. ryan !
he has an agenda not his own !
i just called dan coat &apos;s office and urged him to support ron paul &apos;s audit the fed bill and also rand paul &apos;s bill to cut aid to pakistan , egypt and libya .
so it would be inconvenient if you don &apos;t do what potus says ?
he wants us completely dependent on government .
this president needs to go ! ! ! !
that he is resigning tomorrow morning , the man doesn &apos;t care about the citizens of the united states of america except how much money he can spend and how much damage he can accomplish
we must cut spending !
i don &apos;t know who our next president should be , but it should be someone with morals and enough backbone to stand up to people who don &apos;t believe in christian values .
please sir get obamacare defunded and please start the procedure for impeachment of obama
yes , obama &apos;s overreach is that serious .
merry christmas to you and yours , dr. c
hear you and ryan are gonna cave on the budget tomorrow .... hope none of those &quot; refugees &quot; hurts any americans because the blood will be on your hands ! ! !
looks like congress got a pay raise .
all people in our country if we all don &apos;t take our stand and remove obama from office then we arn &apos;t doing our part.please people wake up and lets get help to remove o &apos;bama , we did nixio , and hes 100 times worse than nixon ever was .
some of us belive in what you are trying to do , i just wish their were more in congress were like you sir .
i thought i voted for you to stop the spending , mr. walberg .
my congressman , luke messer disappointed many of us today ... you did not .
it &apos;s past time to start impeachment for any politician that fails to uphold their oath to protect and defend the constitution !
john mccain is a patriot , he served his country with honor .
mcclintock if you expect the gop to be any thing in the next election , except a distant memory you and the rest better get your butt &apos;s out of your seats and do something , i will not be voting for you again unless you and the rest start doing something .
obama needs to go and take all of the illegals with him , since he loves them so .
we are your constituents and we will certainly remember how you vote on mrs. devos .
you ain &apos;t seen nothin yet , mia .
great to hear lee !
shouldn &apos;t they take up the house bills just to defeat them and send a message ?
with the help of people like isakson , the cr easily passed cloture , allowing harry reid to introduce an amendment restoring funding for obamacare now know as isaksoncare .
use this time to push for impeachment .
you would call colin powell a communist because he supported obama and his ideas for president .
go mia , we stand with trey gowdy !
just say no
yes we need to stop sending money or goods to these countries soon we are going to be worst off than them do you think they will send us anything ?
i pray you will still vote for donald trump .
i &apos;m all for religious freedom !
screw them rand , you stood up , more than most !
i wish that your dad had been the nominee , rand .
the assistance we sent ( 2011 ) to afghanistan , israel , iraq , pakistan , egypt , haiti , kenya , jordan and south africa alone is over $ 25 billion .
liberty is liberty .
i will never forget your vote to repeal dadt .
mccain warned us abot fannie mae and freddy mac ten years ago !
as much as i dislike and distust mr obama , there were some valid ideas in his &quot; new plan &quot; .
stop sending our money to foreign countries , taking money from americans , borrowing then sending it to foreign countries and supporting illgals .
tom i thought you were going to be different and really support freedom in sc but you &apos;ve done nothing either .
about time mccain sounded republican
he has not been corrupted by the stench that had become the administration and congress .
then do not move from iowa to tennessee like i did .
the epa has a tendency to create conflicting regulations and cannot agree with itself .
we cant win with a third party .
vote no tim !
how do you plan for wyoming students to compete in the world market with barely a sixth grade education ?
exactly why the next potus must be a conservative !
bush you are the next looser
politicians are hoping and praying that you &apos;re not paying attention to what is going on , and congress will only put a stop to this internet giveaway if they hear from you right now .
people like you eric are the reason that we are losing our freedom in this country ! !
no , and we should not have sent $ 1.7 billion to iran .
give em hell tim !
sen. graham , the band of court jesters that obama surrounds himself with are only the fools that do his bidding and not there to serve the best entrust of the american people .
he has told so many lies that have been proven and confirmed as lies ... nixon was impeached for far less !
no tax , no way , no how ! !
i &apos;d vote to remove all of his executive power .
it should be rare that legislation be greater in length than the constitution !
how about giving our funds back to local school districts and abolishing common core .
the bush adminstration cut taxes and reduced the regulatory burdens and we got the worst recession since the great depression .
um , obummer is supposed to execute the law .
christie likes to change positions on whatever suits what he needs .
loved carly &amp; ted cruz
$ 10,000 of his money was then included in a $ 179,000 transfer to the democrat party of south carolina .
no he did not .
i oppose betsy devos and i vote .
people are beginning to realize this guy is no leader .
you are slowly chipping away at our constitutional rights .
congress needs to ask the front line managers where the fat is and trim it !
and no one in the congress is doing anything about it .
if you need someone listen , talk to your husband , friends &amp; a grief support group .
mlk would be treated like herman cain in the lamestream media ..
kudos to ran paul last night !
he sunk his ship months ago , and # evanmcmullin is the lifeboat .
my family supports most of your voting habbits , but this spending has got to stop .
there is no justification in sending more money to the politicians in d.c. cutting spending and waste is the only answer , not raising taxes .
i know you are for guns but you guys don &apos;t have grizzlies in sc so not sure how her policies are going to help you .
the president has bent over backwards to get anything done with congress .
you did the right thing and united many .. most people in this country love the constitution and you reminded us why ... keep it up !
boehner was no conservative , not sure if any are left in congress ?
it is also time for mccain and graham to support you or retire ... they both are relics and rinos !
mr. gowdy , do you have intentions of running for the big chair ?
had enough of you and graham both .
rand paul reminds me of a piano player in a marching band - there is just no place for him
he has risen just as he said !
praying for him and his family .
why weren &apos;t the people of south carolina to vote on it ?
mr. fred upton , what do you propose ?
benjamin franklin , george washington &amp; abe lincoln
including our constitutional rights .
fidel , died yesterday , justice has been served , the dictator who destroyed cuba , you are right , the dictator died , not the dictatorship .
let them send the dogs you have many friends in liberty .
save us , john mccain , you &apos;re the only one who can .
if you folks would start watching what he does and quit paying attention to what he says you may someday see the light .
it is my opinion that the house is the only way to stop him .
no one is willing to publicly ask him the hard questions and demand an answer !
why haven &apos;t impeachment proceedings begun ?
don &apos;t worry about speaker ryan .
government has failed the american people !
first principles first !
mccain for president 2012 ! ! ! !
it &apos;s not just the president , and sen. reid , but speaker boehner and sen. mcconnell that need to come to their senses .
the house has sole control of the purse strings .
we need more people like john mccain to press through .
merry christmas mr gowdy and family
god bless you for looking out for true americans .
i was hoping trey gowdy was going to get scj
i am a sc teacher with over 20 years experience .
say no to syria and yes to defunding obamacare .
more government spending like this piece of socialist legislation compound the problem .
he is already killing this country so just give him the boot ! ! ! ! !
do your job sir ! !
and this section is being torn apart , similar to the way our constitution is being ignored
harford gillaspie congress wants border security .
your constituents made clear what your conscience should have - devos is bad for our children .
by putting americans back to work in private sector jobs , not government food stamps and welfare or healthcare .
we deserve the government we vote for .
freedom and small government .
impeach dt ! !
rep. elise stefanik does not now , nor has she ever owned property , paid property or income taxes to or held residency in our region .
i pray an hedge about charleston that no man can break through in jesus &apos; mighty and victorious name !
bashing rand paul for his filibuster ?
you had no obligation to offer an alternative to obamacare .
and what will you and the rino types do about it ?
or is this judge simply another one of the many enemies within our country , within our congress , within our mainstream media and within the ever-present and somehow now powerful revolutionary communist party who work continually to bring down our president and our country .
i sent my aarp card back when aarp endorsed obamacare .
when the bill comes back to the house please encourage other representatives to hold the line on obamacare .
perhaps they should have put in something tying debt limit reduction to obama being a windbag instead .
there is no way we can trust anyone or anything at this point .
remember , most gitmo detainees haven &apos;t been charged with a crime yet ..
i think we can all agree that the people don &apos;t trust the government on all levels anymore .
as ted cruz ignorantly implied with his &quot; green eggs and ham &quot; rant , don &apos;t knock obamacare until you &apos;ve tried it .
sir wont you please run for president ?
🙏 🙏 🎄 merry christmas &amp; may god bless you &amp; yours !
what a mistake vote was , and he got it .
wonderful , mr ryan but where were you earlier ?
god bless all that gather in the name of jesus &amp; communicate with him &amp; god the father in prayer ! 🇺 🇸 god bless america once again !
obamacare is only part of the problem .
including mr. ryan here .
she will not be good for the country or the state of georgia .
if you a wacko bird then i am proudly a wacko bird to , maybe we can become the wacko bird party now , lol
you republicans in the senate need to take advantage of the november momentum and put a stop to harry reid &apos;s antics in the senate .
obama is not in charge of spending .
why don &apos;t you tell everyone how nc doesn &apos;t have the exchanges that other states have .
let them do it the people don &apos;t want obama care and the nation can &apos;t it or them .
cruz is a member of the establishment !
we need you as vp marco please help us win
also corker and alexander need to go .
he &apos;s a liar , when are y &apos;all going to accept this man for who he is and throw him out into a cold jail cell ? !
based on that pic he needs it .
hmmmm send it bak defunded and repeal a couple 100 useless laws from the overreach of the fed .
another redneck out south carolina
anyway it is a done deal .
good choice on carolina !
sp glad you were so wrong , lindsey .
as an american serviceman , i had lost the pride i felt serving my country , you have given that back to me , that which i cherish most , pride in my flag and my country .
during the last stance by sen. paul , g.m.o.`s .bad on the brain .enjoy retirement ....
sure , mia .
this illegal thug who was let out of jail on bail , then ice waiting to see if he was suppose to be deported !
she and her family just did not fit the mold of what the gop establishment wanted .
we are with you sir to the very end
many people who are legally allowed to be here , are being turned away at our borders or before they can even get here .
you didn &apos;t sign the flood aid bill in the metro detroit area , and then you buck your own party by voting against kxl .
obama is the worst president this country has ever had
so why is it that obama &apos;s budget gets 0 votes in congress from his party ?
our founding fathers got it right .
lots of nice things to say all along about their favorite , marco rubio who came in third in iowa and 5th in new hampshire despite all the campaigning by fox on behalf of rubio .
if he by passes congress that is illegal and he should be impeached .
paul ryan never heard of her .
any amnesty bill , no matter how tightly you secure the border will make the illegal immigration problem worse and it would increase the number of illegal aliens actually .. amnesty bill won &apos;t just reward the current 20 million illegals .
obama stinks .
so mr. gowdy who will be prosecuted ?
that is because president reagan was a statesman , president obama is a community action guy who the media got elected president--cc
good riddance to that spineless pos
have ya &apos;ll decided how long you are gonna wait before you cave ?
it doesn &apos;t make sense that they would curtail our freedoms .
president paul , really not going to happen .
we have to kill obamacare before it kills us .
its nutz , we should use our own resources and quit helping other countries who don &apos;t appreciate it anyway and look down us
mr enzi joins trump in the wholesale selling of america .
oh yes , the laws are for us .. barry is above the law ...
how about getting impeachment proceedings in motion !
he will not agree to spending cuts and we will be in the same position when we get to the debt ceiling fight when it is so unnecessary .
i want to hear him and all the republicans state that they support a balanced budget amendment and the fairtax !
out all these conspiracy theories for what they are - lies to protect their guns so they can protect themselves from the evil empire that is known as the obama administration !
vickie lynn cole-hendrix
if hill is elected we are really screwed and a third party would guarntee her election .
i want to be one of the first to apologize to congressman poe .
you voted wrong for our country today , the constitution is not up for debate .
our national debt increased 89 % under this president george w. bush .
we also want communist comey locked up
time to hit the unlike button , see ya lefty lindsey .
idaho does need to do more for businesses to encourage them to bring their businesses here .
mr. comey said is not problem with e-mail ! .what about there were found in huma &apos;s computer at her house .
john mccain is passing out lollipops and some whoop @ ss .
mccain for president ! !
we americans need to wake up before our constitution is trampled beyond repair .
yhes , but not at the expense of free law abiding people &apos;s liberty .
happy anniversary , johnny &amp; dianne !
if you haven &apos;t noticed it &apos;s congress and senate that are allowing obobo to continue to destroy us
please see the video on travis vilas fb page ........ message to you mitch mcconnel .
balance the budget ... stop the spending and stop this nonsense .
when you do not have the money you stop spending !
i am sorry also that you are one of the ones he has fooled .... they haven &apos;t even voted on s510 ... unless they have within the last few minutes .... they only voted on cloture ... which is not the same as an up or down vote
obama and co. are the enemy that maragaret thatcher and ronald reagan warned us about .
keep on track senator tim scott
john kerry testified and lied his butt off during the oliver north trial need not ask him nothing he is just as stupid as clinton .
btw , pass a clean budget bill !
sorry james , but everyone i know includiing myself have been furloughed a lot more days than that because of obamacare .
we have an obama problem
the status quo is better than this bill which does not guarantee a secure border despite the rhetoric here and in the senate .
i agree with tom m
our president is not capable !
please do not replace it ; if that means not repealing the entire bill first .
we need spending cuts that is the problem folks not taxes .
people who i know like their obamacare .
now i know he &apos;s not a true republican !
she has little to no experience in the field of education .
mia love = stupid = uneducated = selfish = believes in the destruction of all .
typical lying from the left to waste more of our tax dollars .
obamacare is good , just needs tweaking .
my senator from kentucky voted against it .
do not give them anything for housing , food , healthcare or jobs and they will deport themselves .
republicans , who have called for budget cutbacks , wasted over $ 50 million trying and failing to repeal the affordable care act .
better than a total backing of this ill carried out order ... but we expect better senator scott .
happy thanksgiving and god bless you senator paul .
traitor barry soetoro deserves no respect sir !
paul , you forgot to get our tax dollars from the vacation time unnecessarily taken by the obama &apos;s .
if he had taken those before spreading word to the media i would say snowden is innocent .
no pre existing on insurance coverage .
what about defunding batfe ?
stand strong , stand faithful brother .
voted for reconciliation , doesn &apos;t want to be seen as obstructionist towards president obama &apos;s scotus nominee and now supports rubio , an opportunistic liar .
the people of georgia pay for the playing of politics , johnny .
we need a change , but not the one obama is imposing !
i know personally i would be proud to stand shoulder to shoulder in support of bruce .
you should stand up for us on the defunding of obamacare !
but if they stand in his way i will have no problem voting different the next time around !
i hope to listen to the rebuttal by senator rubio .
the confederate flag had nothing to do with this crime .
has president obama &apos;s foreign policy made the united states and the world safer , or less safe ?
instead of just being part of the do nothing party just vote no on the presidents &apos; nomination and be done with it .
i hope when ted cruz is the nominee , you &apos;ll finally figure out your choice at this point was wrong .
i would suggest cutting our military budget , especially nato .
these bunch of spineless rinos wouldn &apos;t dare do that .
do the job , brother .
sir why did you cave to the democrats over the victicious fiscal cliff and vote for tax increases you need to truthfully admit to this folish act or i will not cocider voting for you in the future !
save us john mccain
thanks .... now can you talk to lindsy graham for me .
another example of the feds looking out for themselves .....
need to cut all across the board if they are going to make cuts ... our veterans saved our freedom !
you are whatwrong with the republican party .
clearly the administration is either incompetent or malicious- either of which is completely unacceptable .
our government needs to learn to operate like a business and be efficient ! 1
i keep praying god will get a hold of the citizens and give us the courage to stand up to these tyrants .
paul ryan , i have always thought a lot of you , but you and the bushes have deserted conservative americans .
this administration is ruining our country ... tearing it apart bit by bit and leaving our children &apos;s children in an insecure country .
paul ryan , you are a snake .
if he is as smart as claimed and was a good student , what does he have to hide ?
devos is woefully unqualified for the position .
praying for comfort &amp; peace to the marines families .
i guess that only applies when we want prayer in schools .
i would repeal healthcare for sure !
let us tell you what is &quot; unconscionable and horrifying &quot; - how about a representative who does not represent the people - come out of hiding and hold a town hall - or are you afraid ?
our president is not listening to the american people .
yes the language is bad james but you as a christian should back him and forgive if for no other reason than the supreme court !
worse still , i wish for your grandchildren to suffer public education under betsy devos .
speak the truth , we will not default due to the constitution ! !
happy thanksgiving to everyone and please remember our troops in your prayers
do the right thing , for once # worstresponders
if the irs targets us conservatives , we won &apos;t even be able to discuss and issue like benghazi without fear of persecution .
no mo poe !
impeachment and tried for treason
that you congressman yoho .
still i &apos;d like to see epa gone
obama is our first imperial president
reed is crazy to do that all he has been doing is filibustering bills if you can &apos;t get this amendment passed kill the bill don &apos;t send it to obama
again , don &apos;t raise the debt ceiling and let , no , make the president do his job .
oh right , the conservatives are fighting to pass that tpp ... do not preach to us about our choice not being &quot; conservative enough &quot; !
he wants to ruin our country .
everyone should be included ... from our president ( family ) on down to welfare recipients .
lindsey i agree with some of what you said but the truth is like a sharp knife it cuts to the bone .
federal , and state law enforcement needs to enforce the laws we already have .
louie gohmert is the real terrorist here !
prays for tim scott and his family during this time of grief ..... may god bless them
totally agree mia love
he is already acting like a dictator .
please do not support obamacare ... we need to get rid of it ....
i think obama and his henchmen forgot to read this part .
thanks rand paul ... keep singin &apos; it !
now what do we do mia .
yea it is amazing when these crony judges think they are above the will of the people ... the supremes did it to us in ca ! ! !
he is doing exactly what obama wants , destroying the usa .
too bad for the republican party
can we impeach sasse at the same time are getting rid of paul ryan in the house ?
senator scott , sincerely sorry for your loss , prayers for you and your family !
justin you are really going to support obama in his war cuz u say the un won &apos;t do it &apos;s job so we have to .
time to retire mccain !
hopefully they don &apos;t have any friends desperately need low-cost medical insurance i cannot afford it under obamacare .
then why don &apos;t you get rid of obama before he destroys america totally ?
stay strong jerry , we back you 100 % .
is obama our president or not ?
if obama had security like this in benghazi ..... 4 americans would still be alive !
no raise on the debt ceiling .
fire obama !
... obama is out of control with his overwhelming use of executive orders !
gotta have a pres who will veto any spending !
obama get your head out of the clouds and help american people
if tsa won &apos;t let you fly then you shouldn &apos;t be allowed to buy a gun .
actually it was not a tax increase .
crist is an obama hugger and will be kissing his ?
show these spineless drones how it &apos;s done .
stay true trey , and may god bless your pursuits .
so what obama is trying to implement is to let illegals apply to the program so they don &apos;t cross illegally .
yeah where were you months ago paul ryan ?
you need to help us take our country back .
gayle walls , i believe dhs is obamas army against the us .
i think the current administration thinks it makes them look like the savior of the american people when the can find a scapegoat .
i also urge the passage of an arizona style law in utah to protect our citizens from the crimes associated with illegal immigration , and the potential for terrorist attacks .
please stand your ground today ! ! !
you caved and accomplished nothing productive .
thanks for your service mr. poe , your &apos;re a fine american !
amen jimmy
not your dad .. the guy who state has the fifth largest economy in the world .. with a balanced budget and zero debt .. who is that .. oh yea .. ron paul
in the state of sc yesterday we were forced to watch gays on the news getting marriage license .
most americans are afraid of our own government .
you need to step up and you probably voted for the worst speaker of the house ever , john boehner
i have a suggestion for your next town hall meeting .. lose the charts ..
who is the &quot; we &quot; who are spending the money ?
may god continue to bless your family !
then drilll baby drill
it will give charlie crist the opportunity to tell the voters why giuliani endorsed rubio-mainly because of a pay back for crist not endorsing giuliani during the presidential campaign .
stand strong against this charlatan , mia !
how long was it before obama went to iraq or afghan .
there is no reason for our military to aid syria , none !
i look forward to the next election so i can help remove you from office , mr. mccain .
obummer wants us to keep buying oil from his arab friends .
obama wants us weak , so he can do more damages .
when has he ever done what he must ? ?
a real man owns his issues just like marco did on this statement .
please work to impeach trump .
delete what it costs tsa from what we give away every year .
i thought the watergate scandal had something to do with trying to find out how cuba was donating money to the democrat party .
they all need impeachment for failing to do their jobs !
i truly wish you would pray about supporting someone who is not qualified for the job .
stop trying to give away our rights and stand for the constitution you vowed to protect !
yes gowdy for commander in chief ! ! ! !
rubio did well .
3 billion dollar earmark for mitch mcconnell &apos;s backwater dam project .
if you think ga voters won &apos;t remember your xenophobic stances come election day , think again .
that oath you took was to protect the constitution against all enemies foreign &amp; domestic .
government produces / creates absolutely nothing - it can only take and redistribute .
i do want to ask that you stand up tomorrow and say no to betsy devos for education
this bill will allow funding to continue for darn near everything the republican party claims to stand against .
thanks congressman bob goodlatte
sen. lankford , i hope you have concerns over how the executive order to block travel from 7 countries was implemented .
gods blessing to amanda &amp; family
as if the republicans don &apos;t tax and spend for needless wars ?
why does he want them to pass a bill when he does this ?
fyi , i heard that someone was talking about you re : the zadroga act .
# worstresponders - your actions are reprehensible .
thought her speech was elegant and very complimentary to speaker boehner .
we need to get spending under control now , not increase taxes and maybe reduce spending at some later date .
mr gowdy , please stop this man .
let the democrats grant amnesty to millions of left-voting illegal immigrants .
shame on john mccain of whom i thought was a much better person than someone who would stoop so low as to call someone else a name , even like &quot; wacko bird &quot; .
a man who believes in the constitution
go tom , go ! !
she will be confirmed because we have too many spineless people in washington ! !
perfectly stated , mia .
tim , i really wish you would run for president !
she is no more above the law than the past republicans who have retrieved email from private email accounts .
well we &apos;re waiting johnny
amen i agree 100 %
impeach him for treason !
i &apos;m not against the president trying , i just think our government officials need to work together and come up with something that will be agreeable with everyone .
the us should follow the constitution not international law .
why why why are they not doing anything ?
just like your buddy obama
doing a great job tom ! ! ! !
abortion is a very small part of their practice , and that has already been precluded from federal funds .
no answer yet ?
i &apos;m liking what i hear , marco !
thanks to bruce poliquin for the va letter he sent to me .
north carolina will never forget that you voted for utterly incompetent person !
demand his resignation now ! ! !
mr. mccain i think you &apos;re a great person and god has a plan for you .
i don &apos;t see devos fixing schools , especially considering she has no background in education and has no experience with public schools .
don &apos;t you mean emperor obama ?
god is love .
i mean the irs in control of our lives , really ?
if you had wanted to help mississippians , you would have stood with the rest of those courageous republicans and called for a run off for speaker of the house .
he gone !
america needs romney .
i am in total agreement that the food stamp program itself absolutely needs to be reformed .
take a stand for something and quit whining about coulda shoulda woulda .
he sure did listen to the constituents ... didn &apos;t he ! ?
praying you can get your work done , this nation &apos;s work .
you voted for obama care so i get to not vote for you
yes intent is irrelevant in these cases , it &apos;s much like the son of sam laws , they are profiting from illegal actions .
mr. palazzo , if you think common core is a problem , then we have a problem .
let &apos;s wait till obama &apos;s out of office so he can &apos;t claim it was his idea ...
roy please help represenative issa investigate the obama corruption , another sesteck deal this time in colorado !
rep. reichert : could someone from your office please explain the rules the irs uses to ensure that an entity applying for non-profit status really is a non-profit ?
you are wrong , isakson .
in prison for amounts far less than sharpton presently owes , and president obama &apos;s latest budget proposal is for tax increases .
marco you will be the next presidential canidate .
ryan , grover norquist opposes my position on taxes and subsidies .
please , senator scott , do what is right !
you will be held accountable for dismantling the aca without a replacement plan .
&quot; elections have consequences &quot; -- yes and by that logic , you should have nominated obama &apos;s pick for that position .
i pray the truth comes out
wait until obama &apos;s gone first .
please mia make the party hold up up what we voted for ! !
taxed a flat rate against income is a good idea as long as the rate is the exact same for every working individual ... ie .
right on senator paul
don &apos;t lose faith mr perdue ; most folks aren &apos;t used to politicians who don &apos;t cave .
thanks but no thanks ... where were you when he needed your sgupport ... can &apos;t jump on the trump train it already left the station ... you loose , gooday sir !
i am a conservative and this tactic make me sick to my stomach .
y &apos;all job is to look after use .
so very disheartened listening to your town hall meeting .
i haven &apos;t lost faith in bruce .
i like you but i think it should be cruz / paul for 2016 ... you would make an awsome pair and can get this country back on track .. uphold the constitution of the united states should be number one , if we protect the constitution every thing else will fall inplace ..
better question is what are you gonna do about it ?
i will work tirelessly to be sure you and mccain never hold a position in congress again .
representative mcclintock , please add your support to ending animal abuse by cosponsoring h.r.
i think no truth comes out of dc they just cant do it !
maybe az will vote against mccain and you two lovers can disappear together .
also , wish you wouldn &apos;t have voted for boehner .
johm mccain
i agree that no president is above the law ! !
no compromise , defund aca .
its our constitutional right you arrogant pinhead !
another confirmation of why we admire and respect trey gowdy , a man of integrity !
so very disappointed on your vote that further kills america with more debt .
brenda , talk to your congressman in ohio , barton does what texans sent him to dc to do ... vote conservative principles .
i hate to say it but i am questioning the motive with this cuba deal , i &apos;m not as enthusiastic about this as many , excuse me if i don &apos;t trust the president to do anything without a hidden agenda .
the other candidates saw ron paul and now try to imitate him .
he supported the republican party when he could have ran independent !
stop sending aid to arab nations ( plus israel for that matter ) and stop bombing them .
they will likely do this in the december cr .
personally i like and admire sam .
impeach mr. obama , he has violated the constitution on such a level that even some liberal law professors have said he &apos;s gone too far .
that is killing jobs , part of fraud obama &apos;s plan to destroy america ! ! !
somebody call 911--- sasse run over by the trump train ! !
hey morg , keep up the good work .. our nation needs you !
obviously he did not or he would be impeached or in prison .
tim why not the nuclear option in this case and put it in the dems face ?
no big surprise here !
will you filibuster with rand , cruz &amp; lee ?
sending prayers for all ....
doug definitely does his liberal homework .
still with you , marco !
a very happy thanksgiving to you mr. gowdy
that he is willing to talk with john boehner in a civil , adult way and stop slinging mud .
actually sen. i checked the votes of congress and you all cut military spending not the president .
when you had the chance to stand with the voters of our party , you became a traitor .
to think the ability for the military to arrest and detain a us citizen indefinately without charges or a trial ..... how can this happen in america ?
get it johhny ... you need to take on the communist and islamofascist within our own government as well .
sorry for your loss , paul .
before reagan there was actually upward mobility in this country .
and it will make for fewer people going thru the tsa lines with less people on board the flights .
educate your children on our constitution
mm , you are a gutless , spineless rino .
well deserved lee
we now have capitalism in china and socialism in washington .
but if not , just wear your rino badge with pride .
in a representative republic you vote for your constituents , not your party .
rewarding people that break the law will just get ...... more people breaking the law ...... do you really think this open border is going to be secured ?
rand keep taken the fight to them ! ! !
keep up the good weork marsha !
really mr. yoho , let &apos;s see the facts .
it &apos;s all the blame game and their attempt to get the house back in 2014 to finish the obama communist agenda !
if that is the case then wouldn &apos;t it be unconstitutional for the president not to act if he was aware of a problem and didn &apos;t act immediately to correct it ?
don &apos;t want to pay that dumb tax for not buying the junk !
also a repudiation of failed rino policies .
passing the latest omnibus spending bill proposed by obama means the republicans are complicit in the immigration crisis as well .
boehner claims that we had a majority of r &apos;s and d &apos;s to vote in favor of continuing the bush tax cuts .
until you have a viable plan to replace or improve obamacare ( sic ) , you are most certainly in the wrong to attempt to defund it .
do what is congress going to do about it ?
marco rubio lied to gop voters for taking the pledge .
do the right thing vote no on cloture !
too bad our commander in chief is too busy to meet with pm netanyahu .
very true its a wild fire out of control
pollspoll : should barrack obama be impeached for releasing terrorists from gitmo ?
rand paul must be insane !
the republican establishment is trying to hand the oval office to a woman who should be behind bars .
it is a shameful practice for the industry &amp; for tennessee .
if you have any doubt what the conservative vote is in the future--ask rand paul , ted cruz or mike lee not harry reid !
no thanks to your support .
&quot; nay &quot; to devos .
did you whine about getting aid for sc ......... i hope you get none ! ! ! ! ! !
as you know the press puts a liberal spin on everything , and the so-called conservatives of the tea party don &apos;t understand our system of government .
&amp; impeach obamanation ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
bush and johnny isakson had a sitting republican president w bush speaker hastert and senate leader frist and no reforms took place .
real americans god loving humble americans is what makes this country great ! !
read his conversion from liberal to conservative .
i hear that congress is trying to exempt themselves from obamacare .
and you and mr. mccain are an embarrassment to this state .
nixon was impeached and our economy tanked worse then when it did during bush and obama years .
just kidding , how much treasure can we plunder , while the mic , make &apos;s bank , we are not stupid !
article ii section 3 of the constitution does not give the power to the president to make a deal like this alone .
if we eliminated this mandate ( for hospitals to treat all regardless of ability to pay ) we would go a long way in lowering health care cost for those that have insurance and pay thier bills .
voters will toss out most of them i pray .
usually i agree with rand paul but apparently rand paul has a big corporation &apos;s back as soon as anyone even questions why they pay so little in taxes
only sell arms to true allies .
congress needs to stand up instead of being worried that they won &apos;t be reflected !
afraid of impeaching him for benghazi cause that my dears is the only legal form of impeaching him !
ooo-rah sir !
i still think it is the responsibility of the republican party to come up with a plan to deny donald trump the nomination .
thankful for ben carson and chris christie and the few who supported trump .
signed , 1975 graduate of wyoming public schools
i will still pay my taxes like you , send my kids to the school that my taxes pays for using the roads that my communist taxes pays for .
i think that all this co-dependency only helps the liberal leaders , it does nothing for our culture .
i &apos;m glad obama is doing what he &apos;s doing .
for those who are talking about impeachment - courts have ruled in both directions on the law .
as for people who think the government built the infrastructure .. remember : it was your sales tax , property tax , income taxes , went to people who did build that , in turn they spent that money at the local business that pay much much more in taxes .
senator enzi , i am disappointed and ashamed by your vote .
obama is vile .
shame on you , mitch mcconnell ! !
in other words , it will be a cold day in hell before this president is held accountable to anything .
you make me ashamed to say that you &apos;re from kentucky and that i voted for you .
devos is the wrong person for the job .
you have my prayers !
i see all the liberals ( 1960 &apos;s holdovers or wannabes ) are well indoctrinated
i was a supporter of yours marco .
is senator marco rubio about to cave on our second amendment rights ?
hope it &apos;s not to little , to late .
we would have to increase taxes by 40 % to cover our spending .
why was one of the first responses o did was to send the doj lawyers to the coast ?
it &apos;s about time an establishment republican wakes up and realizes most of the republican constituency is sick of republican senators and house members rolling over like dogs and showing obama and company your bellies .
lets just eliminate the irs and put a reasonable flat tax on everybody .
i think he &apos;s going to talk of course on jobs but he needs a real plan with low taxes .
people are starting to get wise and obama is throwing another tantrum .
congressmen fred upton and greg walden just introduced legislation to block net neutrality .
and while it &apos;s a long shot , a handful of conservative congressmen are threatening to do exactly that , will you join the 16 or so who have committed not to vote for him ?
and do your time run for pres and get out of politics dont be like people like mccain : )
what i do know , if so , it would be unconstitutional under the interstate commerce clause of the constitution .
sen paul when is the senate going to call for obamas impeachment ?
you should press and get our m1 carbines from korea that obama won &apos;t let come back and have them distribute them to all non felon kentuckians ! !
but this conservative congress wants to keep taxes low , selling us that same old lie that if taxes are high then there will be unemployment .
why shouldn &apos;t the president appoint someone who will do what he wants done .
vern happy easter to sandy , the boys and you .
i will vote for you rand !
lost all faith in you john thune , you failed south dakota , you failed this nation
obama started this attack on our fine law enforcement and the blood from the death of every officer is on the president &apos;s hands .
emperor obama !
you know you are not going to win , step a side and throw your support to the one true conservative that can beat trump , ted cruz !
rand paul is not one either .
tim and the rest of republicans .
no way around it .. everybody better get ready to sacrifice a little , or just keeping living in the dream world the tax cut , spend more crowd brought us .
doesn &apos;t think he can as he didn &apos;t read the obamacare bill before he voted for it !
and yet barry wants more !
i heard nothing on the news shows about that today , which of course doesn &apos;t surprise me .
join with rep. stockman from houston tx and impeach obama if he skirts congress !
you are a good man rand , dont not let them break your spirit
tom , we need to stand strong with ted cruz and ask the others to not cave in .
congress will set up an impossible situation then blame the generals and the president for not making good choices that congress is not allowing them to make .
after impeachment then prosecution for treason and the deportation ... get it
to blame a flag for what someone did is stupid .
it &apos;s not &quot; being a king &quot; rand he is being a tyrannical dictator !
voting for a president is picking the lesser of 2 evils anymore .
romney was a liar .... and all you republicans were idiots to put him in there .
mitt wiped up the floor with president obama , who obviously can &apos;t debate without a teleprompter telling him what he believes .
this would have been a good stance to take before caving in and voting for boehner .
and if you want to remember or see first hand what the 50s looked like - go to cuba obviously the selfish thousands who &quot; escaped &quot; to the u.s. over the years did not appreciate all that he had done for them .
time for massive recalls and an impeachment !
interesting how tough obama is pretending to be now that he is on the way out !
having grown up in sc , i loved the confederate flag and our southern culture .
senator mccain , tired of trump asking for an apology .
death tax is absurd .... makes no sense
i voted for bruce and very proud to do so
hopefully both houses will impeach him when he runs amnesty down our throats by executive order .
john mccain why don &apos;t you lead a ground attack and take all the warmongers with you .
appreciate your efforts rep. amash , but i &apos;m afraid that this president believes that he is above the law and will continue to ignore it at every opportunity .
diane needs to go .
congress needs to put everything in correct order , even to over power this new ridiculous idea about transgender bath rooms .
help us tom !
paul ryan you are the poster boy for term limits
don &apos;t stop until this ridiculous administration gives in !
is it true that obama is shutting down the south defense system ?
flat tax no loop holes
his list of impeachable offenses gets longer and longer .
george washington , teddy roosevelt , ronald reagan
trump , cruz , carson and rubio did the best in the prime time debate .
obviously be coherent to methods geraldo will possibly use to make fast &amp; furious seem not so illegal and or give cause to accept that obama utilizing executive order was on the up and up ...
thank god someone in washington has the backbone to stand up to king hussein ...
maybe we should tax the church to fund planned parenthood .
its more absurd that he gave so much to egypt and gave expensive us military weapons to several unstable foreign countries .
tired of obamacare .
cut off all aid to countries that don &apos;t show any progress in the quality of life for the people that the aid is for ! ! ! ! !
japan tried tax cuts .
supporting this agreement should be a &quot; no brainer &quot; .
eliminate capital gains taxes , income taxes , payroll taxes , and employment taxes and install the fair tax .
obama isn &apos;t like lankford , who always thinks the glass is half empty .
happy thanksgiving lou and your family
i am happy that you have enough self respect and are smart enough to not support donald trump who has ruined the republican party and made long time supporters of the republican party question it now .
the republicans need to stop listening to liberals and start getting some back bone and stand up to these nuts .
no replacement until after the election !
because he is an obummer thug and they can do any damn thing they choose .
good for you , senator ryan !
tom , with reference to above suggestion about running against feinstein , i suggest you wait for boxer .
ok i have been hard on you but this is what is right for the people of sc and america .
it is because of politicians like you that we no longer have a two party system in america .
go back to where you came from if you don &apos;t like our customs , and cut off the money , housing , medical we are giving them and they don &apos;t like it here .
we don &apos;t have a &quot; broken &quot; immigration system , we have an &quot; un-enforced &quot; immigration system .
good luck marco !
the only thing that will help with the debt is for congress to stop passing bills that puts us deeper in debt .
sir you have lost my respect and my vote .
it &apos;s past time sir .
sorry for the cuts senator graham you just can &apos;t fix stupid .
praying since it happened last night .
obama is like a spoil brat , his way or no way .
mia , please consider endorsing dr. ben carson for president .
what mike reynolds said ... sen. mccain , if you &apos;d actually been a conservative , you &apos;d be in the white house right now .
we need to quit bowing down to obama .
south carolina used to be a reader in the reader of states &apos; rights ... the reason for the war if northern aggression .
you sold out rand paul .
forget a balanced budget .
sorry lindsey , don &apos;t be an opportunist .
its not like i can vote for rand .
i &apos;d like to hear him talk about resigning .
god bless you , trey
repeal the income tax ( when the monster quits getting fed , it shrinks back to what it should be ) , and charge a goodly number of current and former administration people with treason .
you lost my vote aunt lindsey and many , many more
even today ayatollah khameni walked on a painted flag of israel and said that israel would not exist with 25 years .
mr. congressman , i am a republican .
unfortunately , we the people have forgotten that we need to stand up for what we believe in .
pentagon may court martial soldiers who share christian faith http : / / www.breitbart.com / big-pea ... &#91; &#91; share &#93; &#93;
when he is the far left ... well just keep working for the american people like you do for us in kansas
just because the senate would not convict him does not mean the house should not exercise their duty and impeach obama .
obama is too effing stupid to understand this ..
lamborn is neither truthful nor does he care .
unfortunately rohrabacher is too tall to be vp for rand .
merry christmas , rand !
end the irs and federal reserve .
you sir need to go home and stay there !
if no other nation is willing to support us , why should we go it alone ?
please defund bho &apos;s amnesty ploy ! ! ! !
at least democrats admit they are socialist and communists , you guys pretend to be conservatives .
call out that rino .
brynn , jesus would give of his own money .
stop their healthcare , put them on the same as ours , stop foreign aid 100 % , and stop it now !
that number is 109 percent over last year , so the plan is growing in florida and not a failure as you have told us .
yes it &apos;s time that we stop sending foreign aid to countries that don &apos;t support us or our ideals
its great to know there are other men of integrity and character as marco .
consider someone outside the dc machine .
yeah but we all know obama support of israel is fake !
pray america ! ! !
go mia and strike down this terrible piece of legislature .
yes to trey gowdy for majority leader !
stop this crazy spending on illegal acts .
obama is a traitor and deserves to be in jail for all of his treasonous acts from fast and furious , to bagdahl , gitmo release without proper notice , socialized health care , decision and unrest !
i &apos;ll vote for you again ted poe , but johno brainer has to go .
the speaker of the house should have them all arrested and detained until order is restored in the house !
i should have guessed carol is a ron paul supporter .
so why should we republicans next mid term elections give the gop a senate majority and waste our time and $ $ $ $ ?
i noticed some people wanting you to endorse ron paul .
i am praying for racial unity
the problem is not immigration , it is the act of illegal immigration !
and happy thanksgiving to you and your family mr. trey gowdy
you bring up the constitution about withholding the senates pay when harry reid has totally ignored his constitutional obligation to pass a budget for the last 4 years
the eo &apos;s by obama are not unconstitutional .
seems rep scott wants another term to do what he failed to do in his first term .
in obamas own words ; we won .
james , thanks for making the smart decision .
impeach obama and he won &apos;t veto it .
the bottom line is just like all the rest of the politicians you are all talk and no action ! ! !
later rand .
not sure how such a public minded ( in the past ) citizen can support devos
rand paul for president of the universe !
the people of sc have been living in peace and harmony with that flag flying and would have continued to do so , but now it is debatable with all the stink that is going around and outsiders trying to get something started in our state .
now you must make sure obama doesn &apos;t get the chance to appoint one of his liberals to the position .
that &apos;s because he has no intention of doing the will of the people but his and his islam brotherhood
and this is why scott angelle will not get my vote .
additionally rep. ron paul ( who has a long history in the austrian theory , and repeatedly clashed with reagan admin .
congress , senate and president is not listening to the people .
i am praying for the lord to change our president &apos;s heart too .
the present senate , king obama and the news media are doing their best to create socialist regime .
not watching he don &apos;t care about america and he lie &apos;s .
greg obama care is a terrible plan and will result in the destruction of our economy , country , and the medical industry .
no syrian refugees in tn .
it seems that tea party radicals want to shrink government as small as they can get it by essentially starving government of tax money .
or how about the idiots who think we should have him vote to stop all defense spending .
senator paul , i am in agreement with you on a great many issues .
too bad we didn &apos;t rally when it came time for a new speaker
thank the lord for our 2nd amendment rights ! ! !
if it is ruled to be constitutional any pretense we &apos;ve had at having a limited government can be thrown right out the window .
trey if you like him , i am all for him
why did risch and crapo vote to give up the internet ?
none of you do your job and are just wasting our time .
ted cruz , marco rubio , ben carson and fiorina are the 4 who i feel best about at this point .
at least he didn &apos;t climb behind the wheel of a 3,000 pound weapon a stone cold drunk like you mr. crapo .
the collective goodwill of all of colorado goes out to you rand .
obama is only fullfilling a promise ... to brazos aka george sorros .
zeldin , i will be at youre patchauge office to drop palm cards from my office to you .
tell mcclintock to stop lying to you about obamacare being defunded by a government shutdown .
kinda late to the party aren &apos;t you ?
voted for liberty !
congratulations to you , tim , but even more appropriate is congratulations to us .
impeachment is in the wings .
senator mccain - with all due respect , merrick garland did not even get a hearing and he was also well qualified .
bring the heat mia !
governor bill haslam has expressed that he did not support the republican candidate mr. donald j. trump .
that he has trusted in jesus as lord and savior and that he would pray on behalf of our nation , repenting of our pride and begin to lead us back to nation that is under god .
he &apos;s resigning just like pope benedict
no limit on the debt .
we should be ashamed to have a national debt !
we want that he stay there with usa troops and be lead usa soldiers to be training our armies .
yes no war we would all lose ! ! !
now they promise $ 1- $ 40 spending cuts .
you are one of the good guys trent franks ..
he did it all all we have to do is believe !
pass a repeal bill again .
you say we need to stand up to obama , you say we need to stop his illegal executive amnesty , you say a lot of thing but your voting record proves to us they you support obama .
so when he violates his constitutional authority again and issues this royal decree what are you going to do about it this time ?
we flagged 34 of the proposals on the list as ones that either wouldn &apos;t raise taxes or would only do so through a penalty for failing to comply with the proposal .
he doesn &apos;t care what we americans want and he knows he has 3 yrs 9 months to push his agenda .
too long mr. ryan you and your kind have been running your mouths and doing nothing for the people who unfortunately elected you .
do not do like fast and furious .
and was there a gun running operation out of benghazi connected in anyway to the situation in syria and if so , is the way they didn &apos;t protect american lives what we should expect from this administration if we do send troops into syria .
living with communists roaming around your house , your farm , your family and being harassed if not terrorized is just as bad as living under communist rule .
god bless you rep gosar you are the only rep that gets back to someone and listens .
call a press conference and publicly tell them no
we need to increase the debt ceiling .
all this spying has not ever stopped one terrorist attack .
louie gohmert , a true patriot and man of integrity .
and if gowdy does nothing from the hillary investigation , then he , too , will be included in this list .
your turn in 2016 , senator paul !
prayers owing up
we south carolinians are proud of mr. gowdy !
the democrats are doing just that with pelosi , reid , obama !
wow , a sam is a mean thing .
does 1john 3.6 mean that no christian ever sins ? ?
however ... snowden had a security clearance which gave him acces to classified information .
no pulling pork
no more immigration from muslim countries !
we know you are going to do great work for sc .
i hope the trump administration finds a cabinet position for you marsha , you are by far the best congressman we have !
mia you are articulate , and your common sense approach needs to be reinstated at the federal level .
say no to ryan .
in my opinion , paul ryan has become the standard bearer in our party and should be speaker of the house , in the 113th session .
bring out the cases against obama and go for the jugular .
everyone that &apos;s in the congress &amp; senate is &quot; scared &quot; to stand up to obama ! !
reversing socialist agenda
obama doesn &apos;t want america to prosper .
i am leaving the republican party because of traitors like paul ryan .
mrs obama is rubbing it in the taxpayers face while her husband tries to say the conservatives have no feelings for the working class .
sen. scott , please change the filibuster rules in the senate .
yet obama marches down his path to destroy our economy and our country as we know it .
why did you vote for obamas tpa deal .
when is congress going to exert it &apos;s constitutional responsibility and put a stop to these blatant infractions of the separation of powers .
dhs caught spying on veterans in 2009 , the fbi and department of homeland security began a program to monitor white supremacists and &quot; militia / sovereign-citizen extremist groups &quot; for terrorist activities .
i say we need geithner , who was secretary of the treasury dept until he quickly departed earlier this year ... why did he jump the ship .... because he knew of this irs scandal which is under the treasury dept jurisdiction ! ! !
scott desjarlais happy independence day to you !
when are you going to begin impeachment proceedings
the real enemies of america .
very poor schools in south carolina
we have no idea how far he wants to move this country to the left and what lengths he is willing to go to to make it happen .
i will pray for you and hope you can make good decisions to heal this country and get us back on track .
do not cave , even in the face of the debt ceiling where the scare tactics over it are way over blown .
i pray that you will continue to hold this administration accountable for what they say and do that is so blatantly against the us constitution .
bring the truth to us jim , we have to know and deal with it now.stop the spending now.it will hurt , but we will begin to heal.remember our constitution and keep god close by.we are praying for you .
trey happy thanksgiving .
is there any truth in the report that trump offered the u.s. attorney general position to trey gowdy ?
i just hope the fine people of south carolina vote you out of office .
he said he would not vote to repeal until a replacement was in place .
now obama will run the table and the us into the ground .
spend another 2 million and you still will not have my vote emily cain ....
ron paul 2016 ! !
we don &apos;t need to replace him this year !
the term of public servant can no longer be used by you if go against the choice of the nebraska republican voters .
the rinos are no different or better than the dems .
yep , when you cut spending , govt does less , what a surprise .
so marsha , where is your plan ?
can &apos;t wait to take our country back in 2010 .
i have 1 question to ask why has obama not been impeached ! ! ! ! ! ! !
defund it , use your only power .
when you really say defund abortions you are defunding not abortions but health care for women and those who are economically disadvantaged .
you know what socrates said ... &quot; if the law does not apply to all men equally , then it does not apply ! &quot;
mr. gowdy , merry christmas !
please impeach him
taxes are taken out of our unemployment ... we pay or state and the federal government .
trey gowdy , hes our man un dc !
you have to ask yourself how &quot; republican &quot; boehner , cantor , &amp; mccarthy really are ... yes that &apos;s little &quot; r &quot; republican !
trust god and only god .
mr tillis , why are you voting to allow these jihadists to continue to come to our country ? ?
christie is done for me and many others .
start worrying about the iran deal that is going to be so destructive and everything else you have allowed obama to get past you .
he has defended our military , he has defended our security . , he has defended our christians , he has not tried to steal votes , he has a common sense plan for immigration .
vern is parroting an article by right wing obama hater elizabeth harrington , posted on drudge .
i heard you on fox &amp; friends this morning .
close your borders send back all these young males back .
senator mccain please keep speaking up .
i am even happier that he donates money to people like lankford .
yes , we did , and they are to be content with their wages , is what our bible says , and , sir , what else could we do to fix this country &apos;s spending !
the question remains whether liberty will be allowed to co exist and power not become tyrannical .
then why stress over something you have no control over , if your not in politics or the president .
so he wants us to read and understand his son &apos;s vote .
your duty is to the constitution and your constituents in nc-7 , not the party leadership .
you disappointed the teachers of oklahoma .
good luck and god bless you , mia !
senator isakson , i &apos;m very disappointed in your announcement and i hope you will reconsider .
happy anniversary sen and mrs. mccain ! ! ! !
well said lindsey ..
now let &apos;s circulate this heavily throughout mo so others will be aware and not vote for blunt .
mr. vern , support america &apos;s sick and dying 9 / 11 first responders .
it appears from your writings that you present yourself to be on the conservative side .
the egyptian military did what our military here is constitutionally charged to do ... they stood and fought with the people not the corrupt leaders ! !
replace this loser with a real conservative .
move on and do what government is supposed to do .
rather than criticize this man you should be thankful we have a thoughtful conservative in the 36th .
this president has gone to far !
he can pull through if he fires the people around him .
peter king on fox news sunday just called the conservatives in the republican party &quot; isolationist &quot; and are dangerous to the party .
i know that the blackburn family had a great christmas !
diane and all the republican delegation are voting together !
obamacare needs to be repealed and revamped .
obama the muslim brotherhood terrorist is financing terrorism , destroying the usa and stealing its cash while putting us further into debt .
definitely not qualified
i know you &apos;ll do sc proud , as always !
my son attends a sc partial magnet public school and is receiving an education on par with the local private schools , we need to keep investing in our local schools so they improve instead of siphoning funds away from them .
need to pass a bill to cut all pork in bills and stop all funding to all other countries until our debt is paid off ..
before the recent election , i wished i could meet several of our government officials , including you , tim scott .
get obummer out of office !
we true patriots must now rededicate ourselves to the principles that make america exceptional .
rand is set apart from the other republican candidates , and in order to get a shot at going against hillary or bernie , he first has to prove that he is better than the other gop candidates and become the front runner .
rand i am praying for this country and that you and others will continue to work as you have to save it
you have asked us to defend ours .
you know , i just might start to like sen. mccain
dear sen. senator marco rubio , i will write in your name in ca .
just pray to god
bad for america , bad for israel .
and yet you do not sponsor the zadroga bill expired last night .
needs to step back and take another look at what they are doing to this country ..
the tools mccain and graham need to take lessons from you , senator , to learn how to really stand up for the constitution instead of just being talking heads all the time
we have lost a major source of tax revenue by our losses in this sector .
mitch mcconnell and scalia both scumbags that want nothing to do with enforcing the constitution .
the american people can have no faith and trust in government when agencies such as the irs are used as political tools .
maybe if boehner had not been re-elected by you and the others , after the people specifically ask you not to re-instate him as speaker of the house , we would have won yesterday &apos;s battle .
if you gd rinos would spend half as much time actually doing what we send you there to do as you spend on lying to us ... it would just be mind-boggling how much progress we could make as a country .
i didn &apos;t see congressman goodlatte complaining during the bush administration .
the majority of people in florida did not support rubio .
we need to set up a recall flake campaign .
betsy devos is opposed because she lacks any experience and qualifications in public education necessary to run the federal department that deals with public education .
i think the whole government is a bunch of liars ......
nora carter raymond , but raising the debt ceiling would be all on him .
mccain you are my hero !
i recall too many lies and not enough protection when it comes to our constitution and far too much corruption at the core of the republican party .
the documentary every american that loves freedom needs to see ... this needs to be stopped we must get organized and stop this no islamic law in america and we must protect freedom of speech .
holy cow ... america has been waiting over 6 yrs for the replacement .
the point is , sir , is that any law that is written with any potential loophole will be abused .
they wanted to keep the middle class tax cut and raise taxes of the top 2 % but you all could not work together and compromise on anything .
no one cares what was allowed during bush , clinton , or obama nominee hearings .
and oh yes i &apos;m sure i was counted as those added to the rolls wanting obamacare .
fly the american flag seems to be a dc
that you , rand !
initial reports from the fbi indicate that this was likely friendly fire from other border patrol agents .
he is able to go toe to toe with bho , and can best articulate the stark contrast between his ideology ( conservatism ) with that of the chosen one now occupying the wh
2 chronicles 7 : 14 then if my people who are called by my name humble themselves , and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways , then i will hear from heaven and will forgive their sin and heal their land .
the senate does not originate taxes !
it &apos;s not up to the government to distribute the wealth in this country .
harry reid needs to go !
and term limits and a balanced budget no raising the debt ceiling
i wish rand paul were president .
we all have to teach him a lesson to stand with donald j. trump the nominee of the republican party .
senator burr , as a public educator i feel it is my duty to tell you that betsy devos has no experience in public education and is not familiar with any of the practices that lead to providing a successful educational experience for students .
more people than you know are supporting you in their prayers .
if serious about the liberty movement then vote for gov .
obama has repeatedly and dangerously purged our military of experienced american generals and fighting men / women , only to replace them with hispanic illegal aliens to give them amnesty .
replace it with bohner care ?
god bless you mia love always on point !
rubio made sure that few republican primary voters across the nation would be unaware of his leadership for the giant bill .
now you &apos;re really going to defund pp ?
why is the argument that the flag didn &apos;t cause that young man to shoot people ?
why is nothing being done about obama .
i dig mia love !
rand paul , do you really understand the presidents tax .
primary isakson !
utah voted a law that is against the constitution .
i think if the conservative patriotic citizens like myself could pin the democrat and republicans on the left while a 3rd party becomes the major party on the right .
mr. amash , you have lots of supporters all over the states .
does that mean the potus can kill any american in the usa ?
too bad that bush , obama and the congress have been working every day for the last 12 years to take away our freedom and destroy our country .
mr gowdy you are one of the people in this world that gives us hope for our country ... a lot is to be said about what someone writes .
when i was there i witnessed how badly their hands were tied concerning border security .
the 2nd ammendment says : &quot; shall not infringe . &quot;
nothing good can come from obamacare that benefits the american people .
i sure don &apos;t want a pansey like lindsey in the wh ..... don &apos;t want a professional politician ... already had too many of those ..... trump is a breath of fresh air and is scaring the hell out of the rest of them by telling it like it is ...
you &apos;ve lied about the emails .
marco will rise 10 more points on crist !
we need constitutional immigration reform not executive amnesty .
until we get rid of obama , we will have this waste .
rand paul right as usual !
now we have the tsa with their hands in our pants .
... silence ... you my man tom are part of the problem .
mr. trey gowdy ... i really hope you are on top of this one : .... the american people deserve much better than this ..... http : / / www.zerohedge.com / news / 2016-11-02 / more-collusion-between-clinton-campaign-and-doj-kadzik-provides-heads-podesta
# 1it is isis not isil # 2 they should never and i repeat never be in arizona for anything !
your a great man trey you and your family have a great one
carly fiorina is slowly winning me over .
whether you want change or not , devos is not qualified to institute them .
why because mccain has been where we have in combat and know &apos;s what we would need to do if and when the time came .
mr. congressman , you totally sold out the american people .
i have not forgotten what mitch mcconnell said , &quot; our goal is to get this president out of office &quot; .
impeach the immigrant ... &gt; ! !
god bless and good luck , mia , in restoring this fabulous nation to a constitutional republic once again !
people have health insurance but a bunch of idiot don &apos;t realize that their stat insurance is obama care .. and i could go on ... what was so much better under bush ?
should the republicans not stand up for what they believe in because they don &apos;t have the numbers to override a veto ?
did you know that when the government started the income tax they said it was only until the war was over , so what happened to that marsha ?
republican party is in disarray and we still don &apos;t what his policies are .
obama views the constitution as an old piece of paper that is bothersome to him .
praying for you and your family daily ! !
please do not re-elect boehner as speaker !
i have tried to contact your washington office and tell you not to cave on the dhs bill .
because he knows the military is not with him or the demmie rat party
work with rand and others and make sure they don &apos;t stray from the constitution .
why does mccain want war with russia so bad ?
no way we are going to let cain take this seat .
we have a potential 3rd world government forming before our very eyes and a lot of people have buried their heads &quot; in the sand !
at least justin amash has the guts to stand up to him .
cut the budget to obama &apos;s private army
no no ! ! ! !
mr.ed royce , happy independence day for you and for all original americans who are defending the democracy in egypt against the muslim brotherhood and i &apos;m sorry to say that the american government is supporting them against the will of the egyptians .
i hope you and mccain are shown the door after this next election .
christie has crossed to the dark side .
stop obama , that &apos;s what you was elected to do .
dave ramsey says presidents can &apos;t create jobs.so whats up ?
way to go marco
eric holder in drag ?
y &apos;all need to impeach him and stop talking do it enough is enough .
come on ted , vote against boehner .
comey has given the republicans the fuel for the fire .
while not born in ca ; i was raised in southern ca and left the year after high school graduation ; i believe i &apos;ve been back 5 times for short visits since 1959 and that is way more than i ever need to see of ca .
and get rid of these liberal judges in our state !
right on senator scott !
jack &apos;s off with obama
i would have hoped he would have done it in a more traditional way ; however , with the way obama and his minions go after true whistleblowers today perhaps it was his only way .
your a classy guy , trey , one of the best and brightest us politicians i follow .
irs cound not stop them obama could not stop them stand up for ameraca join today .
you libs got what you want ( a town hall meeting ) and still are yelling about the time .
amen tom well said .
it &apos;s time for you and the other liberty minded republicans to stop pretending and join the libertarian party .
you are in the senate you fool .. the senate has already rejected the stupidity that you are talking about and sent back a clean cr to the house .
allow both parties to more fully scrutinize ms devos .
wish i lived in kentucky just so i could vote for you
i fully support you steven and until we get god back into our schools we are all destined for failure .
he &apos;s committing an impeachable offense if he does .
for rand .
jess nate wilson , like a majority of americans who are on some kind of dole , i understand you wanting the debt ceiling raised ; otherwise , you may not get your share of free money .
once again mr rand paul offers common sense to mad men with a preference of gambling with our future .
james ... that is exactly what they want you and us to believe .
open the debates for 3rd party people .
bring articles of impeachment against his imperial highness barack obama .
i for one have had enough of the government in my business , i have watched our country go down the tubes for the last 40 years .
yes if we are supporting them with healthcare , free food , lodging , and everything else our citizens need , send them home if they dont want to work and pay their taxes and stuff like we have to .
what is it with all the conservatives that they are now singin &apos; another pro liberal song ? ?
mia , you make way too much sense !
when they refused to acknowledge god , he abandoned them to their evil minds and let them do things that should never be done .
ted cruz is one of the few left in the republican party that still understands true &quot; conservative &quot; principles and has &quot; backbone &quot; enough to stand up to the liberals and the washington-machine we call a congress to do what is best for the american people !
marco rubio is correct .
for all you fools blathering about obama care being the law of the land : maybe it was until obama made 7 illegal changes to the law .... he does not have that authority .
rand paul you are what america needs !
seems i remember a certain politician who said we should stop sending money to countries that burn our flag .
go back to the yacht club and party like you usually do , vern .
we demand congress to take action on this administrations attack on our freedoms and constitution !
moran for president !
while we cheered as countries such as liba and egypt fought to express thier dissatisfaction with the govt .
so darn true ! !
disliked mccain when he ran for president and disliking him more and more wish he would retire and enjoy his pension he &apos;s voted for himself all these decades .
already the obama administration has been targeting anti-abortion groups , constitution , and gun groups claiming their potential &quot; subversive &quot; activists with powers the patriot act gave them .
tom , it is quite simple and here are 10 steps we can take to turn this once great nation around ... step one : deport the illegals .
i &apos;m a conservative republican but i am really impressed with the way obama has turned the economy around .
vote hillary and rid us of boehner mcconnell mccain ryan and co
file those criminal charges yourself !
no monies would be sent to help other countries till ours is out of debt .
most americans want congress to reform the tax code and sign the jobs bill .
i think our leaders have turned evil and against god
joe butler really bummed we didn &apos;t get a chance to elect rubio .
the president has no legislative authority at all ..
i do believe mr. higgins will win this .
he used his position of authority over young boys to molest them , and was later convicted to money laundering offenses related to his crime .
i asked tammie wilson to consider stepping into your position when the time comes .
these families have small childre.n what is so hard about voting to &quot; pay our troops &quot; ? are the kansas moms going to have to have to give members of congress a piece of our minds .
is everyone still drinking the free whiskey ! ! ! ! ! !
help us get rid of the evil people that we have sent to washington , by impeachment or resigning .
devos is not the person for this job .
potus isn &apos;t interested in policies that work for america , he has his own agenda to become emporer .
even the moderators were trying to get in the debate .
you know , conservative .
i would have ... ended up walking with thune supporters !
ryan is so safe ; hates trump ... thinking of career ...
oh , that &apos;s right ... he won &apos;t permit us to secure our borders .
if you do away with obama care , you will be doing it again because people like me could not get health insurance because of my poor health .
i know that in obamacare there are exemptions and subsidies for a select few .
it &apos;s so refreshing to hear this from you senator paul , god bless you and be with you in all your affairs .
no promise of &quot; we &apos;ll get to it next &quot; , or else it will be 1986 all over again .
wish rep. palazzo could see the dangers instead of following ted cruz .
cut the military spending ! !
i would like to hear what he wants to do to strengthen our nations military instead of tearing it down , firing all the people who know what they are doing and hiring muslims in their place .
he is in default in honoring his oath of office ... god help us ...
and if this is not your year , you and us will se this country implode and will be there to rebuild under the mantle of reagan .
question : when did the feds fully take over our american government and turn it into a federal government ?
trey gowdy , it &apos;s difficult for any american to believe in this justice system after watching hillary clinton get away with what she has .
amen , senator paul .
the only person who was about to shut down the dhs was barack hussein obama , the petulant , narcissistic , arrogant impostor in the white house who wants to legalize millions of illegals , giving them great financial benefits for their illegal acts while having to raise the debt limit again .
yes , we must keep praying for our brave boys overseas and their families ..
when we had schools catching on fire we instituted fire drills , fire alarms , axes , hoses , fire extinguishers , sprinkler systems and made it a part of the school routine .
come on mr. mccain -stand with cruz -don &apos;t go against the american people -help save us from this train wreck .
the market is registering it &apos;s vote on the socialists win on raising the debt ceiling , the dollar will be registering it &apos;s vote soon .
no ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
we very much need option b !
senator mccain , you are the one our country needed inside the white house .
because your president is a muslim himself vern
you have already lost my vote in the next election .
i supported mr king all throughout the huge immigration bill fight .
i want my i stand with rand button !
i will bring what the constitution tells me to rid you of your place in govrenment .
their have been many family farms lost because they had to be sold to pay the death tax .
repeal the whole thing !
if you don &apos;t stand with rand on this , you are not a true conservative .
bill clinton and the word impeach don &apos;t ring a bell ?
mr. graham , you are worthless .
thanks , mia .
give cuba an inch and they &apos;ll start thinking they can launch rockets at us again .
if they can nominate him , i will try to get those in the third party i am in to vote for him .
he also was with john mccain and stood behind obama for going to syria .
no we need to start thinking about a new government .
stop sending our money overseas .
i hope your fellow senators shun you and john mccain for your irresponsible comments .
i ask you to not be afraid to stand up for the people of ga. do not vote for this tax bill without reading it and spending cuts be included not somewhere down the road , that never materializes .
please mr. gowdy please help .
ms devos would not be qualified to apply for a job as a high school principal .
patrick when have they let fact get in the way ?
you just addressed nothing mike .
sorry for your loss congresman young i am praying for both of you
proud for you ... and south carolina .
joni , why did you vote for boehner today ?
whether that pos gets thrown out or not , it will force him to scrap some of his law skirting , socialist agenda to preserve his position ! ! !
when we built this great country and raised a large middle class from the 50 &apos;s to the 79 , tax rates on incomes over 1.5m were at 80 % until reagan .
may god give you wisdom !
john , keep up the good work - we are with you and we are praying !
i voted for rokita , and am ashamed that he helped put boehner back in the speaker position .
the 14th amendment just so you know , is part of the constitution !
signed god !
doing something that does not benefit americans and only screws them over is considered being a traitor to your country .
god bless you for all you have done for our nation !
the reason that i gave money to your campaign and supported you was because i wanted someone in washington that would look at the spending problems .
3 ) debt &quot; increase the national debt to an unsustainable level . &quot;
congratulations from lubbock texas
impeach obamma bin laden !
so &quot; man up &quot; and freak &apos;n do something about it ! ! ! !
voting down in tucson for gabby &apos;s replacement tomorrow .
i haven &apos;t searched voting records , but i &apos;m quite confident that the emasculation of our military and the &apos; no-gun zone &apos; mentality does not come from conservatives like sam graves .
although our constitution say ..... you know
thanks mr kinzinger , jerry and other veterans are really upset over this situation and it seems like no one cares , someone has to start being accountable before more die from someone &apos;s incompetence
a little too late to mention trump by name paul ryan .
he has committed impeachable things ( that is plural ) already but congress has not done anything about it .
i am postponing my departure from the republican party so i can vote for marco rubio in the 2010 primary .
other than prayer for god tomove on that place what can we do to get them to stop the aid to other countries that hate us .
you should know about useless spending .
despicable ! ... you never cease to amaze me mr. scott .
we have the majority in the congress and senate and it &apos;s time to use those votes to put this moron in check ! !
the other thing that needs to be done is to eliminate any and all bonuses for government employees .
u have always been an enemy of freedom , and i hope the people in ur state wake up and get u out of office asap .
the repubs in the house passed a house budget but harry reid would not let the senate consider it .
folks , he &apos;s a socialist , and a socialist doesn &apos;t have any regard for our governmental system .
lindsey graham , i do not appose immigration .
they are working so hard to cut any aid to those babies they can .
you are one of the only true conservatives in public office .
the constitution is for americans .
anyone obama appoints to anything has no truth in him and wouldn &apos;t know the truth if he was whacked over the head .
james , what would be the homework of a ruler in israel , right now ?
you all have enough to impeach three presidents ! ! !
please listen to the people you represent and vote no , senator lamar alexander !
how many spending cuts have we made in the 112th congress ?
this is just getting out of hand .... now the head of the doj pleads the 5th ..... fbi investigating clinton again .... what the hell are you all doing up there .... you should call for her to resign ... mr ryan , somebody better start cleaning up this mess .
getting a little irritated here rand .
i agree tom .
no money for you , you need a pink slip
why do we pay this guy to play video poker on his iphone during senate hearings ? ? ?
i feel very strongly that we the people as a majority are afraid of this lawlessness .
how about leading the fight to get rid of the epa period
obamacare can kiss my derriere !
and you have plenty of support to bring impeachment proceedings against obama
can i get cuban cigars now ?
god bless and with god &apos;s speed stop this !
welcome to our wonderful wacko bird club !
what did you expect from an administration that ignores the constitution ?
mr gowdy you are a man i deeply respect for what you stand for !
enough is enough … &apos; gang of 8 ′ members jeff flake &amp; john mccain face recall petitions - http : / / www.thegatewaypundit.com / 2013 / 06 / it-begins-gang-of-8-members-jeff-flake-john-mccain-face-recall-petitions-for-supporting-amnesty / &#91; &#91; share &#93; &#93;
south carolina is so blessed to have mr. gowdy !
thanks for fighting this nonsense , marsha .
rather he has called for another vote to defund obamacare which is just a smoke screen as it will fail yet again .
blessings to the gowdy family from our american family !
of course this will not happen because your only conservative about certain things .
you have made an oath to uphold the constitution and the american people are depending on you to do so .
if this passes we the people will be stuck with a bunch of criminals , when they stepped their toes into american soil , that mr. flake is a crime in itself .
the whole republican party again has been outsmarted by a man with kenyan ancestry .
it &apos;s so out of control the military should be attacking washington dc to defend our freedoms ...
some moved to utah and idaho !
how can you think that someone with zero experience with public schools could be qualified to be the head of our department of education ?
maybe time be a republic again , president poe has a nice ring to it .
his wish and promise to his grandfather ( now deceased ) was that if he could ever get back into cuba without the threat of prison or worse that he would kill castro .
i know kaylyn personally and it is the people like her that keep us hopeful that something honest can be done in kansas .
has anyone in this administration read the bill yet ?
obamacare is a massive fraudulent scheme , to get re-elected &amp; grab power .
i , for one , am sick of imperial bureaucracies , irs too ,
you go rand ..... we americans are so proud of you ... you wacko bird : )
i am disappointed in your vote as well , she is unqualified for this position .
i am sure obummer loves you for screwing your voters
in the cesspool call washington d.c. it is good to see a statesman who looks out for what is right , regardless of the consequences .
mr mccain , you &amp; graham are treasonous traitors.where were you when mr obama put a 6 month hold on immigrants from iraq .
marsha blackburn , please step down from office .
mr. renacci you and your fellow republicans have made your point -- you don &apos;t like the aca ( i guess because it wasn &apos;t your legislation ) and have been willing to lie your butts off to get the electorate to not like or want it .
friends this obamacare tax will have us depending fully on the fed gov for all our needs .
and jennifer , i am praying for obama ... i am praying that god will turn that man &apos;s heart toward godliness and if that doesn &apos;t happen , for god to remove him ( obama ) from office .
vern , get behind the fair tax and we can put all those criminals out of business and shut the damn place down .
ronald reagan then george bush !
its time to put a stop to all of it right now and a weak military is a disaster .
rubio for president
but , it &apos;s like getting rid of the irs as that will never happen .
mr. burr you took an oath to defend the constitution but you failed to do so .
and his so called plan is more spending !
i have no idea what graham was thinking .
jeb should have been booted .
isn &apos;t that supposed to be the conservative way ?
keep up the good work and we &apos;ll keep up the prayers .
god knows how .
prayers for you mia !
well written tom mcclintock .
he said you gotta pay the bills you already racked up , he should have said the bills his has racked up after all he is the doing the spending .
do what you think you can to stop the spending nonsense .
wonder if his lips hurt from kissing barry hussein &apos;s butt so much ?
speaking of carelessness , please keep your rnc issued amex card out of your personal wallet .
let &apos;s enforce the immigration laws we already have on the books .......
i do not agree with you on john boehner , we needed some one to stand for the people not start caving and compromising at the least resistance form the left .
inflation is kicking end - whether you feel it or not everyone else in georgia does - and it is the fault of politicians like yourself .
johnson and clinton were tried , but the impeachment failed .
also most everything in obamacare were republican ideas .
why are you not interviewing obama ?
betsy devos has zero interest in educating the children of the us .
while the deal took default off the table , the agreement &quot; falls short of the amount that we believe is necessary to stabilize the general government debt burden by the middle of the decade . &quot;
he is arrogantly betting on voters being uniformed and complacent .
people fired for irs , nsa , benghazi and fast and furious .
good job selling out your country , kev !
defund is best , but it wouldn &apos;t pass the senate .
repeal of obamacare , but this would be admitting that the president is a failure along with his policy .
congressman issa , i just recently moved from san diego to shell wyoming to get away from the california death to small business machine .
praying also
repeal the obama health care act , its bad news from the get-go .
repeal the 16th amendment , shut down the irs , and implement the fair tax .
brett defund nsa !
this is already in operation thru kansas .
tim scott , 102 shares in an hour .
your blind loyalty to the republican party without listening to your constituents and making the right choice is disgusting .
and is in the pocket of obummer
as with obama , we just have to hold our nose and drink the bitter poison ....
good luck and may god bless you !
what difference does it make if it &apos;s new , or old spending , you are still spending other peoples money .
impeach and fire the rest of those creeps !
no guts no glory !
you are right ted yoho !
you guys will even compromise your basic principles to get elected .
&apos; we the voters &apos; put y &apos;all in the majority in the house and senate in 2014 and you have &apos; deserted &apos; us on tpp , iran , our country , our rights !
we understand how it works , and you did not stand for the people in tn .
love rand , hate he stuck with the elephant in the room
love trey gowdy and was disappointed we could not get him as speaker of the house.he would have made a huge difference .
rand do something about guantanamo c &apos;mon already !
rubio was at 21 or 22 % on all of our polls between january and march but his support has now dropped to half that level ( 10 % ) . &quot;
god forbid we get a 3rd term of barack obama and experience another 87 straight months of economic growth .
thanks for voting to take money away from our military and military retirees .
even the inspector general for the u.s. treasury department , who was interviewed for the report , said he &apos;s warned the irs about this for years .
they obviously have already made up their minds and would rather play poker on their phone then care about what the people think .
my dad is a pearl harbor survivor and vividly remembers the friends he lost that day .
they humiliate us in front of our allies and build up our enemies .
why dosent congress impeach him for treason ?
mid term tom !
a true patriot who loves his country and our constitution .
congratulations rep. lankford !
its absolutely certain senator mccain i will never vote for you again , you have shown your true colors as a liberal in many ways and confirmed it by backing romney .
teachers and parents across nc do not want devos making any decisions that involve our children &apos;s education .
why did we work so hard to oust boehner , when representatives , like you , ignore the will of the people and elect paul ryan as the new speaker ?
my question when has he ever put anything re our country first .
maine needs bruce poliquin ! ! ! !
like the 2000 + pages of obama care .....
obama will get reelected in 2012 ... these are some of the consequences of the gop not being able to find a compromise and raise the deb ceiling .
stick to your guns and don &apos;t compromise your principles you are doing the job we elected you to do .
says defunding is impossible , i called and told him to pull his head out of his butt ... i might have been a little harsh .
you must not be up for vote if you don &apos;t cruz with a ted
i imagine u and the rest of congress have no idea what his plan is but seems pretty obvious to the rest of the america loving world
the president will fix that one with his veto .
common core and budget
if you do not act everyone will receive a tax increase on top of the 2 % payroll tax increase we are already receiving .
and anyone who is a friend of the castro brothers is my enemy .
scott , the individual mandate covers about 10 % of the country .
sounds more like ya &apos;ll are trying to surround it with a protective barrier so you can slither and cavort in greater comfort .
if you vote for betsy devos i guarantee you that i will not vote for you come reelection .
i cannot afford the worthless bronze plan , so i get punished with a fine that gives me absolutely zero coverage .
because fox tells the truth ?
and seriously , why did you guys not listen to the voters telling you to pass on ryan for speaker ?
then impeach obama
my question is why do we continue to allow that man to sit in the white house and embarrass our great nation ? !
mia - i would have voted for you if i could , but i donated to your cause .
we need to eliminate leadership from behind despite media &apos;s liberal bias .
arizonans are wanting a true conservative to rep our state !
mr. palazzo , the old adage in interviewing is listen to the music , but watch the dance .
no compromise on reducing debt and deficit .
don &apos;t talk do something about it .
good for you sir keep it up
ryan , the real thing i want to hear are answers to questions , not political bs stepping around the answer .
can &apos;t be picking winners and losers ... pass a clean cr and stop the bs !
mr. obama is trying to do an executive coup and congress needs to defend their power jealously .
popular vote versus the electorial college : even though this thread is on an oklahoma senator &apos;s page , maybe the school system in oklahoma really is in trouble .
i &apos;d certainly like -and appreciate- the speaker to present any future spending bills item by item .
i was gonna chime in on lankford needs to be voted out .
senator mccain we need more republicans willing to stand up for america and do the right thing .
background checks goes against our constitutional right , even though now lindsay graham feels we need them as well .
keep up the good work mia love .
the new conservative party may lose early on , but it would be better to lose as a real party than with all the establishment wishy washy republicans that are currently in office .
praying for family .... god bless so sorry ......
james , did they all need to be opposed ?
australia passed a bill that stopped the illegals from coming in there country it says if you came here illegally you can never become a citizen ! !
unfortunately jeanette , harry reid wouldn &apos;t even let us vote on it today .
why is obama allowed to spend taxpayer money to fly america &apos;s air force one around campaigning for clinton ! ?
please quit wasting our time with you running for president .
we haven &apos;t been living under the us constitution for a long long time .
the irony in mccain playing poker is that he can raise his hand but not his arms ... www.filterfreeamerika.com
and don &apos;t even think about taking another hostage with the debt ceiling .
mark sanford is terrible .
they have been more useful to obama than harry reid ever was
no it didn &apos;t , well then obviously a stand down was issued
the last amnesty only caused more illegal immigration .
mr. barrasso i see you are talking about obamacare but we don &apos;t know where you stand .
oh paul , you sold your soul .
and today sir , you did not !
ignore them completely and just get about the business of repealing obamacare , rounding up all the illegal immigrants ( and deporting them ) , build a wall 50 feet tall on our southern border .
we wouldn &apos;t need to show military force period if obama would have built the nuclear shield in poland like bush pushed for .
one path can rebuild the republican party .
i am very disappointed in how weak the republican party has become .
are conservatives now the majority or not !
go get &apos;em , rand !
yes he has risen happy easter.god bless you trey
i don &apos;t know if you have viewed the movie &quot; 2016 obama &apos;s america &quot; but i feel that all congressmen and senators should watch it .
rand will always be my first pick for president .
thanksmr mc cain have a blessed easter sunday and passover ! ! ! !
god bless you and your family and america and continue to stand strong for america : )
i think mccain is a under cover liberal / democrat
would that not be a high crime and an impeachable offense ?
senator , don &apos;t try to play the conservative guy now .
blackburn needs to get out , she &apos;s the phoniest southern woman i &apos;ve ever seen
she embarrasses tn every time she opens her mouth !
well , what about his position on illegals and amnesty ?
an answer to our prayers !
stand up to him and force him to stop these unjust executive orders .
we are counting on true conservatives like you to insist .
does the congressman have a plan , or is this just another way to bash the president ?
the debt ceiling has nothing to do with spending cuts .
neither party in ks wants devos except the extremists and they do not understand how this would devastate ks &apos;s public education .
unfortunately , obama is not a leader ...
no one will want to pay rate increases caused by the epa .
republicans control the house and senate and you still caved .
as long as they play by the democrat rules there will never be a republican president again .
senator graham i don &apos;t know if you read these posts .
i guess your right , mr .
rinos and democrats see the constitution as a roadblock to their agenda .
it is always a bit humorous hearing repubs talk about runway spending after the years they had control during the bush years , not to mention the massive record fiscal deficits by reagan &amp; bush .
truly a rino !
i am a conservative but you haven &apos;t exactly supported us either .
each time we cave and they win we become less and less what an embarrassment ! !
scott desjarlais then hopefully you can see that donald trump is not a conservative , not a republican .
well put rand paul
jerry went from rational to off the edge of the rightwing nut plank of the koch bros llc .
no ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i agree with danielle .. have you lost your mind ?
nothing , because i would place no confidence in anything he says .
all of you crooks in washington need to vote no on this bill !
coming against our constitution is an impeachable offense .
yep , manning gave away military operations that he knew would fall into the hands of the enemy .
obama is getting ridiculous , and dangerous .
mr. inhofe i am from southwest oklahoma !
do not approve any funds for taking care of the illegals .
depends on johnny football !
second highest population of veterans in the country at 24 % .. now to refresh everyone this is a democrat that is clue less about what mrs blackburn is representing .read whats shes doing before you run your trap on her page .
rino traitor ! !
may her rip and i thank her for giving trey gowdy to the american people .
tennessee gets back about $ 15b a year more in federal funds than you pay in taxes .
they already fear obamacare and the corruption they have concocted will be repealed .
what do you care about the people of sc you just voted to stab americans in the back on obama trade hope you feel good for selling you vote for 300,000 boy you a cheap date hope you gave the speaker a kiss
oh right , conservatives need their daily dose of oil with their republican oatbran .
more revenue for a president and out of control spending .
obama is just a clone of bush .
senator mccain we expect you to aid in stopping this madman that most republicans are just cowering from ! ! !
proud of you sen. rand .
no american should be forced into socialized medicine .
traditional &amp; respectable morals and values ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
mike , i have been one of your most fervent supporters , but allowing speaker boehner and senator mitch mcconnell to continue their enability to get anything done is not acceptable !
his impending impeachment !
we can follow the constitution and still have success .
the united states has the constitution and i love the constitution .
gooo mccain
i support a consumption flat tax .
enact the fair tax , 5 % import tax on all goods that goes directly to the national debt , lay off 50 % federal employees &amp; shut down 50 % of federal departments , end welfare ( corporate &amp; individual ) .
no more debt increases or it will kill every small business owner in america .
mr burr you should resign immediately !
senator , you know you could reach more americans on tv if you went on the cartoon network instead of cnn .
a small business will find it harder to survive as the government wastes more of the money it already has , raises taxes again , and cries &quot; we &apos;re broke &quot; !
a minimum of several hundred people working inside congress and the senate are targeted by this and are on hold to be arrested unless they cease and desist : and agree to prosecute obama .
no ryan , ss was a pyramid scheme from the beginning .
just remember to be a true republican
or maybe they are just afraid we will find out it is not owned by the government .
a year and a half ago when i filed for unemployment sc was at 11 percent so when numbers go down that means its gettin worse ?
or you could take up the already passed senate bill and let it pass with bipartisan votes - that &apos;s the only bill that can become law right now anyway .
this is why i left the republican party .
holder is blocking every ruling which includes their gang of thieves .
he will do anything he wants .
cuz the differences between proper &amp; improper treaty &amp; that the treaty isn &apos;t made under us authority ?
he lists in his book other actions obama already has initiated by executive order .
immigration and obama care
james i hope you can talk some common sense into our leaders in washington .
your support means you have lost my vote when / if you run again .
start by defunding obamacare , than defund the obama vacation plan &amp; credit cards , next lets look at the waste from the hill &amp; waste on govt contracts given for political reasons , i.e.
you sir are a complete disappointment .
i do believe you are hinting at the government
rand paul strikes me as the quintessential , on-target constitutionalist with whom i can agree most of the time .
mrs. devos has repeatedly shown that she is unqualified to hold this position .
actually congress did not have to consider the lefts position , the senate republicans would not unite .
that flag did not have nothing to do with that killing .
if obama completes this absurd bill on immigration on his own congress needs to put a halt to funds for illegal immigrants what ever program it is !
our government was set up with the idea that government served the people .
i am sick and tired of rand paul &apos;s comments ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
don &apos;t vote for boehner
quit spending mine !
202-224-3121 ... kelly ayotte ( n.h. ) richard burr ( n.c. ) saxby chambliss ( ga . ) tom coburn ( okla . ) susan collins ( maine ) bob corker ( tenn . ) jeff flake ( ariz . ) lindsey graham ( s.c. ) dean heller ( nev . ) john hoeven ( n.d. ) johnny isakson ( ga . ) mark kirk ( ill . ) , john mccain ( ariz . ) pat toomey ( pa . ) roger wicker ( miss . )
obama and his ilk will be blamed for our downfall , but make no mistake about it you and your fellow congress minions will be blamed for not stopping him !
god bless you mia and a wonderful statement .
obama will be impeached very very soon over this
i can &apos;t wait until rand paul runs in 2016 ....
speaks loud for paul for aclu to be against , go rand .
also why is the government buying more ammo than ever before in history ~ is this why our 2nd amendment rights are being taken away ~ god help us ! ! ! !
when did mcclintock earn his constitutional law degree ?
he says first 17 days were worst , but god gave them hope and reconciled the differences .
he is a citizen and deserves every protection under the constitution .
we do not need to get involved , our country can &apos;t take another war .
he doesn &apos;t care about the spending problem .
resignation
obama and holder should be in prison
i love mia love .
thanks senator lindsey graham
marco , quite trolling and carrying on halversons uninformed dirty politics
if so they should b .
by the way of tax payers monies , then start with our true allies first , and be up front and openly honest to the american taxpayers !
mcconnel you do not own the republican party ... we do , the people ... i am a republican and we will destroy the party should you undermine the voting process ... time will remove you sir .
oh , and kill obamacare .
keep up the good fight rand !
repeal the 16th and 17th while you are at it !
god bless you and your family ......
we need leaders that listen to the constituents ....... not the party leaders ( that only gave us mccain romney sending conservatives from voting ) karl rove types need to be replaced with americans ... and defunding the gop until they stop acting like democrats ..
you didn &apos;t disappoint anyone sir !
we need more people like mia love .
you can only buy so much in any given time span and your information is scanned and sent to the government - any big purchases send a red flag but you &apos;ve already said that wouldn &apos;t work for you , because you want to shoot every day .
i would like to have rubio as vice president
go rand we cheering you on in mi .
everytime we turn around , we are being slapped with tax after tax after tax .
i have always had great respect for you sen. rand , as well as your father .
but , i am even more saddened by the fact that congress has completely and utterly failed the people by not putting the calif , ali ben obooboo in prison ! ! !
frankly , i &apos;m 100 % convinced we &apos;d be arguing the same thing if rand paul &apos;s endorsed candidate had won .
proud that your from my state of sc .
standing in prayer for you ; god &apos;s blessings .
trey gowdy is one honorable man .
apparently you have no issue with obamacare
i am your constituent from eastern north carolina .
mr. lankford , no disrespect intended , but the word &quot; terrorism &quot; is thrown in there to play with our emotions .
that is not what an american president is supposed to do , but he does not care what the american people want as long as he gets his way .
that is the truth
and listening to investigators explain the case does not at all detract from the effort to raise the debt ceiling .
get that lying lynch &amp; her little dog obama too ! !
people who refuse to support our nominee are destroying the republican party .
during watergate several republicans honestly investigated , concluded and then called for the resignation of president nixon .
trey - i doubt you do anything about it .
can we impeach him ?
you have sold our children down the river .
megyn kelly asked for it , lindsey .
you are an example of an american patriot .
step up and stop them , break with your rino mentor , senator graham , who came out saying we need to &quot; double funding for the refugees &quot; .
also don &apos;t get rid of the epa .
rand paul must have had more people attending the c pack .
day late and a dollar short paul ryan
we need to get rid of it now !
yes i agree and if mr trump runs on a third party ticket then the party system must be replaced !
america has said they do not want it so why are they not doing it ?
marsha , you , as well as that idiot ceo that had nothing to do with building the house that is gibson , are doing nothing to help gibson as an american institution .
having done all to stand , stand therefore !
i love you , mia love and i agree 2000 % .
while your soliloquy here was certainly well written it is falling flat on the ears of the constituents you have actively and overtly chosen to betray .
you need to push to defund all of it , we the people do not want any of it !
this ban is unconstitutional , seditious , and grounds for impeachment !
how easy it is to criticise and how difficult to it is to represent ... why dont most of the idiots posting nonsense try actually getting off facebook and standing for something they believe in ... as senator mccain has !
you are wrong , tom .
senate majority leader mitch mcconnell has announced there will be another vote on the legislation next week .
the borders in mccain &apos;s state are opened , and he &apos;s left a sheriff and it &apos;s governor in a lonesome fight .
the convention will not miss you lindsey .
for all of james comey &apos;s moralizing over secretary clinton &apos;s email habits , he concluded that &quot; no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case &quot; as speaker ryan spouts here .
we replaced one rhino with another one .
in 1987 , the reagan administration announced blanket deferral of deportation for children left out of the 1986 congressional amnesty bill .
if you truly believe in conservative values you will stand with ted cruz .
your father doesnt play the game , he does whats right , not whats popular .
merry christmas senator mccain !
where were you when cruz was running ? ? ?
he just took the card out of obamas hand .
oboma does not care about americans or this country ! ! !
you are an evil man and a traitor to this country and our u.s. military !
why did you vote for this spending bill ! ! ! ! !
our family is def ted cruz fans .. he is the best man for the job .. i also like rubio and christie ... we will back whoever wins the nomination ..
from missing emails , to irs wrong doing allegations and now finally these benghazi hearings.my question is this .
conservatives think that the free market works and that small business owners worked hard and built their business themselves .
rand has to play the game .
rand paul is the man ! !
if they don &apos;t , do you and your fellow conservative congressmen have any legal options to elevate this ?
i &apos;ve listened and watched mrs. devos and i think she will do an outstanding job .
why cant they fire or arrest obama now
stand strong on the cuts and demand more cuts for the cr .
it seems to me that a complete government overhaul is where our country is headed .
needs to pray along with america .
option
love and praying for you and your family .
the tax code does need to be fixed and let &apos;s concentrate on that .
it &apos;s time for our congress to do what they were voted in to do , support our americans and stop what one person and his camp are doing to destroy us .
obama thinks they will go to the time out chair and stay .. what an idiot ..
this pos needs tried for treason and hung as a trator
the truth is that you , who want to fund obamacare if the congressional exemption is removed , are not serious about living under the same program !
obama is a collectivist who told us he was going to fundamentally &quot; change &quot; america - he kept his promise .
ps , plz change your profile pic to rand just for today .
and americans are still saddled with obamacare .
please tell the people of oklahoma to vote for trump .................
i &apos;m a proud ky republican !
go get &apos; em , tim !
http : / / www.huffingtonpost.com / 2008 / 07 / 28 / bush-leaving-next-preside _ n _ 115335.html an article that grossly underestimated the bush debt .
~ ronald reagan -- &quot; politicians are like diapers .
do what you were elected to do , , , , , we have had enough of obummer
end the laughable sequestration that only hurts our active &amp; retired military !
with the executive action we witnessed a unilateral action to overwrite the law which states illegals are not allowed to work in the united states .
jamie , you are on the right course don &apos;t alter it just to please other weak republicans who don &apos;t have the guts to stand up for the principals that made this country a great nation of the people by the people and for the people .
what about securing our borders mr. mccain ?
robert hayes wrote : &quot; ans ( 2 ) .
tom you should talk to your blm surveyors .
you don &apos;t poll south carolinians on important decisions ! !
this administration is corrupt , inept , and not held accountable .
you are now to soft for the office you hold sir , do us a favor and retire ! !
sorry it didn &apos;t work out for your buddy , but i think tillis is a better fit for our system here .
take a page out of this ryan !
lets fix this problem and impeach obama .
why is the tea party working on something the president will veto ?
i am standing with marco rubio because i believe in him and he has shown he can be a leader and not a follower .
senator rubio , with respect , i urge you and your party to focus on increasing revenue to the us treasure to pay off debt before you consider anything else .
obamacare is the republican plan .
johnny , you should have been fighting this all along instead of leaving ted cruz to fight alone on the senate floor .
taxpayers want to see some action to balance the budget .
our main stream news publishing an opinion piece is a 5th amendment right .
praying for these families
now if we can get that other rhino mitch mcconnell to resign .
even if the whole thing is repealed ( i predict it will not be ) , there is no going back .
i stiil havent heard why or how the debt is hurting any of you .
anyone who agrees with obama on anything is a chump , always disliked christy no self control .
i do not agree with lindsey often , but his is one thing i really liked .
he at least has the guts to put it out there !
he signed a law presented to him by the republican controlled house only because he needed to fund the military .
you sir are no leader if you do this .
sir can u impeach obama
hatch , i hope you take the high way instead of the low way , the hurting american people and our president needs your support .
you kick ass johnny !
this is where many liberals get it wrong the constitution is not living and breathing documant , but is &quot; enduring &quot; , it needs to stay unless ammended .
and you mr. goodlatte , with your continued push of amnesty and refusal to enforce our present immigration laws are part of the problem and obviously in the pockets of the lobbyists who wish to drive down wages in our country !
mr. gowdy , maybe you should ask gov haley why is she allowing unvetted foriegners into our state .
all they can now is talk bad about him and cut him down .
get 3 together at a time and let them debate and give them real questions .
i am praying for america &apos;s sheriff to be voted in to protect america &apos;s borders from terrorists .
praying for you and all our leaders daily .
barry is not up to the leadership task &amp; maybe he should hide or resign .
i hope selling out american school children keeps you up at night .
ga needs to find an american to run against you in the primary .
yes congressman steven palazzo
so i guess no matter what kind of crap this fool in office tries to ram down the throats of the american people , people like you will cave in and give him what he wants .
i voted for you to have this seat and i will happily vote against you when the time comes because you could not be bothered to listen to your constituents .
please reconsider and vote no on cloture , senator .
do something tim scott !
obama than it can be done by executive order ... are you as tired as i am of seeing your rights slowly eroded ? ? ?
hats off to america &apos;s friend and statesman , trey gowdy !
impeachment solves nothing .
we have the fbi that could use their budget .
sen. mccain you , ignorant bigot , get out of office .
elderly dictator castro who still runs his grandfathers country .
i did not read as long as obama is not mentioned i am sure we are okfor a short time it is president obama .
that &apos;s great rand , but quit with the bs .... try to be like your dad and stop not only foreign funding , also stop the crazy insane defense spending ... be a true fiscal conservative , not a paid asswipe whose stances change in the wind like a stinky shart !
you represent roseville yet you act like another dc big government republican .
now is the time to impeach him .
let &apos;s pray that the federal reserve gets shut down .
you look good asking the questions and getting real answers but no one goes to jail !
if you did sen. graham might do same since he follows whatever you do .
sc should be proud .
thanks , tim , keep us informed .
congrat &apos;s to you rand !
darrell when i reached the limit on my card i cannot spend any more money nor take on any more debt .
susan , we might survive obama , but our freedoms will be gone .
obama said he would veto this bill and he did .
mr. gowdy please keep benghazi out there .. our liar , thug in chief needs to be held accountable for these murders .. god bless you
lee would have been killed easy to prep for lee .
then let them own it just the way it was voted on .
do you republican law makers have no backbone ?
we vote for you to defend the constitution for us .
this is too little and too late
the vast majority of people who fought under this flag didn &apos;t own slaves and weren &apos;t fighting to preserve the slavery that was established as a national institution under the us flag .
rubio is stricter because his descendants were most likely persecuted in cuba .
the republicans have bailed out on the country ............. they fear obama , and the media .
the sequestration is but a drop in the bucket ....... it is a good start ... we need cuts not tax increases .. we just had a tax increase
we need a dozen trey gowdys .
mr. mccain , you are the reason i &apos;m no longer a republican .
going to church does not make you a christian ... but standing up for what is the right thing to do takes a lot of courage .
the house can vote to repeal it all they want .
the pope is for &quot; sustainable agenda 2030 , &quot; the revised and renewed pledge to agenda 21. it is all about empowering the un .
i have been impressed with mia love since her 1st run
so , you , mr scott , you can quote anyone you like that means nothing when you are a koch brothers beholden step-and-fetchit for the transparent governor .
i don &apos;t look at it that way , if this was a republican conservative , allen west or ted cruz or herman caine or mike lee there would be impeachment charges brought on for the ways he has broken or bypassed the law .
you even snickered and laughed about defunding obamacare - you never really planned on it , you just made the &apos; show vote &apos; .
&quot; we &apos;re not going to be disrespected , &quot; conservative rep. marlin stutzman , r-ind . , added .
common sense would be to tell your constituents that the government needs to raise revenue , your vote on the fiscal cliff deal meant nothing .
agencies , the irs is the biggest example of why not , if they us the no fly list it will be the end of the 2nd amendment .
there is no tax that is overdue , there are only tax cuts that are overdue .
no wonder we are in the shape we are , every one on the give away program does not pay any tax .
8 years ron 8 years rand and our nation will be great again !
stick to cut , cap and balance .
voting thom tillis !
those articles of impeachment !
no the house has the power of the purse and must educate the people that the president doesnt have that power , if its explained then people will get it .
enjoy the blood money , traitor .
because they are more than likely small public universities that just want tax dollars
mr. poe you pulled a john cornyn .
secure the borders .
perhaps rubio is wrong , but right now , i would welcome that moat .
someone needs to remove this president &amp; charge him with treason .
meanwhile ... we would appreciate any elected official who supports the un small arms treaty is committing treason and will suffer the consequences of their treasonous action .
government spending and the deficit both broke new ground under reagan !
potus is doing what he said he would .
thanks so much for the way that you represent south carolina and stand up for the right !
what is the proper term for those who are determined to get their way by threatening to otherwise close our government or default on our nation &apos;s debts ?
hannity is of no value .
boehner needs to go as speaker .
if there isn &apos;t corresponding compromise from the other party then what you are saying mr. lankford should do is simply throw up his hands in defeat and allow the other side to have everything their way simply for the sake of being able to say &quot; i did everything i could &quot; !
the sooner his fraudulent second term is over , the sooner the american people can begin to go about the business of repairing the extensive damage caused by his &quot; fundamental transformation &quot; of america .
we have an immigration system and it is not broken .
please tell me , senator , why you voted to give aid and arms to our enemies , the muslim brotherhood in egypt ?
you , paul ryan are a closet democrat rino ! ! !
no , , , , , i would rather watch reruns of cartoons than watch that lying idiot !
i got my vote for rand on the car
then you will have the &quot; banana republic &quot; that obama really wants .
our country needs to cut spending but we can &apos;t not pay bills we have already charged .
back to the issues .... ty sen mccain .
i pray you get voted out of office jerk ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
it is obama and his regressive socialist policies and liberal agenda that are the biggest problem .
write in rubio !
go get em bob .
this nov. the american public will stop this stupidness from the right by sending them home .
even obummer stopped them from coming in for a little while but you never heard the dummycrats complain , they &apos;re just big crybabies and try to find fault where there is none .
that way obama will make sure they get housing , healthcare and cash .
mccain is a coward .
i also pray that the people of north carolina stand up and vote you out of office .
i like you jonny but we both know georgia doesnt need nathan deal as governor .
you have ruined and embarrassed yourself mccain .
if amnesty beomes a unilateral move , will it matter who supports what ?
please don &apos;t let them in south dakota either ! !
exactly , steven carp , congress needs to quit yapping and do something .
yes the truth hurts but how long before obma has rand taken out
kept the existing conditions part ( as dan stated , read people ) and opened up insurance companies nationwide for people who don &apos;t care for obamacare .
rand wants to get rid of government and give all the power to corporations .
c yall are destoying america by creating a socialistic welfare society
we will take our country back from this muslim dictator ..... watch and see .
congressmen coffman , i am happy to see that you have backed off some and will be waiting for more information before you decide which way to vote on declaring war on syria .
keep gitmo , where else are you going to put the terrorist ?
and what about sgt bo bergdahl ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
i think this administration forgot israel is an ally .
actually , johnny , i voted for you , and i stand behind your decision .
then do something about it mr. mccain .
i would have read this letter in it &apos;s entirety , had senator sasse not acted as if he isn &apos;t .
beautiful calhoun st in lovely charleston .
after you repeal it the 41st time , punch them in the face for oklahoma .
killary paid comey off ! !
i have to agree 100 % with my husband repeal it and fast !
has the same authority that reagan and bush sr did when they did it .
did mia win ?
i personally think you are wasting your time trying to get this administration to do anything .
obama is not eligible to be president .
he has ruined our country and no one is doing their job or he would already be impeached .
our flag is a symbol of freedom ; yes even now under stress we still have the freedom to persue our dreams .
obama is taking grazing land from ranchers , water from farmers etc .
keep going sen. mccain ignore the lefts attack on you .
paul 2012 paul 2016 paul 2020 : )
how do you forget that classified documents are to be kept on secure servers ?
as we traveled through kentucky we saw miles and miles of road improvements .
congressman , just do a clean cr .
mia love when you run for president i will for sure vote for you !
shame on you for not having the backbone to stand up to the establishment and say you will not allow an enemy of public education to head the doe .
the governemnt spending is out of control , but getting rid of obama care is not the answer .
if you think crapo is advocating in dc on your behalf i &apos;d take another look at his policies , which seem to be as closely scrutinized as the mangled quote he put up there .
darlene : without the epa regulating pollutants , how do you think we will have any control over what kind of poisons , toxins , and pollutants industries put into our air and water ?
i certainly didn &apos;t vote for obama and don &apos;t agree with anything he does with the exception of restoring relations with cuba .
if you insist on voting along the party line on this one , in spite of the overwhelming evidence of devos &apos; lack of qualifications , you will not be remembered favorably when the next election rolls around .
republican governor nathan deal signed georgia house bill 60 , which takes effect july 1 , 2014. this bill allows guns in schools , churches , government buildings , bars , malls , courthouses , and airports , as well as legalizes silencers for hunting and allows convicted felons to now use the law &apos;s expanded &quot; stand your ground defense &quot; .
i wonder if that would affect people like paul ?
mr paul you needed to live in 1962 when nikita and fidel were placing nuclear missiles 90 miles off the coast of fla for the soul purpose of destroying every man , woman and child in the united states .
it is time to compromise not stand your ground .
we the people want the patriot act gone !
mellissa , tune in to fox news there is a liberal by the name bob beckel that hates all gun owners , get it right or leave it be .
merry christmas to you too sir !
this could help balance our budget and put some stability back in our markets .
he &apos;s just blowing smoke , and keeps yapping about immigration &apos; reform &apos; to keep them hanging on , when it &apos;s full well known that you must have congress and senate support ( along with the people ) to generate the &apos; reform &apos; that thse illegals want .
you call obama a socialist but he &apos;s been using republican policies .
boehner has to go .
pass a clean cr bill or resign you terrorist
clean out your voicemail so the people of south dakota can contact you ! ! ! ! ! ! !
good , except just 10 % i would think 20-25 % would be a fair number .
the emperor is wearing no clothes ! ! !
no thanks , i will wait and see the rino at the zoo .
i give it an a. i give the house republicans an &quot; incomplete &quot; based on your inaction on anything of substance .
we do not care about the confederate flag .
this man in the wh is a traitor and here we are talking about oil and gas .
fulfill your promise to 9 / 11 first responders .
he did not go into office talking soo much about cutting debt , benifits , goverment agencies or spending .
and obama wants us to let go of our firearms .
good luck.my besta tim
http : / / www.nytimes.com / 2010 / 04 / 01 / us / 01nsa.html ? _ r = 0 the ruling delivered a blow to the bush administration &apos;s claims that its surveillance program , which mr. bush secretly authorized shortly after the terrorist attacks of sept . 11 , 2001 , was lawful .
praise god and live by the golden rule .
he will continue to gut our military but spend 700 million on a failed ocare website &amp; implementation plan ... oh , that is his cronies being paid back .
strike 2 bruce , and you &apos;ve only been there a little over a month ? ?
please work on illegals receiving benefits and border security
you sir need to here us and join us .
how about getting rid of obama ?
how about repealing federal gasoline / diesel taxes .
he hates america and so does his wife .
james and justin both start with j. coincidence ?
you dare to list all of these and then allow pork to be added to the immigration bill ?
lindsey e. mask - know anybody ?
but - nothing will make up for the betrayal by nobama and his appointees , together , who are at fault for what happened to our children / family / fellow americans / patriots chris stevens , sean smith , tyrone woods , and glenn doherty .
i feel like this is what you and rep. scott desjarlais did .
may god bless you as you represent the people in your new mission field ... washington dc !
all the good intentions in the world mean nothing unless we put principled men and women in washington .
you have the backbone of a noodle sir .
if the federal government would stick with fed .
obama never served in the military .
senators and congressmen need to take a pay cut and lets set those term limits ! ! !
i also don &apos;t understand why you &apos;ve got the american flag all over your page .
the constitution , mr. paul , is all we have left .
no nominee is good enough for republicans , even a republican !
here is an op-ed that i wrote last week discussing the problems with a state-run run insurance exchange in tennessee .
yall need to get rid of the obamacare .
mia speaks the truth .
and the constitution is just fine and there are no grounds for impeachment .
impeach barry sotoro .
wait a minute vern , the house passed a motion to prohibit acorn from getting any federal funds for illegal activities ?
living in a constitutional republic commands honoring said constitution .
isn &apos;t it great our 4th amendment rights have been suspended with out notification !
you are so wrong flake this is the worse thing to happen to american citizens john boehner better shoot it down
we oppose betsy devos because she is so ridiculously , horrifically unqualified .
mia , i wish more elected representatives understood this !
make it happen paul !
turbyfill , absolutely not .
im not an obama hater , these are the facts .
mr graham , i believe that there needs to be , a way that prevents anyone from getting into a school in the first place .
no republicans stood up to the horrendous uncle sam tv ads that erroneously characterized obamacare for the 21-35 age group .
he is probably the worst this country has seen .
we are praying !
eric holder will do nothing .. he &apos;s protecting obama .
from california with love !
mccain , graham , ayotte , and mcconnell to name a few , slink back to the dark corners , whining for more mushrooms and horse manure .
your partner in crime , mr. chambliss has chickened out and decided not to run for re-lection next year , let &apos;s hope you follow what the vast majority of your constituents and the american people want , this obamanation of a bill killed once and for all .
whos fault is that , mr pres
we know the president didn &apos;t know what he was doing , but the supreme court !
what good does it do for those elected officials to take the oath of office by putting their hand on a bible and swearing to uphold our constitution .
premiums have gone up 28 % under obama .
mitch mcconnell and paul ryan : do you want to remain the worstresponders to our nations firstresponders ?
no need he is gone anyway !
a vote for devos is a vote against the future education of my children and all the children of america .
today you forgot about the children of north carolina
thanks for nothing paul ryan
duh ! ! ! ! ! !
legislation sounds good sir , but will it be enforced ?
i mean it , defund them immediately ! ! !
i am a conflicted person when it comes to obamacare .
tim scott for president 2024 !
dream on tom , that is not the objective of &quot; that guy &quot; .
go rand , god bless
mia is the next mlk
regaining a functional majority in the senate and taking back the white house in 2016 can &apos;t come soon enough .
a five ounce bird cannot carry a 1 pound coconut .
rep blackburn i know you &apos;re too graceful to fling names around , but harry reid is a little ugly , despicable little goon !
you are new and not in a strong position , likely you have thought to work with rand and ted etc .
more ammunition to use in sending emily cain packing !
nice job selling out the american people john .
too bad no ones talking about the 72 employees for homeland security that are on the terrorist watch list ....
it is time to seize the day and get the fair tax put in place ... nothing else is more important .
only 28 % believes that this monster amnesty will secure the border .
hey mitch mcconnell i just wanted to say ur a joke .
stay kind , mia !
this is who john mccain , barack obama , lindsey graham want to support .
we the people want him charged with treason
but he doesn &apos;t believe in our constitution .
why can &apos;t bo understand that ? !
luv you mia love !
i wish my kentucky congressman was half the public servant you are !
that he will force congress to release irs form 8863 for education credits immediately !
scott , i can &quot; factually support &quot; all of my arguments .
maybe you can teach lindsey how to vote no .
they remove that and its not a question of me leaving the party the party will have left me .
i &apos;m tired of this president thinking he is the law of the land .
ron paul is the only opposition .
president makes friends with communist cuba and islhamic middle east .
rand is not posting this , his helpers are ... and they &apos;re apparently all in their 20 &apos;s lol .
bo is just looking for a way to take out assad .
ted cruz is a liar .
tell your congress and senate that they won &apos;t see your vote if they insist on letting him stay in office
john mccain listing the military movements of russia is hypocritical seeing he has been behind every nato expansion since 1991 when then president george hw bush assured gorbachev and then yeltsin that america would not allow the expansion of nato eastward .
please wake up and do the right thing : get behind trump and win the white house , so we have an opportunity to get the most conservative supreme court justices possible to be appointed , rather than three more liberal activist justices that will eradicate christian rights and morality .
biggest obamacare lie = it will create jobs &amp; boost the economy .
can we take a moment to pray for god &apos;s guidence &amp; wisdom in such a complex issue .
what does repealing obama care do puts money in business men &apos;s pockets insurance companies pockets and hurts poor people and those with pre existing conditions .
maybe marco rubio in 2017 .
even ron paul is human .. human &apos;s make mistakes .. it &apos;s not a slam .
we conservatives aren &apos;t against helping those who really need help .
but if a mistake on my part is what you have to stand on - then your stance is weaker then i thought !
will also pray for you and all the government workers .
i suggest to everyone in oklahoma who has never been to china - go there or look at pictures of the cities .
and obama will be impeached !
thannk you , mia .
god bless you and your family ryan : - ) ) ) ) ) )
don &apos;t pass it unless there are cuts , do not agree to tax hikes
all this would end if you would listen to sheriff joe and impeach obama .
but the question that lynn asked is &quot; what did you think about the presidents speech &quot; again , i respect those who liked it , and those who did not , but not those who ignore the question .
if i were the one that was doing illegalities which is what seems to be obvious here , our congressional reps have the constitutional authority to investigate .
if congress could stop imports , , we would all have jobs
america can afford to put our military in south korea to protect them from north korea , yet we can &apos;t put our soldiers on our own borders to protect america ?
obama care has announced a huge jump in premiums this year , for those who thought it was such a good idea .
we believe in our republican senate and congress and your good leadership .
i agree obama is the one trying to destroy america from the inside
you , sir , are a disgrace to the people of sc -- the sick , the elderly , the children , the jobless -- who elected you .
terina reagan alves : the hague convention doesn &apos;t outlaw hollow point bullets per se , it just restricts their use against uniformed combatants .
deb , o is a constitutional lawyer .
cathy we pay you to watch over government spending .
with all this said bad guys are going to find guns ... make no mistake about it .
you obviously do not listen to the people in your district .
yo arein our prayers !
vote no , cut spending , cut debt , vote yes on term limits
jesse &gt; the president is not the law .
our government is made up of dishonest , thieving politicians .
right on rand , your friend from lake jackson , texas proud of you !
spending on detention facilities for illegals .
you &apos;ll always have my support when you defend liberty !
america is special because of its constitution - follow it !
and the congress would get their christmas vacation and perhaps after coming up with some appreciable cuts to spending there would be no cliff to go over ............ thanks
i for one will do everything i can to prevent you from ever representing georgians again since you clearly don &apos;t listen to your constituents .
you are very much mistaken , sir .
this country needs men like you and sen cruz
anything less than impeachment of the potus is not acceptable to me .
term limits johnny time for you to go ! !
and at least when your insurance is dropped and you have to go to the emergency room it won &apos;t be at the charity hospital and overrun with people with minor ailments and no insurance like you .
mr scott is the type of leader we need today .
... and finally got word to reid that we are not accepting you guys stopping our nations &apos; progress ?
and i have no issue with the original idea of the epa - when it was a small reporting group providing environmental information to the executive .
moreover , it does not serve america &apos;s interests , or the cuban people , to try to push cuba toward collapse .
take back the senate in 2014 and hold the house--then go for impeachment .
now it is time for you to stand up for securing our borders !
i voted for you , and i voted for romney .
i am behind you trey gowdy and i hope the american people finally get the truth .
try repealing obama so we can get back on the right track
if obama and holder hate him he must be a good man .
that he is going to put on some cammies and lead the charge on horseback against isis .
i respect and agree with everything trey says .
because thx to the liberals and socialist there are not enough votes
why and how is obama still in office ?
after voted to send arms to egypt i was on the fence about voting for him again ... not anymore
the way its going were going to wake up with china owning us when they foreclose on us .... then wheres the free stuff going to come from .... wake up america ....
first : eliminate obama !
i think you can understand why your constituents would rather you hold a town hall in you own district to discuss your agenda and ask you questions .
the flag had nothing to do with it , lost my vote sir
there is no common ground with someone who believes they are above the law .
there is no common sense .
our tax code is ridiculous - we need the fair tax !
please keep up the fight for conservative principles .
we need to stay out of this and worry about our own problems .
i am very proud of the public schools in wyoming and i would like to see them remain effective .
just ask any saudi citizen .
i know that although degraded some the abrams tanks we sell egypt are still a very potent weapon , far more effective than anything they could afford on the open arms market .
steven is why our country is in the shape it &apos;s in .
praying there are enough votes to over-ride a sure veto .
good for you senator rand paul
have more town hall meetings as well
a check and balance to the executive orders being signed by this administration
this admin does not get it
i almost cannot believe that if we do not do something drastic we will see america crumble .
god bless you senator ...
i think prices of medical care is ridiculous but obamacare is not the answer .
happy thanksgiving trey gowdy &amp; family god bless
if you ever want to win statewide you need to embrace the city of byrd .
president obama understands this , i really believe he is trying to hurt the usa .
part of the marxist plan .
so glad there are some real liberty lovers in the house like you and dr ron paul even though i am sad to say that some that campaigned on liberty showed tonight that it was talk only
read the constitution and actually understand what is says , then look at the tyrant in the white house .
ali landry just called asking me to vote for her special friend , little scott .
oh that &apos;s another thing the government can &apos;t create jobs it is the private sector who does - but he has tied their hands too not only with the cost of obama care but not making it easy for the private sector to be financially able to do so .
if he does it , then all of congress should have him arrested .
it was going to happen to one side and i &apos;m glad it was their side , but at the same time , i &apos;m hoping that government remembers that the conservative or liberal agendas need to be considered equally .
for the record : these are not muslim terrorists ; these are just frustrated young man driven by questionable cause and purpose that we still need to get to the bottom of it.barak obama
a flat tax with no exemptions , credits , earmarks or loopholes sounds good .
dems say the repubs voted to give guns to terrorists and now repubs are saying the dems want to replace due process with government lists .
i enjoyed watching you speak tonight on cnn sir !
where we are is his fault , all he says is tax the rich , that doesn &apos;t fix anything !
i am not sure that that is number 1. our gop is its own worst enemy and they proved it with the boehner vote .
i &apos;m sure the more people listen and learn , the more popular rand will be .
i wanted to listen to rand paul , but either i could not pick it up , or if i did , it was way to slow .
no way then the loittle man pays a lot and the big man pays little .
the constitution does not say our arms are limited to certain types .
they are god &apos;s chosen
please , please find a way to impeach this tyrant .
rand paul , you lost my vote forever with your endorsement for romney .
we don &apos;t care what you think is best for georgia .
* ap , james rosen targeting holder lies and misleads congress * nsa able to spy on americans without cause , obama states untrue .
trey gowdy for speaker
pray so .
america please wake up and vote republican nazis out of office
especially in egypt this time .
you do nothing under the thumb of boehner .
more bigotry from the &quot; sinator &quot; ; voting against cloture on s.815.
i &apos;m just confused ... exactly how long would you like for the sc seat to go unfilled ?
you evil conservatives are always taking him out of context .
like father like son ron paul for president ,
article 1 , section 2 , clause 5 the house of representatives shall chuse their speaker and other officers ; and shall have the sole power of impeachment .
i applaud your effort and dis-taste of the way epa is spending our money , but is there no other way to stop this besides presenting yet another law to prevent ?
no to war rand .
resisting unlawful spending is enforcing the constitution .
if that is not enough then what about his statement that it was not his job to bring jobs to kentucky .
you ment to say , pray for the republican party we need it .
conservatives were supposedly outraged by tarp , why then are tarp supporters paul ryan , john boehner , eric cantor , mitch mcconnell and many others still in office ?
get on the trump train mccain or get on the bus with the libtards !
i pray to the lord above that he will provide us a real leader .
estamos contigo marco !
if you in the senate give obama the right to go around the public and the rest of the government , you are not listening to the will of the people !
he has been in office a year and still can &apos;t bet past bush .
you have a control problem im no doctor i suggest you go see one
now , with political parties in play , the congress is worthless , not being able to &quot; check &quot; the president , and the judiciary &apos;s ruling is being ignored by the president and his party !
i pray that you are finally going to listen to the people and legislate for them and not for yourself and your life in dc .
anyone whith half a brain that can see who the brothers paul sorround themselves with will know where they really stand .
do not let the downward pull of washington take you with it .
then do your job and pass a budget and get this f15 national guard technician off of this furlough
i would ask secretary kerry how can you ask a man to be the first one to die for a mistake ?
in the last three years we had a president who drew red lines for our enemies to cross .
lest any be confused over the issue , cruz even said this before the vote : &quot; if you believe president obama &apos;s executive order was unconstitutional vote yes , if you think the president &apos;s executive order is constitutional vote no . &quot;
we we will continue praying for this to move forward .
marsha , i work hard for republican women in tn and there is a great disgust for boehner &apos;s lack of leadership .
most americans feel obama is a trator and too much of our military designs are in china and other countries hands !
you took a pledge to support the nominee .
gowdy for president .
oooops .... forgot i am a conservative !
why not just change the tax code that caused this to begin with , so the irs doesn &apos;t consider it a taxable income ?
memo from internet after they discovered al-qaeda was behind benghazi attack .
so , what is congress going to do to correct this , thom ?
obama needs to go now
now do your job as a republican and give your support to our choice .
grand-standing obama backing rino windbag .
he has already given you his mind .
the federal government does not have that power .
then stop him johnny !
and i believe we can impeach obama for knowing the borders are not safe and not protecting the american people
i &apos;m not phil robertson , of duck dynasty ; but now , i have been treated the same way , that he has , by putting my faith and trust in the lord jesus christ too .
good work , mr. scott desjarlais .
the goverment does in a way run our food it is all grown outside ameracan soil think about it
you wanna do something tom ? ?
so again sir , i strongly suggest that you listen to the majority voice of your constituents and vote / endorse accordingly .
is it time now mr gowdy .. sergent of arms arrest that pos we are boiling out here .
no-fly list revisions : 1. any person to be placed on the &quot; no fly list &quot; must have the opportunity to argue their case at a federal court hearing if they are a us citizen .
sorry , rand , it will take lead to keep the government from spending the taxpayers &apos; gold !
this is just a ploy to get us to let down our guard .
no we are not behind this ... health care is necessary and we can &apos;t give it back to the giant drug companies ... don &apos;t listen to trumped up poiticians owned by big money !
we have got to primary in georgia !
still praying
17 months and no action ?
ben sasse is a joke .
even if you do obama will still do it
oklahomans do not want to be forced to buy this service on the penalty of a fine if we don &apos;t buy it ...
praying for god to provide more christian men like you to lead our country back to being a nation under god .
americans solidly oppose an increase in the debt ceiling .
fiscal cliff , no pay for congress , staff , or the president and his staff ... bet they make a deal then , and no golfing for obozo
oh , and way to listen to your constituents .
hey tom you think you have alot of nc residents fooled but you dont ..... we know about your gun control agenda ..... go ahead and try it .
merry christmas doc to you and your family - god bless
they knew the president would veto the bill .
we need you in the white house , marco !
gitmo serves no worthwhile purpose .
states will continue to fund the us military and their own guard and reserve units .
bruce was on my flight to d.c. a few weeks ago and i wanted to high five him !
as one man said .... this will put americans around the world in danger , as cuba will capture them purposely to get their terrorists released .
i like our present voice in congress , please stand firm .
trey do not give up an inch until you get to the truth .
where were the fiscal conservatives then ?
in addition , legislation was passed to extend a cut in the social security payroll tax for the entirety of calendar year 2012. so it would seem the president and the senate were on the same page but the house was blocking the budget … hmmm .
an australian who knows his government needs to do better .
obama will veto it and , even if it &apos;s overridden ( which i doubt ) hundreds of environmental lawsuits will be filed in all the states it crosses .
he has broke the law and has failed to uphold the constitution !
after this they should impeach obama ( without a request ) in one vote !
( please , ensure the hispanic run-a-ways are not now dumped in florida .
what &apos;s the difference between nixon &apos;s 1972 watergate cover-up and obama &apos;s 2012 benghazi cover-up ?
he must apologize for something he said 11 years ago ?
mccain please lead the charge .
when some greedy , self-serving occupant of the white house or congress , or elements outside america , is threatening our existence , our freedom , our liberty , our constitution , our life resources , our america , then we fight back to destroy the threat and there is nothing immoral or illegal about it .
this is about what was really going on in benghazi and what team obama is really covering up .
congress needs to act to try bho for treason and rescend all of his &apos; executive orders &apos; .
i believe he is the only conservative option left ( at least , that i &apos;ve seen ) .
when has he ever stood up to obama .
obamacare should have never passed .
repeal repeal repeal .
you need to tell the others to not sell out we the people .
i think you made a very valid point that we the people and congress can not address such a grave and serious issue as immigration with some one who doesn &apos;t even honor his own oath of office .
fbi is bought by the clinton &apos;s .
mia , what have you actually done and accomplished ?
stating that fact does not make senator scott guilty of slander .
thank the lord for god fearing government authorities .
somehow , i doubt that obama will do that .
keep up good conservative work and it &apos;ll happen !
it seems to me if the house wants a balanced budget , their bill should require congress to balance the budget , not the president .
are you praying for his death too ?
praying for all these situations .
by saying you see no improvement for years after pres obama leaves you are admitting that the gop doesn &apos;t have a solution that will work .
not very many conservatives have stood up and sounded off nationally as needed .
bob owens had it right in 2012. politicians should take heed to what he foretold .
i just hope the citizens that are not happy with these continual bailouts and spending disguised as stimulus are listening to him before it is too late .
any proposed laws are being rightfully sent to congress for debate and vote .
sure , this may help get ride of some wasteful spending , but it could also be used to eliminate parts of bills that protect consumers , small business , and taxpayers .
we can not use the no fly list because of how the democrats can not be trusted anymore with the control of govt .
i &apos;m not going to point fingers and say bush &apos;s fault or obama &apos;s fault , but the problem has gotten steadily worse over the last ten years .
you are the reason that a man that is not even eligible for the wh is sitting there .
you &apos;re right , paul ryan .
i &apos;m proud to say i voted for scott .
and if the gop keep caving in esp .
may god be with them all
betsy devos is horribly unqualified with absolutely no credentials or experience for this position .
i haven &apos;t had to take any of the others down either !
this debate is being moderated much more professionally moderated than the fox debate
all these folks like tom know is talk-talk-talk they have no do-do-do in them , they are useless .........
rand paul would be the worst president ever .
you have some nerve to say a word about spending .
please keep cutting , marsha .
yea he has no right to be in charge of his own department .
every single person that voted for this administration is responsible for this unqualified disaster .
their more socialist than france .
happy thanksgiving trey xo
but bo is bound and deterrmined to bankrupt us .
it is time to support and encourage every military soldier to stand down in syria if this government declares war or sends our troops in .
then you have absolutely no credibility , sir .
yes our country has other issues and they are big , but this too is important ! .
sen. mccain , i wish you &apos;d drink a big glass of stfu , and stop pissing in republican campfires ... go caucus with the dems , you aren &apos;t a republican ...
or perhaps when reagan hosted the taliban at the white house ?
preaching to the choir here-i agree !
we need mccain
its not wacko bird , its freedom bird !
betsy devos is one of the most unqualified individuals to ever come up for senate confirmation .
counting on you to not let the socialist demorats play games !
because if the public knows it , it &apos;s no longer secure .
i &apos;m disappointed that you voted for boehner , he is obama &apos;s man , not the people of the united states ! ! !
start the impeachment process ! ! ! !
well rand , hopefully mc donald &apos;s will hire you to flip burgers after the next election .
reagan and you if you ran
you are still the second most awesome congressman we have mr. amash .
he has done things like that before and he can do it again .
have you noticed how senator cruz never hesitates when he speaks .
while i agree that we have a spending problem and it needs to be addressed , i just don &apos;t feel the debt ceiling and messing with our ability to pay our bills is the way to do it .
keep them out of kansas .
wear it with honor sen. rand
subject : for everyone who signs this petition , boehner gets a pacifier house speaker john boehner must act like an adult and stand up to tantrum-throwing , infantile republicans to call a vote on a clean budget resolution and end the gop shutdown .
before you attack rep. blackburn , you may want to find out what she knows that you don &apos;t .
i still say he is an enemy of the usa and is working to bring this country down
raise taxes where it is appropriate and cut spending where appropriate .
why don &apos;t you tell them that you didn &apos;t vote to defund it when you had the chance .
god bless you in your loss .
when our founding fathers set up this government and it &apos;s constitution , it was done by honorable christian men .
jeff flake , john mccain over immigration : help recall or primary the senator !
if you had any coming sense , you would realize that if he were not truly born in this country , the clinton &apos;s would have buried him in the first primary .
that the irs will need approx 13,000 new agents for the job ?
we will be watching greta and you !
if you like it it is a good thing , if you dislike it is an example of government pork .
what is irresponsible is deferring to an administration that is blatantly violating the constitution just to secure power and favor for yourself .
us congressman steven palazzo , you did it , , , , , , , way to go ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
let &apos;s return to the free health care clinics , &amp; balance the budget in 5 years if you eliminate obamacare !
obama is unbelievably petulant , petty and cruel !
there are no direct flights from west africa to the us !
congrats mia , you &apos;re a lady , but congressman matheson was a marxist communist poser , charlatan and traitor .
impeach him , enough is enough .
typical whimp rino jumping on the band wagon after emerging your safe space ....
now jason b mince , this probably the only thing you and i will ever agree on ! ! !
you just lost my support ( veteran who supports both flags they will want the american flag because jt offends someone next god help us it never ends
i agree , tell marc rubio and jeb bush no !
sorry to hear this , and i will pray for god to comfort his family .
boehner = out !
i believe that mccain is losing it ! !
mcclintock for president ! !
and that is why you will get my vote every time jerry .
ya i noticed rubio voted to block veterans benefits hope you dont back him on that vote : (
thanks for citizen &apos;s united , mitch .
repeal obamacare and dodd / frank .
once again the liberal agenda lies are exposed .
can you honestly say he is a traitor for doing that ?
but as long as you &apos;re counting in a partisan way , deficit spending has been greater under republican administrations since reagan .
he was a communist remember .
absolutely cut them off .
as far as i &apos;m concerned you sir are fired .
admit that the election was stolen .. get rid of obama and put romney in or if america is truly so weak and lazy to let a fraud steal the election , go over the cliff ............ we &apos;re done anyway .
kerry was a traitor and lied about vietnam .
clinton was impeached for lying about having sex with a wh intern , but we ignore a lie as big as the benghazi fiasco .
time to cut up the credit card , real spending cuts not baseline &quot; fake &quot; spending cuts .
good practice for the time in the near future when we have a president who will not veto it .
what about all those late night plots against the president that rafael eduardo cruz and his other teaparty goons engaged in ?
maybe we need to quit paying taxes .
didn &apos;t mia love vote for boehner in january ?
send in the army and throw them all in jail and have a new election .
okay , now take the next step and support the peoples choice and the gop nominee .
as far as mccain is concerned , we all know that he &apos;s the king of the rhinos .
aka , you would more than likely would not have been a republican were you alive then .
obama has lied again and again , not just about this !
jaimie , i encourage you on to real reform , abolish the irs code .
obama is just as stupid and dysfunctional and the rest of you elected officials .
you are right mia love .... as we see no future .
press on rand and continue to be one of the few that are &quot; for the people &quot; .
i read that obama is ignoring the texas federal court decision and moving forward with his lawless immigration actions .
obama does not have a clue .
help us , ted poe .
i think the government has forgot , more non government jobs = more tax money , they would not have to raise taxes , or have a huge food stamp program .
a goal without a plan is just a dream ! !
praying you don &apos;t leave us .....
there you go , cut those aid off !
this whole &quot; fast and furious &quot; controversy is a waste of the taxpayers money , and a wasted attempt to try and lay the blame on obama that bush did in his previous administration .
because corporations are people and they elect whoever they want by buying / scaring people into electing their henchmen , aka jerry moran .
senator david perdue why is congress so afraid to impeach obama ?
god bless america please ! ! !
congress can defund this .
8 , s . 3 , declares , that adhering to the enemies of the united states , giving them aid and comfort , shall be treason .
for those who want to move on , it just lets me know that they do not understand the law and how our constitution is written .
please stand up for the constitution and oppose this poorly conceived executive action .
um greg .
air force you know put them up in the air .
no one else could have said this any better tim
guns and the home interest tax and now higher taxes if you sell and buy a home in the same year - not the same lindsey sad sad
if aca is repealed and planned parenthood defunded with no viable option ready ( which there is not ) , then it is an abhorrent abandonment of the american people who need those services the most .
instead mr. poe is tossing softballs out here mixed with partisan talking points .
at any other job , with the ration of failures , incomplete projects and lost revenue they have caused they all would have been fired long ago .
stand firm sen scott---you will remember your vote and i will remember your vote .... ignore those who oppose principles of constitution .
24 billion is a drop in the bucket compared to what obamacare is going to waste of your tax money .... and blaming the republicans for not paying military benefits shows me some of you watch too much liberal news ... i hear lots of liberal talking points on here .
a fast and successful impeachment process and conclusion
north carolina .
trey goff
we the people need to inform very clearly to our representatives that we can no longer sustain this debt !
shouldn &apos;t the people who hold our debt be more supportive and willing to take up the slack on foreign aid just to make sure we will be able to pay them back ?
tge refugees and gitmo prisoners will destroy this country if we allow to enter usa .
another reason to seal out borders .
i really don &apos;t understand why liberals get on conservative pages .
if it were up to us , you would absolutely not be in washington .
voting you out lamar
we put you in office and we can throw you out !
you &apos;re a few days old on this , though tom .
no water ? ? ?
if we , the people don &apos;t clean house and get rid of this corrupt establishment , nothing will ever change .
happy easter to you and your family sir .
god bless you for standing up for our country ! ! !
our nation cannot stand up to the debt that the aca will cost us .
i agree congressman
i would like to hear the the legislative and executive branches say they are going to try to find some common ground and get some work done .
now is the time to repeal and replace .
i hope and pray that a potential run for president is in your future !
it is a guaranteed constitutional right .
i really believe barak has lost his mind .
the only &quot; wacko bird &quot; envolved in this is the guy that called you wacko .
our government keeps giving our tax money to this organization that sells unborn baby body parts
our administration is totally out of control .
you are such a breath of fresh air in washington dc please keep up your good work .
heads should roll , but we know that obama &apos;s not going to fire anyone , except for generals who oppose him !
there are no american national security interests .
repeal the delay then and &quot; let the losses begin &quot; ............ , am i wrong here ?
i thought the fbi or cia might ask those kinds of questions not the money grubbing irs .
mr poe it is time for you to stand up for america not for israel !
i support mo brooks and i am a conservative gop voter .
that &apos;s the spirit , mia !
thanks micheal please continue your fight .. score 1 for us today and the american people .. now for the terrorist crossing our texas border !
well lindsay you ain &apos;t any better at predicting football than you are at deciding who to align yourself with in the senate .
god sees all and you will be held accountable to him someday .
there &apos;s a reason congress has a 9 % approval rating .
bless you for running the government correctly and standing up for our god given rights .
you first mr speaker .
we have elected y &apos;all to fix the mess .
simple , when they lie before congress under oath .. arrest and jail them as you would normal american &apos;s .
bless your heart &amp; god bless !
please do all you can to impeach this mad man .
i pray he does not do it unilaterally .
they try to make mccain and you pawns of what you ought to be fighting and railing against .
sure i am listening to senator mccain right now .. he seems to think your wrong !
i guess , you coming from a long line of peeps on the govt dole has helped you arrive @ this perspective ... but you still don &apos;t have a grasp on what the constitution says on that subject ... its the state govt or ultimately the people &apos;s responsibility !
i live in sc and we love trey gowdy .
totally oppose !
just nervous bruce , nervous : ( what is up with that vote to keep obamacare ? ? ?
i have no confidence in this potus
its too late now .
there is so much evidence against this guy it &apos;s time to impeach him before he finishes destroying our country .
i want to know .. if we get a call to action large enough , will it change your mind to run as speaker .
no increase in debt ceiling !
send them to cuba .
if the main stream media was even a little balanced , it would improve .
the clintons can get away with anything or o it seams .
the house wants to set up a committee to prioritize the bill paying ... the president said he will veto this plan .
go rand paul , we love you , fight those tsa .
there is only a tax on what you spend .
mr ryan , why didn &apos;t you know this and join us months and months ago ?
thank goodness our federal tax dollars won &apos;t come back to utah for any utah specific spending .
but mr. boehner thinks he is as sly as the dems and he is not .
do south carolina a favor and just retire with grace cause this is one person who will never vote for you .
yes to defund , no to cloture
and of course if we are against obamacare , we are labeled &quot; angry white people &quot; .
sorry ... my iq is too high to watch fox !
your word says we should pray for our enemies so thats what im doing .
pick a new topic with obamacare .
my heart is breaking with you tim .
the word negotiation does apply to house republicans finally being willing to work to improve obamacare rather than continue the charade of pretending to repeal it .
i am completely for obamacare !
i agree but some of the republican party doesn &apos;t .
tell it mia , now impeach his muslim ass
my southern ancestor was pastor of st. john &apos;s lutheran church in charleston , sc for 57 years and encouraged blacks to attend his church and he also taught reading and writing to over 200 of them .
you are willing to give obama a free pass on all of his failures and gov .
senator ben sasse , i think you are a very intelligent man and have some good points made here .
and yet god is omnipresent , omnipotent , so god knew before abram / abraham was born exactly what he would do , how is this free will if god knows the very things you will do , say , and think before you are born ?
it &apos;s very easy to be smug about illegal immigration in s. carolina , where you are not faced with its ramifications every day .
i don &apos;t want you to vote yes for anything that funds obamacare .
in the same way christians pray for sinners , out of love .
i thought you were a true republican but apparently if all it took was an 11 year old clip to keep you from endorsing your own candidate from your party , you aren &apos;t .
get rid of common core in the schools .
the spending has to get under control .
he also has bra and after he is born in april , i pray our journey leads us to transplant !
happy thanksgiving to you and your family , rand !
i &apos;m tired of politicians and pundits telling me what i &apos;m supposed to believe in to be considered a conservative .
nothing will keep us safe until jesus comes back and wipe out the terror out of our lives .
no moving her to the wh as an adviser allows for executive privilege to avoid testifying .
they all should be impeached .
i like paul and rubio alot , neither as president however .
may god bless you sir ! !
please tell us mr scott all the changes this pipeline will make .
boehner sabotaged america by giving obama everything he wanted .
you need to get out of senate
mr paul need a new law put in place help me make it illegal for any elected official to have sealed records in my opinion sealed records means you have something to hide and at this time i and other people don &apos;t trust our government .
if you want pictures taken go to a studio that does not believe in the christian values .
i am so thankful for leaders like you mr. scott .
you are not listening to wyoming parents or educators !
hey i have an idea impeach obama ! ! !
in 1991 bush sr. signed an unconstitutional bill , under the guise of &quot; education &quot; called the noahide law ( aka the 7 laws of noah ) .
take away the executive order power he has limit his mouth !
rubio for president in 2016 ! ! !
otherwise what you are talking about don &apos;t mean anything to the people of the great state of south carolina .
president rand paul ! ! !
i never bought a 1998 honda , rims , or thousands of dollars of food from some mexican grocery outlet in east l.a. but sorry if reality is interfering with your agenda , mr. mcclintock .
vote to pass a clean cr .
you know that i support you but i am terribly disappointed that you were not present today to defend the innocent babies .
she is a socialist / communist
if we stop aid what do we do keep good relations ; and with who do we keep good relations , the rebels or military , do we agree with or do we support only .
cruz &amp; carson or rubio &amp; carson .. # national security and winning the war that has been declared against us .
thanks james for your dedication to the oil field and oklahoma !
congressman babin is a true american and is doing anything he can to stop this from happening .
i admire you mr gowdy , for being strong and standing up for the american people .
that &apos;s a bad deal for america !
19 times during reagan and bush 43 the debt ceiling was raised .
i would like to see a resignation from every member of both the house and the senate that have served more than 2 terms .
as i understand it , if he and blackburn had voted no to bring it to the floor for a vote , it would have died and no vote on the actual bill would have been needed .
no more rino
that plan has not worked under the bush administration .
very classy post tim scott .
stop spending our hard earned money .
lynn roebuck , laws can be passed by congress , signed the president , judged yo be constitutional by the courts and still be a bad law .
i heard he is , mike .
if you vote for this horfic treaty , iran central them is death to america !
i &apos;m disappointed in his backing rubio .
the more we stick to the constitution , belief in god and traditional family values , the more candidates will win .
not only is the country in bad debt but our state is the worst in the country !
just do what you need to do and support the republican nominee senator .
we need more people like you in congress rand !
isis johnny , it &apos;s isis .
maybe you can use the monies the irs has that they use for conferences and divert it !
he &apos;s another worthless rino
trump loves this country , obama hates the united states of america and wants to see us destroyed , can you really be that blind .
we have a president doing the things he is doing and he calls sen paul a wacko ! ! !
got anyone in mind , paul ?
you should leave the opinion to o &apos;reilly and hannity and stick to trying to read the news .
rand paul you are a hero !
gloria i wonder if you will be screaming this same &apos; &apos; sheep like mantra &apos; in a few years when things will not be free but we will a socialist country .
isis wants to make a permanent wipe out for years of the american power grid .
rand the americans want to know where you are / how come you are not at the bundy ranch helping the americans .
mia , what is your interpretation of the 14th amendment in relation to denying the 2nd amendment rights of citizens without due process by restricting those on the no-fly list from purchasing firearms ?
read the declaration of independence and the constitution of the united states and you will understand what he is saying .
we gave you guys controll you better do what the people want not what your buddies want .
i fail to see how not having a public education system allows wyoming to make its own education policies .
i really apreciate that rand did this for the people .
they could at least import from our friends in south and central america .
i challenge you and tim scott to publish names of ph.d &apos;s in higher ed along with teachers and school board members from your state that advised you that this was a good decision .
so now he says if we want to defund obama care it will shut the government down .
the republican establishment has dumped its base and its conservative values , and folded to the obama regime .
give a clean cr like boehner agreed to last month and your manufactured problem with resolve itself .
and what is congress or vern going to do nothing .
i guess the republicans would never try to stall a president &apos;s nominee .
told cq roll call on tuesday that he believed reconciliation was the &quot; most surefire way &quot; to defund planned parenthood .
that &apos;s not the only unconstitutional thing he has done .
now if we can somehow be able to put you sir mr. trey gowdy in the next opening position as us supreme court justice then i for one would feel much safer .
if we can be guaranteed of a specific sales tax rate - e.g.
i pray you will consider it .
i have no insurance either .
if he &apos;s on the list he can &apos;t fly on an airline in this country .
then , in 2015 , the new congressmen we elected will go in and have a better idea of what not to do , which is everything the 2012-2013 congress did .
do not vote for obamacare
your version liberty means freedom to be a slave to someone who owns more then you .
raise taxes on the people who already pay most of the taxes , raise the debt limit so we can keep borrowing money we don &apos;t have and continue to spend more than we take in .
thank rand paul for voting against the violense against women act . &quot;
you must not even be following what james lankford is doing for you !
people in this king sex ring that included many webb foster children , say that johnny gosch was one of those children .
b h 0 and his band of leftist fairies will be laughed at by el- kaida and isis .
pass a clean cr and then negotiate all you want .
lou barletta is a fellow coal cracker from hazleton .
however , although i was relieved to hear of the statement you released with senator mccain , it was unimpressive .
i feel it starts with our president to congressmen , congresswomen , and our military are all in on it and we can do nothing about it .
we don &apos;t either but change that amnesty for illegals that you are for .
how dare you put your party above your country , your constituents and the constitution .
we need jobs but nothing is being done by this admin .
we have put ourselves onto this complicated mess ..... and yes secure the borders now !
relieved here too kourtney that mike lee won .
so when are you going to do anything about this mess .
but why can &apos;t we do something about it ?
that being said , mccain is wrong .
get rid of it and the expense associated with it .
the pledge the republicans made to american citizens was to stop out of control spending and reduce the size of government , 2. repeal and replace the government take over of healthcare ( currently because the democrats control the senate is for the house to defund it ) .
cruz is far more conservative .
does congress have the ability to keep expecting truth and justice from the former sos or not ?
only his first name was paul , and his last name was revere !
why is this lawless jackass not being impeached ?
then impeach this so call president who has ignored and tramplet our constitution and bill of rights !
so what are you going to do about the unconstitutional executive orders he &apos;s issued ?
that &apos;s strong conservative leadership for you -- leading us straight back to the 1950s .
you and ryan boy .
http : / / www.redstate.com / 2013 / 07 / 29 / republicans-declare-soviet-union-is-here-to-stay / did your family leave communist cuba ?
any other president would have been impeached and thrown out years ago !
when teachers across tbe country ( and super-respected education expert diane ravitch ) are telling you she is unqualified and you still sing nothing but praise for her ? !
i say they need to come out of the closet if they aren &apos;t for freedom from oppressive government take over .
not sure what obama is thinking .
congress needs another vacation along with the president and should be a permanent vacation .
we won &apos;t default as long as we pay the interest !
my father could not get the va to very much for him .
that would be ronald reagan was a true american
pray for us all ! !
option b. houston desperately needs more mass transit .
if congress got together senate and house the president will do what he wants .
we &apos;ve all stood or seen others stand in line for a long time only to have the line cut off just in front of us .
bill is left of obama , can you just be honest ?
merry christmas and prayers for a brighter 2016 .
if you vote for any deal that includes new taxes or raising taxes i will not vote for you again .
eat crow , rino !
the white house has to be earned , and you and the rest of the party are doing a poor job of showing us you deserve the white house .
get hose borders closed now !
rep. buchanan , where are the good jobs in sarasota ?
i &apos;m liking trey gowdy more and more .
i pray for you daily !
you &apos;ve upset a lot of us here in sc with this .
i think you are so wise and i am proud that you represent south carolina .
welfare is running the country into the ground and we &apos;re letting them do it to buy votes !
mike simmons , you &apos;re a pretty revolting individual if you honestly think there &apos;s a case to be made for the tsa here .
impeach the communist that stole the whitehouse .
as our president in 2016 and you will get our country back on track .
why do we send republicans to the house and senate if they are only going to twiddle their thumbs while free-market health-care is dismantled ?
obama has kept us out of another great depression .
you should have been supporting rand paul and eating a candy bar instead of a $ 106 meal .
you wouldn &apos;t have known that unless you watch msnbc , and not just fox .
the internet sales tax .
you senator burr are as guilty as obama for destroying this nation and will do what i am able to see you and senator tillis are not re-elected .
stay humble , our country needs a president who can be vocal and humble , a president who will stand up for what &apos;s right and that is you !
i agree and highly disappointed this sounds like an apology before the report comes out .
&quot; i stand proudly with the growing chorus of governors who reject the obamacare power grab .
it is absolutely clear from reading story that serious political offenses are impeachable offenses .
maybe he will cut an executive order and nominate himself ?
a credit to south carolina .
i think verification is a good thing , but isn &apos;t that regulation and doesn &apos;t that go against libertarian thought ?
no fetus is pain capable at 20 weeks .
senator corker - one of conservatives who i look to for rationality .
and while you sing praises for israel .. our ally .. look up the uss liberty .
come on guys , look at who the real enemy is , just let them pass the bills reid held up , give them a chance , don &apos;t be so impatient , if they don &apos;t do what we want , we can kick boehner out next year
nixon didn &apos;t just say &quot; no , &quot; he implied that it was a conspiracy theory and said &quot; no documents are being sent to a magical database somewhere and called it a &quot; distraction . &quot;
stand with rand 2016 ! ! !
homeland security secretary napolitano is clueless as to what constitutes effective border security .
love u gowdy
god bless you trey gowdy ! !
rand thanks for trying .
obama sends these things to our enemies because we are broke as a nation .... he is paying off a debt a.d don &apos;t have the cash .
option b. thanks for asking
do the right thing and listen to your constituents .
could we arm our soldiers too ?
not one republican voted for this mess .
the only way to have accountability is to fire the entire govt .
bush and ask him why he continued with the war ... &quot; &lt; &lt; robert , you have just refuted yourself yet again .
if the government shuts down somehow i suspect we &apos;ll see a lot less gop congressmen next election cycle .
rand you have the truth on your side the truth always wins out in the long run .
this is what you get paid when you support johnny boehner .
john barrasso is also a liar .
it will only get worse unless congressmen like you keep it before the people .
crap ... i sounded like john mccain there for a second .
i loved seeing lindsey get pissed off at cnn anchor , republicans today
no replacement needed or wanted .
miss ya lou .
emily cain needs to bow out .
let &apos;s pray not
the president believes nothing will happen to him .
i am glad rand paul stepped up to the plate on behalf of our nation , he is to b commended 4 that , .
seal our borders ..... no amnesty ! ! ! !
boehner is for whatever butters boehner &apos;s bread .
i am completely 100 % behind mia love for her understanding that clinton has poor judgement and lesser morals , she does everything she can to lie , deceive , manipulate and &quot; rig &quot; this election .
the answers to all people questions lies in that word , love you mia .
can we start by forcing harry reid to pass a budget , he should be held in contempt of congress for failing to follow the law !
so nice of all of you to help him keep the ins .
time for christie and fiorina to drop out !
make it uglier and uglier to reid till he sees the trend !
he has destroyed our faith in the american constitution .. but he &apos;s a great speaker .
rubio -v- crist .
stop embarrassing north carolina and step down .
go ahead , lindsey .
at least marino didn &apos;t cave in !
and maybe while we &apos;re at it we &apos;ll put you traitors out !
hispanic sympathizers voted for obama and continue !
stand up for what is right moran .
he and biden resign !
mr. isakson , i see you voted for the amnesty bill .
senator burr i am really disappointed that you did not stand with rand paul last evening .
the irs is a total disaster .
just enforce the ones we have .
and as for you , lindsey .... i know alot of people in south carolina who don &apos;t like you and would like to see you get un-elected .
i &apos;d gladly take him and sara palin over obama
in the end , universal healthcare , a single payer system , will be the end game for the u.s. and the ultimate goal of obamacare .
rand is wrong on this .
i believe god has turned his face from us , we will suffer more for the decisions we have made for so many years we will endure more pain as we will have to fight harder for our freedom .
you are in my prayers man !
poor mitch mcconnell has you under his thumb !
yet as soon as the senate passes something the media jumps all over it and declares that if the house doesn &apos;t pass we are in default - blaming the gop .
i think obama will declare martial law by this friday if not before , get ready people for the holy war !
then you and the rest of the senators , and govenors , and congressmen do something about this monster before it &apos;s too late !
mia love for vice president !
i &apos;m a north carolina voter and i will remember how you vote .
that wording is there to provide cover for these traitor senators .
be ye therefore blessed
well said , marco rubio 2016 !
you were a horrible judge , a even worse ag and now , if it was not for ted cruz you would go down as the worst senator in our state &apos;s history
he thinks he makes the law !
your are standing tall dr paul .
you are not my representative but senator cruz is and with the new establishment rolling in , we may just have a chance .
if you fund it you own it .
ileana , no hay mejor ciego que el que no quiere ver y obama , no está interesado en enterarse de nada malo que sigan haciendo los kkkastro ... mientras en cuba siguen violando todos los derechos humanos y haciendo horrores , obama sigue sin darse por enterado ...
time is very very short before it is too late .
apparently the fbi think the american people are stupid and have no problem believing that they &apos;ve read through 650,000 emails in a weeks time .
so first you were going to stonewall the brennan confirmation until you found out more about benghazi , but now you &apos;re going to vote for him because of rand pauls filibuster ?
you have to ask yourself if obamacare is so awesome how come they have exempted themselves from it ..... mr lankford we do not want obamacare .... end of story ..... keep fighting we are with you .....
.. they have served our country and protected our country they deserve to be paid for it ... some gave their lives , and i believe that is a debt that can never be paid to those family members ...
doing two simple things will practically stop illegal immigration .
please stand your ground for our nation .
endorsing hatch , a convert to real conservative positions beginning with bob bennett &apos;s defeat , will not bring the change that is needed .
trey gowdy .... i wish there were more like you ... keep up the pursuit of justice .
once you set the precedent that our guaranteed rights are up for debate , there will be no end to it .
no it will not !
also defense of our christian founding and all of the 200 + year old statues and symbols of our christian heritage that are all over this great nation !
a. karl marx b. lenin c. molotov d. none of the above 6 ) &quot; i think it &apos;s time to send a clear message to what has become the most profitable sector in ( the ) entire economy that they are being watched . &quot;
just don &apos;t understand why the republicans are not doing anything about obama &apos;s power grab and continuous lying !
use common sense and get off the party line !
no excuses for killing our unborn souls !
james believes what the bible the says to be true .
thanks for all you do in washington for south dakota and the whole nation .
the federal government already ignores the constitution .
sir , your acting like a spoiled brat , get on board or get to resigning your post .
since the folks here can not get them to understand what we the people of mississippi want !
we are living in more dangerous times now and our military should b able to defend themselves and others on our soil .
thanks for doing something right for a change , but you &apos;re hardly a conservative .
if only the congress would be shut down with the rest of the government .
i plan to give up voting for anyone supporting common core and the nationalization of our education system , .
we just need to flipping enforce what we have and secure our borders and no amnesty
the actual traitors are the ones in office who got caught spying on us !
please do not vote for this rushed repeal .
did you know that al qaeda does not send out announcements to make it a formal attack ?
i , frankly , do not believe the citizens of south dakota are all against the pipeline ... and as an afterthought , the proposed refinery in south dakota would make tons of jobs , as well as the builing of the pipeline .
jerry orm
so , in all their wisdom they decide to cut national defense instead of aid to other countries .
how does the senate have the authority to vote on our constitutional rights ?
the designated liar is being rewarded for her obedience !
if the government shuts down it will be obama &apos;s decision .
this week the house votes on paul ryan &apos;s budget which cuts $ 6.2 trillion and the senate will be soon be holding separate votes on obamacare and planned parenthood funding .
go rand help him out .
that he &apos;s quitting early , just resign and go far away from america
why can &apos;t we defund the unelected , unaccountable czars ?
senator mccain we need your wisdom and voice more than ever .
it is clear that he said that he would veto the bill before congress sent it to him .
i will give my vote to a socialist before i will vote for you guys to do anything .
i pray that you will continue to do what respresentatives to washington should do .... represent the interest of their people and follow the constitution !
i am definately a believer in jesus , i just believe he is the yhvh of the old testament come in flesh in the personage of the man jesus the christ .
mr gowdy you are a real southern gentleman !
great news senator rubio !
rubio for 2020 !
it was a judicial slap in the face of our law breaking potus
obama &apos;s amnesty down our throats which tastes just like obamacare , we will fire him .
our founding fathers gave their all to give us this constitution and our freedoms , and generations of americans have given their best and brightest to do battle to defend them .
i really like you mr. paul - but as a republican i &apos;m getting very tired of everyone in office in our party whether moderate or conservative , negating each other - if we don &apos;t find some common ground , this us that i grew up in will be no more .
it is in the constitution !
we changed our healthcare plan on 2009 right after the obama whitehouse set up healthcare.gov website .
christie should just change parties and get it over with ... rino
if you and your loathsome brother rinos want to alter the constitution then why don &apos;t you do what was done by the 21st amendment .
our only hope now is that the senate will indeed throw the boehner bomb back at him and thehouse gets fed up enough to finally show some backbone .
the government is in a mess .
mia , would you consider moving to arizona ?
stand up for the conservative side and do not back down .
but current potus doesn &apos;t care , he dislikes the military .
god bless rand paul for opposing the rhinos and thugs .
and lets bring home the military at outposts that dont need our guarding .. put them along the border and get it done ..
we will never recover from the full implementation of obamacare .
true true true security starts right here right now at our home america needs to wake up !
congressman lou barletta - what is your take on cannabis , hemp , medical marijuana and recreational marijuana use ?
- most of my fb pals are not from sc .
you were my guy marco .
eric holder has proven himself to be a true patriot .
alabama romney
senator mccain has always put country before party .
where was lindsey graham ?
there are qualified individuals for this position , betsy devos isn &apos;t one .
fast and furious , benghazi , irs targeting , muslim brotherhood , unconstitutional health care act , unconstitutional appointments , attack on second amendment , etcetera ........ impeach !
a real christian american family .
the american people love the government !
uhhhhh- thanks- i think - but kinda johnny come lately !
it &apos;s just another thing obama can shove down our throats !
obama , his administration hell the whole democratic party &apos;s agenda is to turn america into a socialist citizen government dependent country .
the use of the tenth amendment as it is intended under the u.s. constitution
repeal laws against liberty and freedom .
no to refugees and illegals receiving tax dollars .
i don &apos;t know what under the constitution congress can do , but this travesty has got to stop .
put your money where your mouth is lee
i can &apos;t believe how obama is ruining our country , it &apos;s so sad , especially on the 4th of july .
the only way to fix this problem is eliminate the irs and collect a flat tax or fair tax .
what i received in the mail again shows me it is not working , makes me sick to see what they are doing , repeal it please or impeach him
where are you while obama is running roughshod over the constitution , why haven &apos;t i heard yor name as a fighter in the senate ?
when i was called by my local fox affiliate they did not even give me rand paul &apos;s name .. the gave me 8 other candidates by name and then told me to select &quot; 9 &quot; for other .. it is rigged ! !
reagan came into office proposing to cut personal income and business taxes .
wow , line iten might just require more funds for having the line iten veto .
doug , you are a closet conservative with your last post !
are you still flying the traitors flag in your office ?
curling rinks will replace bowling allies .
when the republicans don &apos;t give him what he wants and a possible shut down ... we will be in election mode and it will hurt the republican hopefuls .
the best defense is a good offense , they are going to make sure he never makes it ... sorry rand , but i don &apos;t think there are many people who could donate in good conscience to a bloodbath , especially in this economy and under these circumstances ...
well said paul ryan , take it to the limit
wake up , sam !
this program will be the final nail in the coffin of our country ... and you stand there holding a hammer .
vote no on any resolution authorizing us military action in syria !
propose we cut all foreign aid until our house is straight
vote no - we back you !
well , go crack the whip on him trey gowdy !
sir , please support congressman john barrow of georgia in opposing the congressional pay raise by president barack obama .
thanks rand for all your courage and good works .
same old hot biased air rhetoric , ted .
hi mia .
repeal ndaa section 1021 immediately !
why didn &apos;t you republican majority stop it ?
the only reason you &apos;re concerned about obamacare is you want to give a good freebie to all of your amnestied illegals ! ! !
why is the government spending it ?
and bringing up obama is only displacing the blame and trying to confuse people further .
the government is trying to take your mind off the iran deals obama is making while we worry about the ammo ....
granted reagan did the same thing but with the permission of congress .
the best thing would be for the house to continue to stand firm so the american majority fully understands they do not support americans or our country .
other than law school and a few life experiences , and exuberant pro american sentiment , and half a freshman term in senate , there is nothing rubio has done in life that prepares him to be the president no military experience no executive experience no multi faceted bug business experience
the budget was balanced before the gop took the reins of government in 2001. i am ann independent .
this administration is doing plenty to support islam .
he &apos;s a marxist and marxist don &apos;t compromise ... !
chris christie who ?
i had a dream that congress passed a law that every law would apply to anyone in congress , the wh , or illegals .
i think america is very weary of this president &apos;s blame game and wasting time traveling the country as a celebrity as he garners support based on his celebrity status rather then what is good for our country .
i hope all the obama voters are starting to get this , but probably not .
we have been told too many lies by him and his minions to believe anything he has to say .
praying for them and all who mourn
she is grossly unqualified for the position which makes your support of her confirmation extremely suspect ! !
and on some issues the president has every right to institute some changes without congress .
or at least admit ya &apos;ll are being hypocritical when it comes to benghazi .
what &apos;s your plan for insuring 400,000 south carolinians with no insurance , clogging up the emergency rooms , that we all pay for anyway ?
i agree he is a patriot and our government cannot be trusted .
a faithful kansas republican .
obama needs to be impeached ! ! ! !
mccain needs to read the constitution he swore to uphold ; 8 u.s. code 1182 inadmissible aliens , give our president the legal right to an executive order to stop aliens deemed a threat to our country .
now that right there is a true patriot .
as margaret thatcher stood with courage and resolve , you cave yet again to pressure from somewhere .
god bless sir ... i want to root for you , a military wife .
you need to stand up with cruz and show some backbone
hollie boudreaux y &apos;all still know anybody up there ?
fiorino and cruz .
hahaha completely forgot this was john mccain &apos;s post .
would stay home and take care of our own nation ?
he did it without your endorsements and he is wise about it .
.. more agents and a &quot; promise &quot; to enforce laws ... and the trade off is ... amnesty .
at one time i had respect for the republican party .
the democrats are already a disgrace - these &quot; republicans &quot; are even more so for standing with those who are working to undermine our constitution , our rights , our liberty and our nation .
fyi the free phone program was started way back to reagan and bush increased it .
rand paul is the only person running for senate who isn &apos;t afraid to fight the statist federal government with his bare hands .
praying that it will not go forward , but be completely stopped !
stop sending aid everywhere .
o says we can &apos;t handle it i say bs i want to know because he lies about everything else why not that ....
it &apos;s only fair that if the government increases it &apos;s debt limit , then i can too ... can &apos;t imagine my husband approving that !
if the election is close , and we in the utah majority choose independent , we may very well be handing the presidency to mr. trump and this i think is a dangerous gamble .
in the early 80 &apos;s flying low level in a king air from dodge to kansas city still remember it as one of the most beautiful pictures that i have ever seen
her money comes from away , her adds reek of out of state hit pieces , and i know emily cain is not a lumberjack .
at least a few good men stand up for the american people .
by congress you mean obama 👎 nothing will get done he &apos;ll just write up an executive order
the aca will give the government authority to make those mandates .
please rethink your stance and pass a clean budget immediately .
it was wasted fish some where in south centeral .
sen. paul , why don &apos;t you sit down with sen. rubio and discuss this ?
i &apos;d rather be a wacko any day before being a liberal democrat ! !
what is a wacko bird ? ?
somehow i doubt that they were started in 1636. or did you just have an obama moment ?
22 your ancestors who went down into egypt were seventy in all , and now the lord your god has made you as numerous as the stars in the sky . &quot;
beautifully said : praying
no please we can &apos;t go through with this .
but i do trust senator paul to ask the questions that need asking regarding questions of personal freedom .
they need to get control of rhinos like mccain , and amateurs like paul ryan !
why did rand paul vote for the 2013 ndaa ?
i wanna see how you ted poe , plan to stop him and his regime ! !
you &apos;re a lying democrat rino .
he needs to start leading this country and stop dictating and scolding .
you need to support the zadroga act right now .
prayer for you : dear lord , help marsha to fight the good fight and be in the exact spots today that you need her to be .
bring back the phrase &quot; we the people , for the people &quot; instead of , we the government for the government !
if there is a shutdown , our military will not receive pay during the shutdown .
all he is doing is damage control because of his vote against the people in sc .
why aren &apos;t you brave enough to do what harry reid did .
while i have you ... it is time for congress to take control of the epa and other government agencies that you created and now they regulate us without our consent !
flat tax no deductions.no politics
also praying our nation will solidly support israel .
you &apos;re the best tim scott !
endlessly blaming the last administration has done absolutely nothing except forcing all of us to live with the consequences of all those broken promises .
while you &apos;re at it , stop foreign aid !
we have to stop the spending .
praying for you , your husband , and your precious baby .
congress must stand up and be heard !
please endorse ted cruz , senator !
i believe that he knows exactly what he is doing and it is a very workable plan .
spending needs to be fixed .
lindsey , you are a total freakin &apos; idiot .
we need a &quot; new &quot; admin before it is too late .
hay lets get rid of epa and hls we would b safer and ballance the books
if impeachment isn &apos;t started for this i will start the petitions to have congressmen removed myself so we can get some that will do it .
obama is as low as they go
you , and those like you in congress , should have never caved on the original legislation that was passed .
he can tell us anything he wants cody , the problem is he can &apos;t make us believe it now .
this president is running our country and breaking whatever rules he see &apos;s fit ... why not impeach him or bring charges against him in some way ... what hold does he have on our congress and senate that they don &apos;t react .... we sure did with clinton and his little escapade !
rubio portman 2016 ?
reid wouldn &apos;t pass the bill and obama would veto it if they didn &apos;t get their way and blame pubs again if there was a shutdown , so what r they suppose to do to win huh
praying for the families of the church , the s.c. state and for the a.m.e. church family .
he has absolutely no business there .
obamacare has no redeeming qualities .
it is time the american people stood up for their rights .
why should he do that when congress doesn &apos;t stand up to him and with stroke of a pen he changes people &apos;s lives and not for the better
we could sure use 534 more constitutional congressmen with 100 % constitutional voting records like congressman thomas massie !
obama had it right in 2006 when he voted against raising the debt ceiling because failing to live within our means was a failure in leadership .
congress needs to do their job and stop this madness !
he &apos;s just going to blame republicans and those that don &apos;t agree with him .
men like you in dc give me hope for our nation &apos;s future !
this squabbling obama is doing with putin is childish bho is acting like a spoiled brat !
rino &apos;s such as mr. ryan , mitch mcconnell , and even mr. trump .. who is just another rino in a more expensive suit with a louder mouth than the rest , will not restore the republic ... and that is what we needed .
right on rita , vote no senator scott please
because taking prayer out of our schools has worked so well .
time to listen to constituents , and vote no on devos .
thanks for communicating to us senator lankford .
thanks paul ryan-- the new head of the better late than never bureau .
no government body should fear an audit unless they have something to hide .
sc voters we need to fire graham !
why are you not spending your time putting together another program that will work instead of offering nothing in place of this one ? ?
what &apos;s sad is that it should of never been part of the state flag .
congressman steven palazzo will you be joining mississippi state lawmakers in asking dr. wright to step down or not institute this policy ?
we have lost the country to obama and the demacrats , and its too far gone to get it back now .
if only obama can be impeached so that a possibly better man can be president .
i have no answers but many questions !
weak kneed , spineless jellyfish like boehner and mccain , who as far as i am concerned are just light socialists at worse or dem want to bes at best , are not needed in the republican party .
we need to stop talking about things in terms of liberal vs conservative or republican vs democrat .
god bless marsha blackburn in jesus name thy will be done .
because he loved the lord god creator and knew america was blessed when she followed his ways .
trump won in spite of paul ryan .
now how about we start discussing beginning the impeachment process on trump for violating the constitution ?
bush ignored our laws and made unconstitutional laws like the patriot act which set the pathway for obama to ignore our constitutional laws as well .
wtf rand ?
no pay raises for congress or &quot; joltin &apos; joe &quot; biden , mr. president .
how about you just continue to follow &quot; little johnny mccain &quot; around like a puppy dog and leave the sports predicting to someone else .
well written trey gowdy - sorry for your loss - god bless mrs. ezell for her wonderful way of touching lives .
thanks to you and rino ryan , we are going to have 4 more years of odumbass ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
you really think differently from me mr. lankford !
sir , with all due respect , your vote today approving the sale of f-16s with my tax dollars to the egyptian government tells me that you have sold your soul to the obama administration .
rubio and kemp ... a great combo
ocare is an illegal tax .
i do not agree with all of their views , but they took the debate .
where is tennessee standing with denial of refugee &apos;s ?
replace boehner and mitchell
ron and rand are politicians who are trying to advance their own careers--no different than any other politician .
i agree with you sen. thune , he was a remarkable man and truly had an unbelievable love for south dakota .
now we get to hear rush limbaugh excoriate mccain when a few years ago he was kissing his backside just because he was running against obama .
you are so right , mia !
william wood korean vet , tifton ga .
well mr. gowdy , in just 4 hours you &apos;ve struck over 5000 people &apos;s nerves here .
scott you are part of the problem in washington .
your so full of crap paul ryan , just resign already , how can you effectually be the speaker of the house when you at the same time were back stabbing candidate donald trump ?
you vote to maintain the status quo and reelect barry &apos;s rino supporter ! !
bottom line , if you cannot back the republican nominee then you have no business being affiliated with the gop !
thanks peter- i truly am just a simple inspired american that lived in sarasota / bradenton for a few years and watched as vern worked on the board at suntrust while many homeowners in that area lost their homes .
seems the majority of networks are more interested in keeping obama and his failed policies from being exposed by the truth !
a flat tax on income , regardless of its source .
censoring the peoples first amendment ... that &apos;s bad for a &quot; conservative &quot; congressman
too much government control ! !
how odd that today &apos;s republicans venerate a president whose deficit spending and tax increases are diametrically opposite to their position .
we do not need to start losing our liberties for temporary safety , martial law , nsa spying without warrants , and gun confiscation either .
my personal opinion is the evidence warrants at minimum full impeachment and removal from office of several people .
oh and thought # nevertrump talked to you and y &apos;all cleared the air .
i love you mia !
that number has increased since ronald reagan &apos;s top rate cuts in the early 1980s from around 33.4 % .
i am praying that this evil obamacare goes away .
please vote louis gohmert for speaker .
congressman thomas massie i find no fault in you quoting reagan .
scott , why can &apos;t we wish good fortune to both ?
i am extremely conservative but realize that my views are not shared by the majority of people in our country these days .
stay true to your constituents .
give &apos; em hell tom !
you traitors fail to mention the pain and suffering the amnesty will cause the american people and legal residents .
president obama &apos;s plan to grant amnesty to millions already living inside the united states will only further cement the one-way door between the two countries , as americans living under the poverty line struggle to support the influx of illegal immigrants .
@ ryan a muslim brotherhood would be a democratically chosen government for egypt .
why we didnt impeach obama is beyond me ... can we try to get our america back ? ? ?
society that turned away from our lord and our lady while demanding sanctions on russia that has one of the largest christian populations .
amazing that much of the tax code defines how one can legally not pay taxes .
big brother invasions to privacy , obama care and still no clear answers for benghazi .
god bless you and your family mia love .
we were well aware of it and he knew it but he &apos;s on the side of a communist takeover .
no , , if obama is for it , then we know it`s not good .. obama is not for america ...
@ doug , you mean like harry reid not giving even a hearing to any proposals for a budget , overdue for 4 yrs .
thom tillis i voted for you and i wanted to know why you voted in favor of taking 150 million from social security ?
thad cochran and roger wicker sure compromised on the arms for egypt deal .
hang in there rand paul we will sure need you to stand up for us in dc .
it is clear that your constituents do not support betsy devos .
indeed , just as passing obamacare has destroyed the democrats , not repealing the legislation will destroy republicans .
she is not qualified to run anything especially the department of education !
you should have voted no sir .
obama said to veto it again .
trey gowdy you can show your gratitude by continuing to steadfastly investigate hillary clinton and her corrupt foundation !
not only would i save money but the debt would come down .
no , vote no !
obama is the one spending it .
congress has nothing to do with whether obama wins or loses .
no how ! !
i enjoyed listening to you and senator thune yesterday in yankton .
tim , i &apos;m surprised you didn &apos;t follow mike lee and steve king
amen brother ! ! !
he should have already been replaced .
james , please do not give in to obama to let them give authority to read e-mails without a good reason .
our southern borders need to be reinforced , rebuilt .
we need insurance that people can afford to pay &amp; not have to free load off of others !
we need no tax on personal income .
being a patriot is standing in opposition to trump .
you are a republican and hold duty to your party above duty to your constituents or your country .
no congressman , you are not missing anything .
too late socialism is already started .
senator john mccain you receive a &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; f &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; , a big capital &quot; f &quot; !
aiding criminals isn &apos;t there a law that americans will go to jail for there actions in aiding and harboring criminals so what is this biased government people above the laws !
obama &apos;s selective editing always removes references to god !
conservatives were griping about bush spending too .
would rand consider being secretary of state under trump ?
yes , demand a vote against amnesty for illegal criminals !
also you guys know that mexico is only one small part of our immigration problem .
please tell republicans .. don &apos;t cave in on the sequester ... let obama deal with the mess he created !
common sense tells you that you cannot continue to spend more that you take in .
using drones and special forces to remove specific , dangerous targets is a lot smarter , cheaper , and healthier than having a hundred thousand of our folks invade a country that didn &apos;t attack us and then staying there for ten or twelve years .
start listening to your constituents and stop trying to pull the wool over their eyes .
the reason we are in a recession is because of government spending .
&apos; bout time we had a senator with guts
the more obama gets away with the further he goes !
yu know that christie is really a dem .
rand , check out james herbert harrison &apos;s new novel quest for power .
that &apos;s why republicans were elected to congress in 2010. the aca is a fabulous idea and one that will work if it is allowed into fruition .
cut until there is a balance between a minimal increase in the debt ceiling and the lowest possible level of discretionary spending .
yes the government needs more money is that what your saying johnny
we have your back , in prayers !
tenacious trey will find the truth !
under this proposal , internet stores need to deal with 1600 + taxing authorities .
you have a president who states to the country , i don &apos;t care what congress wants .. or the people ... i want this and they don &apos;t give me what i want ... i will go around them .. i will do what i want on my own ... to me ... that is an impeachable offense ! !
respect your opinion ted cruz !
well said steven keep them in the middle east .
i favor option b
mrs. devos has never attended a public school .
yeah , sounds about right to me - except they left out the part about how the administration has consistently lied about all of it !
federal spending is too high because the politicians have promised too much for the last 40 years and used the credit card to pay for much of it .
b ) they see obama coming right out and stating that he will ignore the constitution because &quot; i have a pen and a phone &quot; .
cap &amp; tax needs to go down to defeat quickly .
let the country boys get the hay out there
if you have any questions take a look at nigeria and south africa .
nicely put fred .
welcome to tennessee &quot; we &apos;re succeeding in tennessee , not because of your liberal policies , but in spite of them &quot; president obama visited chattanooga , tn today where he visited an amazon distribution center to announce his new jobs plan .
you &apos;re an establishment sell out
why cant you stop obama &apos;s damaging endeavors ? ? ?
mr. bilirakis ... if we as a country do not stop this treaty from happening we will be in more trouble than we are now .
yes praying too
if we do not close the borders this is coming soon to theatres in the usa .
get rid of the dept of education , dept of energy , cut the interior dept down only to the national park service , cut hhs by 2 / 3 , cut hud by 2 / 3 , and cut the irs by 2 / 3 .
how do these people get elected .... last time i checked spending money you dont have has always been a bad thing .
li &apos;l marco
it &apos;s a thumb in the eye of conservatives by the president .
trey for president next election ! ! !
trey gowdy you are one of the few good guys in dc that i trust .
im from idaho and would be proud to support mr. gowdy for president !
once upon a time i believed in you mr. ryan .
what all that has gotten us is $ 15,000,000,000,000 in debt !
also , we should evaluate all foreign aid and give it to countries that really deserve it .
did you forget to mention that he embraces illegal immigration and that we take more refugees than any country combined ?
it sounds to me like sen. barrasso is ready to join the revolution to defund the obama ( doesn &apos;t ) care lie .
god bless you trey gowdy god bless our military and god continue to bless america ...
senator inhofe , obama is not the man to take care of this matter .
i &apos;d move to sc just to vote for you .
i know coffman isn &apos;t a rino but the leadership is .
we have obama in office today because the gop still thinks that voters will &quot; know better &quot; .
when insurance premiums increase $ 700.00 or more a month for arkansas &apos; teachers you must vote to defund obama care !
you are not the wacko
do constitutional carry concealed in north carolina , cut the spending in d c .
remember one thing , these country &apos;s were taken over under our previous president &apos;s with no retaliation .
epa is a disaster .
i can &apos;t speak for bob .
obama who has closed the parks , mall , etc -- your party did that when you voted to shut down the govt .
tim never a good deal to trust terrorists !
stop the dictator now !
how many times do we have to say it before they get it ...... no to obama health care takeover ..
do not let them down , fund the zadroga act .
why is obama getting away with criminal activity ?
arrest politicians that intact policies that give drivers license and aid to illegals .
defund it , that is a solution .
this administration doesn &apos;t know the meaning of that word .... truth !
ronald reagan ... he was the first president i voted for ! !
i agree , senator mcconnell .
why they don &apos;t listen anyway
millions of dead children tom , then you and those in senate and house go on vacation .
mr. gowdy is the right man for the job ! !
senator rubio , i have a tremendous amount of respect for you but you are wrong .
marsha , you are a psuedo conservative .
if our eleted officials really care for we the people , you will replace boehner and the other gop leadership .
senator mccain is the &quot; wacko bird &quot; and thats the nicest thing i can say about him .
i do not have an opinion on the flag but i remember when i lived at the beach in de .
congress should have started impeachment process on obama already ?
mia , have you seen this report ?
i &apos;m writing in marco rubio for president !
no way , but jesus tells us that we should .
ah , why not just go to a one world socialist government now and cut out the red tape .
i sincerely hope that you will do whatever it takes to stop obama from trying to take our guns .
it is inconceivable to me that he signed this without notifying hsa , tsa or immigration / customs with some sort of guidance as to how it was to be enforced .
come on .... you really believe that this congress actually cares what we the people think ? ?
what have the establishment republicans done to stop him .
i guess being a good liar is a requirement to be part of this administration
what if islam were the main religion of the united states and s / he is made to pray or listen to prayer with islamic slant at school ?
worthless cowardly hearings , trey gowdy ?
i &apos;m appalled at obama for not recognizing the consequences of announcing amnesty and his do nothing border policies .
andhe doesn &apos;t have the authority to do so anyway ! ! !
charlie , spoken like a true obama supporter .
the president needs congress approval to activate the army , air force and navy but not the marines .
if you are not going to be a champion for north carolina families , you should at least be honest about your motives .
&apos; the border surge amendment introduced by senators corker and hoeven is designed to help us regain over sovereignty . &apos;
he should give out free guns since hes so into spending money and handouts .... and resign ... before hes impeached or the entire country revolts against this tyranical governement .
so true , and merry christmas and god bless
thanks alot for selling out america !
i cant wait for 2016. rubio all the way .
send every one of them to the border .
ask obama and his cronies joanie kyle
god bless you and my prayers are with you .
mrs. devos has no experience with public schools , her answers during the hearing highlighted huge gaps in the knowledge she surely should have to preside over the department of education , and there is much evidence that charter schools do not increase students achievement , among other shortcomings .
during the communist era , the communist parties of the soviet union and of the warsaw pact , had the best health insurance plans for their party elite , for the members of the politburo , the kgb , and the communist party .
listen to your constituents and start listening to your messages .
god will be your defender mr. higgins .
i don &apos;t need decisive slogans , conservative , christian , constitutional all b.s.
tim scott , we have a pastor ( greg surratt ) who has set a great example of humble service to our great god .
for instant goose bumps and a real presidential speech listen as president reagan pounds the first hammer into the berlin wall : http : / / youtu.be / 5mdfx-dntsm
thanks mr. ryan , i had about give up hope on you being the gentlemen i had admired and known .
my vote goes for trey
you should be leading the fight against this administration to defend this republic and our constitution .
what more damage can obama do , he has already put more debt on the american people than the next 6 generations can repay .
might as well put us in there earning your paycheck ryan .
well rand if your statement is one of conviction , fight to get rid of the electoral college and put the power back into the american publics hands .
you said to us , give us the house , the senate and we can stop obama &apos;s decimation of america .
wish they were here now to fix this mess .
obamacare has nothing to do with the budget .
has become , keep up the good work and may god bless you and our country .
you guys hate obama or obama care , which we voted in , and your punishing us , the taxpayers , ?
he would love for them to cross the line and challenge his authority .
instead of asking us , why dint you say what you think !
clean up congress first and then deal with the president and all his executive orders .
rubio is facing some adversity right now and that is a good thing , he will grow and show strength .
i never thought the confederate flag had a real place on government grounds .
as your fellow senator , lindsey graham , pointed out , this order will be used to recruit new isis members .
the economy is still being trashed by obama and he is giving our money away as fast as he can to everyone else !
why are they arming a country that is most likely to be our next enemy ?
irs &quot; scandal &quot; .
&quot; those who wished to oppose the speaker should have done so then . &quot;
so your solution is to blame obama ?
prayers for all those involved .
it may be too late by the time you get to the bottom of it ....
marsha , demand that he prosecute the people paying for the child trafficking along with the traffickers .
mr. senator rand paul , i have nothing but respect for you and believe you should go down in history as one of the best senators ever .
until there is a treaty on paper you as a lawmaker not the executive are not suppose to be part of the process .
wish israel would just let gaza be its own country .
those &quot; founding principles &quot; that you speak of tom mcclintock , is what has made our country tick all of these years .
i am very disappointed in our government tonight .
now that obama has socialized it , watch how fast the quality goes downhill .
it &apos;s time for men to become men and take a stand for the people they serve .
senator , is there any reason you would not support the fair tax hb 25 ?
all of the legislative branch need to stand up to obama and tell him no more syrians allowed and then put the ones already here on boats back home .
trey sometimes i think that you are the only one that realy knows what the hell they are talking about , along with the facts to back it up .
tom mcclintock is a rare breed , an honest politician .
he already did mess with first responders and now he is telling people not to vote for trump or cruz or else .
i agree 100 % that ta needs reinstated .
how many millions have the obamas spent on their vacations ? ? ? ? ? ?
medicare part b was gutted by obamacare .
we are keeping the fires burning down in south florida marco !
how about i resign
they effectively serve for live because congress and the president don &apos;t have the intestinal fortitude to remove them for bad behavior .
forget all the debates , the manipulating of statements , etc .. get out and vote- conway is an old time democrat- we don &apos;t need any more party votes for obama .
vern is just another weasel , he avoids answering any questions about immigration / amnesty .
trey gowdy would be excellent as speaker !
lindsey , i appreciate your sentiments , but i just have to tell , as a south carolinian , i feel sanford betrayed our trust when he lied about where he was and none of his people knew how to get in touch with him while he was away .
the american people are counting on congressmen like you , senator ted cruz , united states senator mike lee , louie gohmert .
for a brief moment , understand that you &apos;ve done nothing more than promote your name , and throw utah under the bus to do so .
why should any of us pay taxes anymore if you can &apos;t be trusted to spend it wisely ?
you cannot &quot; go along to get along &quot; we the people will be watching and we will remember .
they are going to come up with tons of excuses as to why it can &apos;t happen immediately , there are too many issues interwoven with the legislation , we need a replacement plan , whatever .... the fact is that obamacare is a huge source of revenue that they will be unwilling to stop .
bruce poliquin is a mainer for mainers ! ! !
i will be promoting you until 2016. god bless and continue to fight the good fight .
please do what you can to get rid of boehner and other republican leaders who support obama &apos;s illegal actions !
vice president material ... great representation , tim !
i will continue to pray for you , because you are a man who worships the money changers in the temple and , instead of turning over the tables , you pull up and chair and participate .
come on marsha , we &apos;re rooting for you and you keep stepping in it .
your vote for devos will be my reason to vote you out .
because the dems know that the republican will cave .
articles of impeachment should be filed immediately in the house .
obama should be impeached for his actions while in office ! !
john boehner , as the republican leader and speaker of the house , is the best friend obama could have .
i wish you would resign !
the president is on limited time we will vote him out .
repeal is not a fix it is extortion !
# teammitch # zadroga # worstresponders
obama needs to be gone asap .
satan is a congressman who tells you they can balance a budget by merely cutting revenue .
we have the weak rinos to depend on like tpp , the budget and immigration .
nicholas , you hit the nail on the head with that statement
would love to stay and chat , but i must be on my way to work ... so many wasteful politicians are depending on me ... edited to add : and all those illegal aliens mike wants to give amnesty to .
i &apos;ve called mcconnell .
the constitution you fought for .
and obamacare was not something this nation could afford financially .
i used to think that you had class , rand .
mr goodlatte , are you drinking the unscientific &quot; fearbola &quot; koolade , too .
no obamacare !
what is a good internet feed for fox news ?
we , the american deplorables , do not care about what happened 11 years ago !
people wanted a change , so they voted for obama .
many of us feel like our freedom is being infringed upon .
20 million people in our country now have healthcare thanks to aca and they need it !
and congress let him do it !
and , boehner is officially , and solidly re-elected as speaker again .
the irs has been used to punish those not in power for years by both parties .
insanity is defined as repeating the same thing and expecting a different outcome ..... do you really expect the president to sign the repeal bill , if so , that is insanity .
congress- spineless
god really does answer prayers !
good man sen shelby
i hope you will have some way to bring down the cost on the ones that were jacked up to help pay for the obamacare .
this turmoil happens when you have no presidential leadership .
i don &apos;t.understand you mccain .
please johnny make it even plainer for people what your intent is for today &apos;s cloture vote .
the american people are not stupid and they are not going to believe that republicans voting to shut off debate somehow want to defund obamacare .
obama and john sullivan are laws unto themselves .
we all need to take back this country from the liberal loons that are trying to run it ... run it into the ground .
we impeached a president for lieing to the american people for something as small as watergate .... and he wasn &apos;t impeached for the crime ... he was impeached for lying !
lindsey graham is the problem .
i agree with mr. rubio that we can &apos;t lump all middle eastern countries into one pot .
how in the world can you call yourself a conservative .
what does israel have to do with government mandated health insurance ?
be very very careful at how much political suck you give this one mia i supported and donated to your elections and reelection causes and so don &apos;t blow it now !
hooray , there may be a patriot in the senate after all , and the rest had better join him ! !
you are right , mia .
i &apos;m sure you realize that betsy devos is not qualified for the position that she has been nominated for .
also why are the candidates taking up for terrible questions and bad debate with little to no information .
i &apos;ve got questions about your support for aca repeal .
the president is not picking and choosing what cuts should be made .
we need more people like john boozman willing to say &quot; no &quot; to socialist take over of our country .
my father was born and raised in cuba .
actually its clear you are choosing to shutdown the government if you can &apos;t get your way on defunding obamacare , which is not going to happen .
does he really think he will be rewarded for his being a turncoat ?
@ john thomas - how about incentivising spanish immigrants to learn english so leaders like rand don &apos;t have to ?
conservative voters are wising up and you just lost a ton of credibility and respect by issuing this press release .
needs investigated and impeachment and jailing put into action this has been the most corrupt administration i have known , more so than the nixon watergate .
stephane why are you not repealing obamacare if you voted against it ?
to mr vern buchanan why should put our military in land or county that do not us in first place .
senator marco rubio seems to meet the definition , don &apos;t you think ?
legalize marijuana n get rid of obama n you would never have to ever worry bout re election
please do not compromise with mr. obama and senator reid .
i wonder if it had been a little league game at a ball field in sumter , or cheraw , or anderson or any other small town in sc if you would be so cold and hate filled .
just tell hagan and burr , that their lack of support to the north carolina people are no longer needed , since they have done everything in their power to hurt the north carolina citizens .
when i saw this a few hours ago i told my husband immediately saying &quot; yay &quot; because we both still have our marco rubio stickers on our cars .
please keep fighting for increased liberty !
obama is making it hard to purchase ammo for the guns .
but , until then ... god help us .
the man taught constitutional law .
john , you have good common sense .
awesome display mr. paul !
please stop obozo before he destroys america .
computer security logs from mrs. clinton &apos;s private server , records that showed no evidence of foreign hacking , according to people close to a federal investigation into mrs. clinton &apos;s emails .
republicans in both the senate and house of representatives should be fighting to keepi george bush &apos;s tax cuts ... lowering government spending ... improving our security .
heh , why no mention from franks of the two unfunded wars ( that the children of republican chicken hawks never seem to enlist in ) and the bush tax cuts ?
stop this president who wants to make himself a dictator .
they follow their leader obama !
bush kept cutting taxes and we kept losing jobs .
potus usually goes over our laws and decisions of senate and congress because he feels he is above anything and everything .
i can &apos;t say the same for some other republican congressmen , especially the house leader .
i support james lankford because he is a man of god .
&quot; republicans also seek $ 430 billion worth of cuts to medicare , though the joint framework drops the controversial plan from rep. paul ryan ( r-wis . ) that offered seniors the chance to use subsidies to purchase private insurance .
you are one classy lady , mia .
you need to impeach obama .
we better fall to our knees and pray before we fall as a country .
the isis is doing just what he wants them to do , because he is saying and doing nothi
shame on any one of you guys that shun him ! ! ! !
why keep giving our money way .... where is the common sense from the other congressmen ....
so thankful for leaders like you mia : - )
especially with obama wanting exclusive say over which &quot; police &quot; get military surplus !
obama promised no new taxes .
prayers from georgia - we love you in christ and stand with you in support of all life !
you allow him to aid the enemy , you allow him to spend the riches of yhe people you his own advantage .
if gb was so bad why hasn &apos;t obama closed it and why does he keep sending troops to iraq and afganastan .
refusing to raise the debt limit is deliberately breaking those laws .
i would love to hear him say ... &quot; i am resigning ! ! ! &quot;
ask him if he believes the potus is legal .
mike crapo , what a perfect name for a rino traitor .
i know the rinos are going to find a way to give the deal to obama - please expose them when they do.t
doug - you are so full of it .
wake up people it will not get better unless we take it back from the tyrants .
do not cave on amnesty !
my family and i pray for you , your husband and the little baby growing inside you .
stand with them as insert our military to back the non-chavez supporting portion of the military that will not be in control ?
the thing i wonder about is why congressman coffman thought this is a topic worth posting about ?
do it johnny .
what is your opinion now that the fbi changed to not so guilty ? ?
it &apos;s time for you yahoos in washington do what we sent you there to do ... stop giving obama more power .
deport the current illegals and then begin to protect our borders .
recall this senator to south carolina and keep him here , appoint trey gowdy to this position until we have a special election .
senator marco rubio--right
better yet , what country should you move to if you cannot see what he is doing to destroy our great country .
bengazi , economy , his fix for the health care issues , wefare reduction , the stoppage of $ aid to countries that hate the usa , sending illegals thru proper channels for citizenship !
my sen. mcconnell should hold the line and force passage to make obama show where he really stands and not let him rule like a king .
no cloture on the resolution though , right ?
i am not trying to be harsh , but i have lost any faith that you guys will stand up against this lawless administration .
you go sir !
so , how do you plan to balance it ?
on monday march 11 , 2013 , congress is beginning impeachment proceedings against barack obama .
first ... lindsey you already lost the primary , second ... you will not be picked for vp .
all i can say is that marsha blackburn is a person who lacks compassion and empathy .
it &apos;s time to replace everyone in washington dc , don &apos;t vote for any incumbents ! ! !
i have to agree with rand on this if we old have opened trade relations with them 30 years ago , they wouldn &apos;t have a dictatorship today .
we are from ky
wish you were president , tim !
- fails to secure american borders permitting terrorists to enter the country and criminals !
my pay has gone down , cost of living has gone up and taxes have gone up and will continue to go up w obamacare .
rand paul , marco rubio &amp; ted cruz are the new faces of the republican party , please start representing us !
got get rid of guys like mitch mcconnell and speaker john banierd .
on this day in 1836 texas declared it &apos;s independence from mexico ... as an independent republic !
and may god bless you too , senator scott .
also , a button on the second site has a way to send a message to obama at the white house .
repeal the individual mandate ! !
.we don &apos;t want to replace it ... just make it go away and let freedom ring !
sir , you have been awfully quiet about the issues since your arrival in dc .
so johnny , are you a cheap political hack , or a quack &quot; doctor &quot; ?
get with the program , mr. mcclintock .
thanks ben i think you are a voice that needs to be heard and is a voice for reason .
impeach that man if you can call him a man !
why else can govs and presidents override prisoners on death row .
and i wondered if butt kissing harry &quot; the heinrich himmler &quot; nazi gestapo traitor reid was worth selling out this nation .. signed .. a mom against obama in california cloture vote .. &quot;
appology to sen ted cruse .
you do not represent me or the great citizens of south carolina .
the people who are left behind but then accept jesus , as lord will not be like us .
lots of &lt; 3 trey gowdy !
if he doesn &apos;t then the house should issue articles of impeachment !
and may god bless you , also .
what is so bad in obamacare that harry has to protect the president from ?
i agree with you senator paul .
i can &apos;t understand how some republican people ( or attached to conservative values ) did not vote at all , giving a decisive advantage to obama ... rather any republican ( even libertarian ) than a democrat
obamacare , obama , our f-16 &apos;s to egypt , abrams tanks to egypt , 16.4 trillion dollars in debt , he can not prove he was born in america , fast and furious , this man is not one of us , impeach him for treason not tomorrow but 3.5 years ago !
and god bless you john mic cain
liberty i think it may be a different vote than that .
if we are being forced to enroll so should all those exempted by reid , pelosi , obama and the others ! !
obama can save us ... he just needs unlimited authority .
ok , so im totally confused ... why did you vote yes on the omnibus with out taking out funding for executive amnesty .
please change your position and vote no on devos
no -- defund it now !
we in the bamanation are standing tall and praying for a health speedy recovery .
why should boehner be the one to pick his successor ?
mr yoho have you work on geting rid of cuban embargo thais worthess think of the cuban people the hunger they suffer every day
and that was just the beginning of his run away deficit spending spree .
no longer a fan after you endorsed pro-amnesty / open borders , constitution trashing marco rubio .
so tell them all to quit talking and balance !
praying everyday for you !
i hope you &apos;ll encourage your colleagues , including florida senator marco rubio , to co-sponsor this legislation and get it to the floor .
not getting my vote , turncoat , embarrassment to south carolina .
its a bad bill like obama care .
the president does not play by the rules , he lies and does what he wants .
rep. huizenga = please understand what the people really want .... a balanced budget .
this has been a complete failure of mitch mcconnell .
keep buying the votes obama , it &apos;s your only chance .
you have no courage of conviction .
take a look at the clinton yrs ... stop spending so much energy whining about taxes and start beating on your congressmen to pass the nat gas act and speed up access to clean burning , cheap , domestically produced compressed nat gas for transport .
mr. mccain i am often not on your side of things , but i couldn &apos;t agree more with your post !
help us lee
retire now john , let a true patriot have your seat , we are through with you !
the people of south carolina are lucky to have you .
however , i &apos;m getting really tired of your co-workers bailing on him ... paul ryan , etc .
rand , i sure hope your not all talk .
he just wants his pension .
your are such a dork just be quiet-your not your dad
i do not know a lot about hr 807 , but if it is a republican sponsored bill , i doubt they will allow the debt limit to rise .
i already early voted for you and pray you have a landslide win .
he is destroying our country
awesome precedent now when cruz is prez he can use executive order to dissolve obamacare the epa the dea and the hhs i yes and stop foreign oil , and cut taxes and out term limits on half the corrupocrats in washington !
it &apos;s time to begin serving the country , vern .
without having a well thought out plan to replace the aca before repealing it is completely irresponsible .
i think the same action taken to defund government agencies acting on unilateral or unconstitutional actions by obama needs to be taken .
but even using standard measures of how tax cuts affect revenues , the fact is the bush reductions in the two top tax brackets are the least expensive part of his cuts .
speaker of the house lacks audacity title 18 of the united states code http : / / en.wikipedia.org / wiki / title _ 18 _ of _ the _ united _ states _ code
mr mc clintock- my patriots are mcclintocks ! ! !
do not cave in to them
it is not good for americans and obama has lied about all facets of the bill !
so i say , so long bye bye establishment from we the people
@ john mccain .
he continues to move us to a socialist state where there is more dependence on government .
he needs to read the constitution , congress does get to decide what to fund or not fund .
i &apos;m tired of obama .
thus our national debt will go up , aid to american students will shrink ( while former illegals will get free money for college ) , everything the government does or says will likely &quot; go spanish &quot; at another cost , and our elderly will see their social scurity and medicare benefits shrink .
not capabale of helping our country it seems we can do nothing about it !
i thought a fellow &quot; country boy &quot; would have conservative roots .
tom , i &apos;ve been following the irs investigation and testimony and i hear everyone saying &quot; we need to make sure it doesn &apos;t happen &quot; and &quot; we need to fix this . &quot;
if it was called reagan care they would love it .
my new supposed conservative rep garrett graves voted for boehner as did most newbies .
this rests squarely on obama .
remarkable christian and american .
why do you spend time asking these stupid questions instead of trying to do something about it ?
you all are in our prayers !
yeah ... and we need to retire old worthless rinos who are on the hook to special interest groups .
georgia deserves better than this !
now next time vote cantor for speaker instead of boehner !
marco you would be the best v.p.and the country needs you let there be no mistake about that .
rand wake up
you are an amazing person marco .
you &apos;re in washington dc .. help sarah palin , rand paul and ted cruz fix it !
don &apos;t you find it rather disturbing that senator reid has no respect for your constituents ?
most of our government has forgotten this .
please say yes to a cr .
he represents my christian values and defends our constituion and the principles this country was founded on in congress and washington dc .
msnbs will never cover it because it makes obama look bad .
aiding egypt is aiding our end .
if you are compelled to see it you can at gavin seim for liberty
food stamps , welfare , etc just so they can live without working .
i only hope you have to go on obamacare yourself ..
glad to have someone fighting the fight mr. paul .
i think kevin is getting a little touchy .
may god bless you greatly for your efforts ...
when he screams and hollers ; then tax him some more , tax him till he &apos;s good and sore .
impeach obama why your at it .
you lost on obamacare .
rand , we really do need a libertarian candidate .
kerry is a back stabbing pathological liar that has his head so far up obama &apos;s butt that he wouldn &apos;t know how to smell the roses !
shouldn &apos;t everybody know that the drug war and the criminalization of addiction are a very expensive conservative response to this national problem ?
excellent summation by mr. mcclintock !
based on that and almost everything else he said , i cannot believe he &apos;s not been kicked out of the party yet .
well then you need to clean house in washington .
if they listed it as collateral then let them take it .
we have the time what we don &apos;t have is a good government .
praying for you and for our country
the only problem is the gov not enforcing its existing immigration law on those who break immigration law .
you supported crappy candidates such as dole , mccain and romney and look where we are .
thanks for serving us well marsha !
that means he is in charge of the military .
i want to know why you voted not to defund egypt ! ! ! !
from trump &apos;s twitter : the joint statement of former presidential candidates john mccain &amp; lindsey graham is wrong - they are sadly weak on immigration .
i can &apos;t believe you voted to send jets to known terrorist !
sorry flake you blew it
it is in direct violation of the constitution , freedom to practice religion
bush , reagan , lincoln , lbj , washington
i am praying our next president will honor these words !
obama was on the offensive the entire time and romney spent most of his time defending / negating what obama had previously said .
mr. walden , you quit working for the little guy along time ago .
ben sasse is a perfect example of an establishment politician , all talk and no action .
they will probably be found in some syrian cave before obama and hillary come clean on benghazi .
mia , you are the prettiest and , i dare say , the smartest lady in congress .
duh bob you only vote for you not for anything that &apos;s helps your constituents like pay the soliders fighting our freedom , police and fireand ems people protecting your constituents homes and well being ! ! !
sounds to me like obama is the yankee turd .
mia you need to help fire all these idiots
tim scott please show us that you do really care about us getting jobs and come post known job fairs or open positions .
# standwithrand # letranddebate
i believe he will split nothing but lies , continue to pat himself on the back and push his delusional agendas .
what about just have some common sense get them isis out of our country if you know they are here just to kill .
kind of a no brainer vern !
it is time that all of you that wear the banner of being a republican stand in strong voice to denounce this marxist move among others that obama has done .
mr gowdy , the left will criticize you no matter what you do here .
vern my father was drafted in 1942. he was 25 years old .
i would be in favor of a flat tax across the board ... absolute fairness to all at a given percentage ... curbing insider incentives and irs abuses as we wouldn &apos;t need anyone deciding who is &quot; exempt &quot; for particular reasons .
you &apos;re the only person in washington i trust at all ... they are the wackos .
it funds planned parenthood which as a christian is against our beliefs and i would hope yours .
i really like sensor mccain in most instances .
i have already posted for them to select trey gowdy as leader !
it is time to hold our government responsible .
obama was clever covering his own butt when he chose him for 2012 !
johnny what is this new faa regulation on the internet why is it we the people have no say in any of these regulations against our freedom
he thinks this is his kingdom and down with the constitution .
so sorry tom tillis listen to the american people trump all the way !
the only reason you are hearing a clamor to defund obamacare is because of the intentional misinformation campaign by the right .
! crapo ( r-id ) cruz ( r-tx ) enzi ( r-wy ) fischer ( r-ne ) grassley ( r-ia ) heller ( r-nv ) inhofe ( r-ok ) lee ( r-ut ) moran ( r-ks ) paul ( r-ky ) portman ( r-oh ) risch ( r-id ) roberts ( r-ks ) rubio ( r-fl ) scott ( r-sc ) sessions ( r-al ) shelby ( r-al ) toomey ( r-pa ) vitter ( r-la )
i like my freedoms too much not to be with the 2 / 3 .
i belive martha stout said &quot; we are all a little crazy . &quot;
my ideal is that you will be the speaker of the house .
we the people don &apos;t need more taxes or want the internet tax
how about doing the right thing and moving oklahoma away from the worst education in the country and move teachers pay up so not to be at the bottom for that
there is no such thing as permanent tax rates , unless we adopt the fair tax
i went to get w-2 forms from the okla. city irs and left my purse in the car .
boehner is spineless ... you voted for him ? ? ?
i am a south carolina voter .
alex king , how much does the government spedn to not keep people out of their own homes ?
&quot; once the amnesty takes place for the latin americans , then they will get ready for the next wave of illegals , which will be the tens of millions of muslims who are going to be flooding into the u.s. , especially egyptians and palestinians . &quot;
the government ( obama ) continues to bring thousands of refugees from syria primarily , when almost everyone in his administration that has anything to do with managing security agencies and departments has told him we cannot vet or investigate them .
first by getting rid of this rediculous common core .
complete the border fence , enforce our existing immigration laws , and deport the invaders before the populace rises up as in lawrenceville va. and murrieta ca .
i am fine with this is it also involves locking up john mccain , lyndsay graham and the rest of the neocon lot who supports al-queda in libya and syria .
praying you have a lot of support and this is the beginning !
prayers being sent to the thune family !
you have given the obama administration every thing he has wanted and i am sick and tired of it .
it &apos;s past time , have the military arrest obama and kick out the demoncrap ruling elite .
i think it &apos;s time for mccain to retire anyway .... the sooner the better ! !
why did the house pass these bills and the senate has recessed for 5 weeks .
someone has to stand firm .
we hope that you will stand in the face and stand in the way of this wrong turn for america .
vote no on internet sales tax .
ronnie reagan .
what is shameful is that so many conservatives have been duped by the likes of fox and the kochs .
this is in total opposition to our constitution dictates .
... if not , at least obama !
you cannot trust a word obama says .
if he would have been running guns to the cartels he would have been impeached .
public schools are not failing our children ; government has failed our schools .
we do not want any form of &quot; amnesty &quot; no { normalization } no pathway period ! !
why isn &apos;t obama being impeached ? ? ? ? ?
no amnesty period .
i sure hope sen. gowdy that you read everyone of these comments and realize how much faith the american people don &apos;t have .
lord bless you and your family as he has blessed us with your presence in congress .
thank yoiu froyour dilligent work rand ! !
but please understand that social security is not an entitlement , it is earnings , and haircuts , shoe shines , and lofty vacations in lofty hotels are entitlements - not to mention that your obamacare plan should be exactly what every other american &apos;s is
no tricks .
don &apos;t loose site of that cruz and lee ...
way to jump on board after he was elected .
thought that was all out in the open that missouri does not want obamacare , wants it defunded and cut , and planned parenthood defunded ?
a year-to-year tax rate battle certainly isn &apos;t fair to americans , no matter what the rates are .
we pray you vote no for devos !
if being called a &quot; wacko &quot; means standing up for the constitution of the united states of america then i &apos;d take it as a compliment .
you are and have continuously been a true represenatative of the citizens of the great state of georgia .
the president is evil .
oh yea roy the boy is a punk too &gt;
every lobby wants federal spending , but you do not have a constitutional mandate to give them my money .
congratulations bruce .
mia you would be positive of every thing !
i thint the goverment should make us pay a 10 % tax on the taxes we already pay .
and congressmen take an oath to protect our constitution and represent the people that elected them .
why did you vote for boehner ?
how do we impeach him ?
the time that it takes for his motorcade and 5 other dummy motorcades was absolutely insane !
sorry jerry , not believing your logic here .
ha ha ... at least he didn &apos;t take the low road and smear dr. paul like jack conway did .
so quit trying to blame the gop for not signing on to the senate bill because everyone knows it &apos;s a joke anyway just like our president who thinks he &apos;s an emperor .
it is time to take our country back from this tyrant who is tearing apart the very fabric of this nation .
honestly , i believe he is the establishment stooge .
love you mia ..... continue your fight for the conservative christians in this country .
i don &apos;t go with &quot; something is better than nothing &quot; ... we have tn cow fields full of that !
this country has gone down the marxist sewer !
unless the spineless gop stand up to these liberals we &apos;ll never see another gop president , this country is screwed !
the american people expect action and not just talk .
go mia love , but from a liberal point of view , you have to be an uneducated white racist male because you dare to critcize obama !
it took 3 days to go 180. god bless america .
the congress and senate have the power of impeachment to stop him .
tried to pass the patriot act and you failed at that .
the government can not keep spending and givng to other countries and expect the us to be prosperous and get us out of this mess that we are in .
the problem is the spending .
true sen. rubio
why are the rpublicans working on repealing obamacare ?
&quot; respect the constitution and recognize the authority for action in syria must come from congress &quot; or &quot; president obama is abdicating his responsibility as commander-in-chief and undermining the authority of future presidents .
he is an honest man who cares &amp; a true conservative !
they better start or the next election we will start sending them packing !
oh , i see , you &apos;re just spouting more conservative vs. liberal crap .
thats the problem with mccain .
he can &apos;t say that because he has no godly faith .
no aid can take the place of a political resolution that gives the syrian people the chance to rebuild their country , but it can help desperate people to survive . &quot;
uh , no
you &apos;ll do nothing about this or any other flaunting of the law or constitution that the wh ignores .
this obamacare is going to be another , tax burden on hard working americans .
it is absolutely evil .
i hope if not that cruz or rubio if there is not a third party candidate , then rubio .
i do hope you will vote for the house-passed cr that defunds # obamacare !
how about getting rid of obama care and entitlements
senator graham , i truly appreciated you for standing up to speak out against the recent executive order limiting immigration .
when unemployment is 8.5 % , it &apos;s no time to start firing government employees .
like i said , i won &apos;t be responding to any of tim &apos;s or kelly &apos;s posts in a manner where i &apos;m addressing them personally until they learn how to do more than call conservatives names .
your job is to serve all the people of georgia , including our smallest and most precious citizens .
you are our true president , lets make it official in 2016. god bless you sir .
please do not exclude throwing the illegals out ... if they get amnesty we will just have millions more rushing the borders to get in while they can .... if you cannot provide a ss number and a certified birth certificate then you should not be working or receiving anything from the us government ! !
you folks have had eight &#91; 8 &#93; years to work on improvements and to date all that you have produced are attempts to repeal and / or defund it .
all done by design sir .
i hope john thune will be a leader in the quest to create well-paying jobs before south dakota falls behind in economic growth .
and impeachable for anyone sworn to the constitution
for crying out loud override the veto .
i hate obama mr. mccain , please do something
stand with mike lee , cruz .
unlike you i know hazlett , mises , rand , hobbes , mill , lock , montesquieu , allison , keynes , smith , plato , and the various other classical and neo-classical works which helped create this western civilization .
keep doing your job , vern .
senator enzi , this is just one more instance where you have sold your soul to the republican party and it proves that you have no regard for the people of the state that you were elected to represent .
you lost my vote you rino .
that would be ok if the president were just signing and vetoeing bills , but he is running interference as to what he wants and make decisions without congress ... not good ...
todd young .... mccain may have served , may have been a pow , may be a wounded veteran ; however , he has done nothing good for our veterans or our country .
and all the illegals get full coverage .
i am a republican and i also don &apos;t want our government shut down , have no problem with the aca and wonder why our party can &apos;t just come up with ways to fix any flaws with the aca .
1 ) ronald reagan - and he &apos;s dead .
while this is a nice start , i &apos;m sure we all know that cutting off foreign aid isn &apos;t going to happen .
amen , i do agree
i also was not happy that you voted for boehner .
where , anywhere in any documents of any part of our government , or in any of the teachings of god - in any religion , does it say that : anybody is accountable to the usa ?
we are tired of the same old political games .... will you put the welfare of arkansas above the gop ?
truly education and history have eluded any who have voted for this evil and may god have mercy on your souls ! ! !
the republicans have their own plan ready to go and will be voted on soon and sent to the senate where reid will just sit on it like every other bill from the house .
the sequester does not cut spending , it only cuts the amount of increased spending .
all of you in d. c. have the power to stop or change what this president keeps doing .
we trade with russia and china both communist oppressive regimes .
blind tea party nut jobs is why utah is so backwards !
i once again stated , congressman zeldin must demand a full and transparent investigation of the trump administration &apos;s contacts with russia .
i don &apos;t understand why you establishment republicans don &apos;t get what is going on in the party and with the people .
keep doing your thing rand .
we already have local control in wyoming .
we truly appreciate all you do for us congressman franks .
this was so true .. thank god for rand and ron paul who are honest and decent no matter what !
a very blessed thanksgiving to you and yours mr. gowdy and i am thankful that you work so hard to defend our constitution which defend all america ! !
it &apos;s incredible to me that you would support him taking money away from the people who have fought to protect our freedoms and turn around and spend millions on building a wall .
give em hell ... standing with rand !
keep up the good work rand - people don &apos;t want the truth but the truth will set them free from the grips of govt !
treason = impeachment !
they can shut up obama and make themselves look good in the process if they just do their jobs .
i appreciate you standing with we the people in spite of the fact a majority of the representatives didn &apos;t have the intestinal fortitude to stand for what their constituents wanted .
now it &apos;s time to get some leadership with a spine and get rid of boehner .
he &apos;s going to shove those illegal immigrants down our throats too-- with mitch mcconnell right there at his side .
lets pray that it is a one time incident .
did he vote for cloture ie allowing it to go to the floor where we didnt have enough votes to stop it ?
i work in a nursing home none the less we feel your lies and deception obama you need to go your tab is up .
i am not a resident of sc , however i am thankful that you and senator mccain are displaying leadership and a love of country over partisanship .
you are no reagan and never will be , reagan was a real american !
another one on obama payroll
as in the ronald reagan days .
great to get a libertarian in there rand !
for the sake of america , impeach trump .
fbi director james comey tells lawmakers the agency hasn &apos;t changed its opinion that hillary clinton should not face criminal charges after a review of new emails .
a friend of ron paul is a friend of mine !
its time to admit you blew it big time on immigration , betrayed your base in a power grab , regain your honor and resign
repeal the current regime ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
now that you all have a new tax and even though it was not the republicans that voted it in .
rand paul to john kerry : if it was wrong to bomb cambodia without congress &apos;s approval , why is bombing libya without approval okay ?
unn i thank u rand for what u r doing today i have gained a lot of respect for u today thank u for protecting r rights if u run in 2016 u may have my vote
you could vote on a budget to keep the government running without adding the stipulation to delay obamacare couldn &apos;t you ?
and sen. rand paul seems ok with this .
to me , you were perhaps the last chance our country had at a truly libertarian candidate with a reasonable chance of being elected .
remember he amnesty thing ?
we sent republicans to washington to stand strong !
wish you and the other republican elites had realized that a long time ago
wacko bird for president ! ! !
the hell with obama , look at all obama has done to our america .
tim hiser maybe you should actually read the entire bill before you start throwing stones .
people lisa murkowski is lying .. she knew a vote for cloture was a vote for obamacare ... she just didn &apos;t think we were paying attention .. those of you thanking her are proving her right !
the 24 rino backstabbers who have betrayed america and subverted the constitution deserve scorn .
i don &apos;t know their is an answer but if we honor god in all we do , uphold our word , pay our debt , and sincerly work hard i believe god will respond .
if congress won &apos;t act as he wants , then he will do it himself .
and it likely has taken nebraska this long to sort through the problem because they recognize they are above the ogallala aquifer a resource far too precious to risk on this pipeline .. and nebraska still hadn &apos;t figured out how to handle it to date .
however , not to the detriment of our citizens , our economy , and our founding principles of christianity .
if we don &apos;t , i propose the question we will be answering is , &quot; are we capable of leading the world , and if so , should we ?
yeah they are tired of people like you running the government
i like many of the sierra folks have to pay a special tax for out firef dangers .
i am ashamed he is from tn
nice english bob .
they are almost as power hungry as the irs which needs to go away too .
mr gowdy get with congress put a stop to obama wasting tax money on refugees the american people are tired of this
but don &apos;t ask him what he thinks of you .
and if senator mccain ( and graham ) is against rand , he must be doing something correct ..
ironic how obama is turning the american dream into a nightmare .
we really love you so much , trey gowdy !
those who demand his impeachment are asking to set one of the worst legal precedents in our history : any constitutionally ineligible thug can come along and buy his way into the white house .
many prayers mr scott
blunt as as conservative as hugo chavez .
yes .. get rid of obama and take away irs !
stay the course - you are in our prayers !
when will you be holding town hall meetings mr inhofe so we can discuss this and many other oklahoma needs ?
option b since the tax dollars will be used anyway .
rand is most interesting man in politicshttp : / / www.washingtonpost.com / blogs / the-fix / wp / 2013 / 06 / 18 / rand-paul-is-the-most-interesting-man-in-the-political-world / &#91; &#91; share &#93; &#93;
the real patriots are tired of getting the furry end of the lolly pop .
i really will be glad if we can now get these liberals and those that want the country to go socialist under control .
no one should be , no special interest groups , not the senators or representatives , nor the president or their families .
to see you join in with mccain , graham and ayotte is amazing .
how hurricane sandy , benghazi obamacare , beck and limbaugh play into boston i haven &apos;t a clue , but i do believe most people support your comments and we will come together to take action .
it &apos;s the only way to close the loopholes .
a repeal is foolish and irresponsible .
constitution party
so true and the only thing we as american citizens is just pray for our country .
oh hell no
he is going to be the fall of america !
congrat &apos;s mr. paul you deserve it .
you just proved to america sir that you are on the take .
hopefully not doctors who perform third term abortions .
o is a sham !
south carolina doesn &apos;t even want you .
obama doesn &apos;t give a flip about the laws of this country .
listen to the teachers and vote no !
&quot; finally , let &apos;s be clear that senator rubio does not speak for the majority of cuban-americans .
never trust obama and his cohorts !
aren &apos;t they simply taking advantage of tax codes that were designed to incentivize them into particular behaviors in exchange for reduced tax liability ?
vets should always be before illegals
so , put a stop to the traitorous nonsense and impeach and / or imprison him .
cathy -- you need to support the senates bill to reopen government and raise the debt ceiling .
the government needs to keep their nose out of education and leave it to individual states and locals .
obama has many lavish vacations with it and so has michelle .
we can defund obamacare without defunding the government , the majority of american people can not be fooled .
i am from north carolina and people like you think everything is so easy !
congress needs to act and put a stop to all the unconstitutional nonsense before the u.s. is lost forever .
praying for repentance .
senator rubio - whatever you do , stick to your moral convictions and never , never accept a position with trump should he win in the gereral and that win is a &quot; big if &quot; .
but you still have a lot of nerve showing your face at a save the river conference tomorrow after your shameful vote to repeal the stream protection rule .
even the recent supreme court rulings will be meaningless if obama decides to declare the rulings invalid , provided that obama &apos;s co-conspirators in the senate stand firm .
i say u start impeachment proceedings immediately .
obama took the $ $ from medicare to pay for his obamacare .
obama care is broken before it ever starts .
that &apos;s the problem with washington anymore they don &apos;t listen to the people they just do what they want that &apos;s why i won &apos;t be voting for very many of them that are out there
it was expected of obama .
if obama would compromise on something &amp; not act like a petulant child , maybe all of this wouldn &apos;t have happened
send them back to their country now .
impeach obama for war crimes .
@ leslie pitts and marvin bohmann - how can you support ron paul when he is as corrupt as any democrat ?
how much of a kick back is obama getting from the insurance companies or is it going all to george soro ?
i hope your opponent starts telling us what a family man you are instead of the junk he has on his canned telephone messages ! ! !
mr. paul , i really like you and what you stand for however , did you ever think about a 25 $ plate and seat at your table so typical working people who are not of privilege can talk with you ?
right now i am so disgusted with washington government if i had a chose and decision to make i would vote everyone up there out of office and say lets start over .
they trampled our rights with obamacare and keep right on walking all over the constitution and the bill of rights every time they are in the way of something they want to do or pass .
just lost my vote sir
step up and condemn this anti american administration !
obama just want votes !
http : / / www.youtube.com / watch ? v = yqlfwyctiyc sen. rand paul questions treasury sec .
defund obamacare , it is that simple !
careful spending and increased income will balance the budget over time .
understanding that the flag physically didn &apos;t pull the trigger .
your welcome judas paul .
i would hope that the republican establishment would take note !
he feels he is now god or the king , so he feels he can do whatever he wants now .
the economic slowdown in china is going to do more to put coal out of business than obama .
present day george w bush
rubio &apos;s parents living outside cuba during its communist takeover should not make anyone suspicious of his stance on his parents being exiled .
better late than never mr. speaker .
okay-let &apos;s take johnny out for a stroll and then he can sit on the porch .
rand paul # 2016
praying you recover quickly .
and their blaint disregard for the constitution and the american people .
should &apos;ve kept your day job as a cut rate eye doctor .
furthermore , the epa czar has assured me that there will be little waste .
we are on our way to beiing a socialist communist state w / obumbum leading the way .
why do you not listen to your voters and stand up against this crowd .
no new spending , cut unnecessary spending and start to bring down the debt !
merry christmas mia and family
no john thune u do not speak for all south dakota &amp; especially me !
education authority back to states ?
i hardly think the epa is the root of all problems .
a great and true lady ... may she rest in the peace of our lord jesus christ ... amen .
telling us that we do violates perhaps the most fundamental principle of conservatism - individual freedom .
if we don &apos;t cut spending we are forced into more quantitative easing or higher interest rates .
we will continue praying for amanda and for all of you !
vote against this patently unqualified nominee to protect your own reputation , if protecting our children &apos;s future isn &apos;t motivation enough .
he can &apos;t even secure our borders and keep our citizens safe .
i sense she would be the first to come to our aid if needed .
... socialists , liberals and acorn gangsters may have paved his path to glory- but god allowed it .
i mean after all they take an oath to america and the constitution .
tax rates are relatively unimportant unless spending is gotten under control .
please lindsay keep running your mouth .
lindsey , it is a scary feeling since voting is our approval of our interview of the candidates .
if she did all this stuff wrong why isn &apos;t she being charged that &apos;s the million-dollar question what is congress going to do about this ?
please , sir , do not let them mess this up !
that would not hurt us at all , give us the same size military but here to protect the us and our borders .
obama has issued fewer executive orders per year than any president since gover cleveland &apos;s first term .
impeach and remove .
just read the comments about ryan that tells it all .
senator burr there is a cloture vote this week that also will challenge our freedoms and tear down our way of life .
sets debate time for cromnibus for 80 minutes total 5 . )
fox is the only station even talking about it .
a true patriot would fight against everything the gop stands for .
boy does god have his hands in this ! ! ! !
president paul 2016 !
@ sandi a : no it does not make regan any less of a republican , neither did his &quot; one time only immigration amnesty &quot; .
the republicans should start the impeachment of president obama .
i know sc needs you but the whole nation needs you now .
great work dave !
the fact that people like you and ted cruz have trouble gaining traction and fighting through the media spin shows how far away from the constitution we have drifted .
mia , pls post it on you tube ....
it doesn &apos;t matter what flag it is !
doesn &apos;t congress approve ( or cut ) the military spending of our troops ?
amen now impeach obama
all thanks to a gop that we gave a landslide victory to at midterms , and with the obvious full backing of we the people to stand our ground in the face of pure tyranny our congress caved and flat out betrayed us .
i don &apos;t agree with the majority of his decisions but he is the president and like previous presidents we need to stand worth him .
scott , i read where obama called perry , and texas is getting federal grants for the wildfires .
and when you didnt stand against the spineless john boehner and the mitch mcconnell that never stand their ground against obama .
stand strong james , without men seeking gods face in office the times we live in would be much more troubling then they are .
cain is a bleeding heart lib ... america always comes # 2 with them .. think they would find a new country for themselves and quit sucking off of working people ! !
israel has been our one true ally for a very long time .
we know you voted yea on the cloture vote ! !
prayers for you and your family sweet boy .
prayers for you and your little one .
i agree with your no votes
we thought the courts would kill obamacare .
johnny come lately ... ugh !
you sold those people out , sir !
i want to know specifically what they are going to do differently , because while some parts of the country are happy with the va , it seems like oklahoma is lagging .
if so , you are not advancing women &apos;s position but undermining it : on sunday , rep. marsha blackburn ( r-tn ) sought to advance the gop &apos;s rebranding effort among female voters by suggesting that republicans have long &quot; led the fight for women &apos;s equality . &quot;
you &apos;re lying on fb , jerry .
marco rubion 2016
tim you have a traitor and a muslim what do you expect ?
he has obviously done what the entire house oversight committee has been unable to do .
bush then sen. obama voted against raising the debt ceiling saying , &quot; its a lack of leadership &quot; .
he will continue to disregard our constitution as usual .
shame on the rest of the republicans who ignored rand .
investigate his ties to russia and impeach him !
name one unconstitutional thing president obama has done .
the serious condition of our nation should cause all of our leaders to look to texas .
i think that all you people that think our president and congress is not to blame forget that nixon had to step down for doing way less than this one .
she is not the right pick for education , and her strategy will not work for underserved children of whom there are many in sc .
as thankful as i am that you &apos;re our representative , marsha , i still believe that term limits is the only way to rid congress of those career politicians that would never relinquish their option to manipulate the tax code for their own political gain ... from either political party .
you are loved marco !
and now our president is helping our enemy , iran , to attack us again ! !
so relieved that john mccain is on the job standing up for common sense , civility and true american values .
seems like the congress cut funding for security .
i must admit i am an ultra conservative person .
isn &apos;t the veto power one of the checks and balances our system of government holds so dear ?
and why did you vote to retain boehner as speaker of the house on your first vote after the election when we needed you to help replace him ?
rand , don &apos;t start skewing statistics .
includes my son nathan mike
is dismantling the constitution not terrorism ?
mr. yoho , just keep fighting the good fight .
praying for families affected .
@ mike schloss , you apparently have no clue what you are talking about .
many american people do not understand that the government has no money until it takes it from us by taxation .
then get on board marco and get behind our candidate !
you supported bush and now blame obama for the same things .
at any rate , the strangle-hold that the obama regime has over our country has to be broken .
he needs to mind his own business .
we really need god &apos;s mercy .
time to clean house !
thanks rand for protecting our constitution and not let obama try to shred it some more .
zero authority
sen mike lee , sen ted cruz , sen rand paul , sen trey gowdy thanks , please keep fighting for our country .
i believe all bills should be separated , i think a lot of the pork spending would be reduced if it was not hidden in these huge bills .
hope to see you continuing to rise in your political career , congressman poe !
the spending limit should not necessarily be a fixed amount , but a formula that is determined by considering current available income to arrive at a limit .
hence why poliquin doesn &apos;t want blaine in the debates , and cain does .
i have no doubt that the executive branch will try to go around the no vote in any case .
i do not agree with this administration , but if snowden is giving our secrets to any nation , he is wrong as he puts us all at risk !
were they there to recover weapons that obama sent to the rebels when they overthrew qaddafi that fell into the hands of the muslim brotherhood ?
good plan .... do not give this president any more consolidated power as he asked for last night ! ! !
representing life , liberty &amp; the pursuit of happiness .
why hasn &apos;t impeachment proceedings been started ?
even the immortal george w. bush .
no extra constitutional laws !
@ jennifer toth jennifer , i have heard from many evangelical leaders and members of the faith-based community in south carolina and across our nation .
of course they are only 50 % of the communist that reagan was .
how can he talk about fiscal responsibility with the amount of spending that he has done ? !
tell obama he must stand down for the good of the country
it would be nice if a christian could fill the spot
i am not completely against aggression if there is a huge gain in security in an unsecure area but when our enemy is committing suicide make popcorn and watch .
using every group he can find that he can give gifts to with no honor and the end justifies the mean heard it many times from my socialist step father .
don &apos;t you dare wrap yourself in a flag when you turned your back on our police , fire and other emergency workers .
and 5 million illegals would never be given everything + $ 35,000 .
my veteran husband who served with honor and is a longtime civilian dod servant is not being paid and is on furlough ms. blackburn .
ted , start impeachment for derilection of duty and providing comfort to our enemies .
amen mr. mccain
james try to turn this around we are praying for you to help do what god wants .
the people on the list will be republicans like the irs did .
there is a reason why many americans call cnn the communist news network .
my prayer is for you and your family .
then lindsey , you are part of the reason the american people want change .
he is our only hope- and boy do we need that more than ever.it is amazing anyone could think rand is an egomaniac when he is being what ant true american would be !
the best way t protect our freedom is to charge obama with treason and put him out of our country .
praying now ........
our president will not stop flights into our country .
i told you so many months ago
talk talk , talk talk ....
i think rand has no idea what the hell he stands for .
renew the zadroga act permanently .
not as bad as during the bush administration
i think it &apos;s too late mia .
but i &apos;m sure obama doesn &apos;t have any influence over the fiscal cliff negotiations .
merry christmas with all of god &apos;s blessings to you and your family !
put a clean cr on the floor .
senator isakson is right .
it &apos;s so easy to say cut spending .
that concern was called the ron paul movement .
congress passes a law to look like they are doing something ( then completely ignores it---so they can pass another law to look like they are doing something useful )
either instead of income , or as a portion of lowered income tax .
i told you to please let him know we &apos;re praying for him and will support him lockstep
obozos j v team at it again , we never had isis until we got obozo
sticks and stones senator rand !
we need reform , but not obamacare .
i think the republican party doesn &apos;t need to be stupid .
we voted republicans in to uphold the law and hold back this unlawful president .
please congressman mcclintock , vote for a healthcare reform measure along the lines of what dr. milton r. wolf , obama &apos;s cousin , recommends , http : / / bit.ly / 18qo2hr
how many members of congress have served actively in our military ?
your homies call the shots not obama
you will not get my vote for reelection , and i will work hard for your opposition if you vote for devos .
consider the source senator rand paul .
you and i both know that ronald reagan would have voted in the affirmative on the cr .
without solid border and immigration control , none of the other issues will matter in the end !
obama thinks we are so stupid that we will believe him if he keeps talking about it .
they cowards must not have gotten the msg from rush or hannity or is it norquist .
bo knew where at least 2 hostage journalists were for months and made no effort to rescue them sooner .
thank u rand , i hope u &apos;ll help fight for our 2nd .
why hasn &apos;t he been impeached for treason ?
more committees , more investigations will never amount to anything as how many years have you guys been prolonging all the scandals / there is no law to touch the heads of these government agencies and then you have obama with his pen and phone .
you &apos;re a spineless pussy .
federal judge has a plan to make them public ! !
obviously , boehner and reid should have already done so , senator .
if he does this everyone in the white house can &apos;t have no protection with a gun involved .
the internet sales tax is nothing more than an attempt by big business to eliminate competition from small business on the internet .
cut the presidents retirement in face don &apos;t let him have any
better a temporary , if lengthy , shut down than a permanent loss of freedom .
after mccain &apos;s comments he needs to go .
pray you are up to the task .
miss you mr reagan .
what can be done to hold obama accountable ?
west texas has become the nuclear wast dump of the us and i &apos;m sick of it !
cut our expenses 25 % and cut out borrowing .
how about a secure border and a deportation program that functions too .
obama is not doing a tax hike !
you are anything but a &quot; wacko bird &quot; .
the truth about rinos is that rinos dont want to know about the truth !
repeal obamacare , no one wants it ! !
please put america &apos;s children before partisan politics and vote no on betsy devos .
outside of the once off stimulus obama has not initiated any new spending programs .
happy thanksgiving dear mr gowdy to you and your family .
quit wasting our taxpayer dollars on these witch hunts .
spend spend and spend .
mr trey gowdy , everyday the news gets worse on what the clintons and close friends are doing .
agree , defund and shut it down .
mccain , do your job and begin the impeachment process against trump .
let me think of all the reasons we should believe and trust the obama administration .
i &apos;m sorry mia love .
when youve ben in the system for 4 generations you cant think you only do the samething over
but you , senator lankford , failed to mention the full funding of all agencies and planned parenthood that is still in this bill .
my guess is , it &apos;s an obama quote !
i know you , mcclintock , can afford high quality care , but can most of your dogged followers ?
repeal and impeachment
it can &apos;t lost my vote and a whole lot more .
our president is a traitor to send money and weapons to al-queda .
mitch , on thursday , you did a good job of repealing obamacare .
conservatives go to jail for that .
this is a legal action and contrary to other posts , the president has committed no impeachable acts .
the house has spent the past year and a half voting over and over and over again to repeal the law , in the absolute knowledge that their votes would accomplish nothing , which in anyone &apos;s book , is a perfect example of insanity .
healthcare just got a lot more expensive , same thing happens ever time govt .
instead , the flag that most people associate with the confederacy was the battle flag of gen. robert e. lee &apos;s army of northern virginia . &quot;
i am for amnesty and don &apos;t want then back .
need a republican president to repeal it !
not one single democrat voted to end the foreign aid to those who burn our flag , no surprise there .
go tim
please lynn do all you can to stop this before it becomes law .
it makes absolutely no sense to borrow money to hand over to someone else .
my senator , rubio , did too , but i wish they were still there with him .
the fair tax would certainly &quot; clean house &quot; by closing down the irs ! !
even if they do find a way to vote you out of office next term , you stood for what the people of tennessee asked of you .
unreal , paul ryan .
sue our country has revenue and plenty of it ! !
so when his taxes go up and he decieds to fire you to keep his bottom line , don &apos;t complain !
look at the mess he has to clean up .
a bit more patriot stand from you is due .
obama favors the arab nations over america .
south carolina has got your back
d.c. is using the debt ceiling and social security to buy votes !
i &apos;m disappointed that you think betsy devos is a valid secretary of education nominee .
nice thought , louie
thanks , marsha , for all you do for working people .
betsy devos has given you $ 43,200 in contributions .
politicians don &apos;t ever cut anything , spending wise !
you voted yes &#91; &#91; share &#93; &#93;
by all means , lets get rid of anyone not like you !
he is in trouble the people who pay his exhorbitant salary but since he is a close friend of obama nothing will come of it .
do something about it and quit speculating .
does anyone know what the real flag of the southern states was ?
to bad the main stream media didn &apos;t comment on the second half of the debate .
our prayers for france .
uncle sam is not a bailout agency .
another $ 7 billion this trip , its not only his expensive vacation that are a slap in the face to americans , but every time he goes some where he gives billions away for nothing .
impeach this president ! ! !
prayers for all concerned , this country and our world
we don &apos;t seem to have very many wise elected officials any more ... except for rand paul , ted cruz , and marco rubio
we the people are in charge .. it is our responsibility to force the hand of government to our will not sit and wait for our government to spoon feed us what we want to hear .
thats grounds for impeachment.he was swore in and stated what his duties are and failure to do so is grounds for impeachment , so i want this issue resolved and obama impeached and replaced , do your job and tell the others in office and put a rest to his failures
mr. crapo , do something .
early on obama himself said on national tv that he wanted this nation to move to a single payer health care system .
you and cruz are what gives real conservatives hope .
christie is on par with mccain -- not republicans -- and should exit stage right .
that plan is congressman ron paul &apos;s plan to have the fed destroy 1.6 trillion in bonds the fed owes the treasury freeing up 1.6 trilion .
and all i hear from you senator , and senator scott , is that she will bring change .
don &apos;t go through life being a mouthpiece for obama and his policies .
ron paul 2012 your dream is over .
trey gowdy i want you to be president .
happy valentine &apos;s day mia !
things are pretty much rolling out the way mit described how it would if mr o was reelected for 4 more years .
so you liberals obamacare will give subsidies ! !
no choice .
vickie , since there is no way i can find to start a topic , i &apos;ll just stick it in amongst all this chatter that has nothing to do with the reason you were sent to the house .
no federal funds for our underfunded schools .
get that stuff out of sc !
you have my full support in proposing a bill to stop sending f &apos; 16s and tanks to egypt .
remove him from his position , because he is incompetent .
yes , we need the money to balance our budget and help our own country get back on it &apos;s feet .
happy birthday , rand !
god will give you wisdom to get it straightened out !
obama is a pathological liar and incompetent fool — possibly our worst president .
this is how our present president should have spoken , instead of sugar coating the evil castros with niceties to the cuban people who still suffer under that communist regime .
what this whole world needs is jesus christ ! !
love you rand , stay strong , we need you
mcclintock is a great man
this government wants ever one to become dependent on it so they can tell us every thing we can do and not to do
democrat &apos;s goal is more people dependent on bigger government and spending is their means of accomplishing it .
you know that pos will put up another pos to finish off america !
wishing you well as you continue to serve the people of sc .
thanks for your support of romney , rand .
we do still have a 1st amendment , or hove you rinos removed it ?
you &apos;ve shown your own ignorance of educational policies by your comments about common core ( no one mandated anything , states can opt in or out ) so clearly you have no business explaining to the masses , composed of parents and educators alike , why they oppose devos .
sen. mccain , keep up the good work !
a u.s. government default , just weeks away if congress fails to raise the debt ceiling as it now threatens to do , will be an economic calamity like none the world has ever seen . &quot;
a vote for cloture is a betrayal !
stop obama and his gun grabbing cronies from taking our second amendment right .
i dot see any response as to whether you vote for boehner or not and if you did why
mia , you are a bright light in our otherwise dark tower of public servants .
senator collins , i think it &apos;s a good choice to support the treaty .
18.4 cents goes to washington and some of that comes back and is spent like the state gas tax .
sir , i must disagree .
will someone tell it like it is and stand up to obama and the liberals at every turn ?
there &apos;s no precedent for a president to leave a sc seat vacant his last year of office .
what about stopping ndaa and the patriot act ?
if his lips are moving he is lying
steve arnold loganville ga. a georgia voter .
here we go with the same old thing ..... ust look at his first vote ... give the king a blank check .. and don &apos;t think he won &apos;t use it ! ! ! !
congrats marco you have the record for most votes missed in the senate , now your worried about florida , just go away , become a bartender that seemed to work out .
very sad day .... so let it begin the ending destruction of the last days of the obama administration ..... end days are the worse .
provided it isn &apos;t actually just a stinking amnesty bill .
maybe he is trying to prove a point , like how stupid it is to close to tours , but until the rich pay their share , it will continue , to compare it to airforce one is just stupid , should they take away the six min , while up in the air ? ? ?
why is the fbi letting them off the average criminal wouldn &apos;t get off .
i pray that somewhere down the line something changes for the better .
the only king obama reminds me of is longshanks , king edward i of england ... and we all know what happened to longshanks , don &apos;t we !
no financial aid to these countries when we are cutting pay for our troops .
leftist , marxist , socialist democrats , should give back , to the usa tax payers all of their unearned raises , for the last 25 years .
no we know the gov .
when congress steps up and starts getting control of the country back , instead of pointing fingers &quot; across the aisle &quot; , then we will begin to see some hope out of this mess .
anybody that votes against helping our brave men and women coming back from combat is a rat of all people mccain being an x pow should know better if it was up to me you guys would all begone
we can no longer afford the unbudgeted tax cuts for the very wealthy which we have been suffering since they were introduced by president reagan .
its more than likely to be vetoed
thanks , greg
agree ... if only they would listen
tom , you are smarter than this .
even our very conservative tea party favorite congressman scott will tell you obama is not a muslim -- right congressman ?
warning to the gop do your job and stand your ground for the people .
congress get off your seat of do nothing and save our country from obama !
jim young you seem learned ... read up on when and why that flag was placed initially atop the dome then get back with me .
support senator rand paul to rein in the epa
marco was awesome in jacksonville .
close the borders impeach obama !
you have not been astounding in florida by any means .
well done paul .
please defund obamacare even if it results in a government shutdown .
this is clearly unconstitutional
you rino pos
bill nelso has not been a good choice for florida and is just an obama puppet .
just like prohibition , the newly elected conservatives can completely repeal obama care .
repeal the nfa
replace &quot; boo-hoo &quot; boehner !
you are just another figurehead like our other elected officials and none of you have any authority anymore .
you didn &apos;t criticize mr king because he had the background and work resume to support his qualifications .
you are an embarrassment to our constitution
i am waiting for the real republicans to stand up with one voice and say no .
paul ryan and john boehner may be ignorant , but not for the reason you give .
all of the &quot; give obama another 4 years &quot; will soon see exactly what that mean &apos;t to all americans as a whole !
yes we have cut spending drasticly .
do you suppose it has anything to do with gibson owner not being an obama supporter ?
vote for john boehner some more ?
trey gowdy has been such a disappointment .
well heres why the shutdown has occurred ( and no im not blaming sen. ted cruz ) this kind of rhetoric from the left started the current fight ... im only concerned with here and now http : / / m.newsbusters.org / blogs / noel-sheppard / 2013 / 10 / 06 / ted-cruz-smacks-down-candy-crowley-saying-its-blackmail-offer-separat
dear trey gowdy , happy easter .
now it is up to the congress to do what is best for our country , not what they think will get them the money to get re-elected .
this president wants to be a dictator .
i live in cannon county , and if our director of schools were to retire ms. devos would not be qualified to apply .
and stop spending whats not your &apos;s
seems you &apos;re not too far behind the likes of rubio and christie .
it is also known as a high crime and misdemeanor mr. mcclintock .
watching you right now rand .
vote to close the borders and stop welfare for illegals we need to take care of our own veterans the elderly the homeless how about some real changes ! ! ! !
you are a sell-out richard burr , i &apos;m embarrassed that you are associated with the state of north carolina
please paul stand with the people on this !
they do hate our freedom .
arrest this guy he is continually breaking the law .
going to let us know who you &apos;ll be voting for as speaker ?
if you mean the conservative wing of the republican party i agree !
we cannot pass the cr and then hope for change in the obamacare law .
almost to little to late sir
there are multiple &quot; plans &quot; out there from the various &quot; experts , &quot; political leaders ( rep. ryan &amp; jordan ) , and the conservative think tanks .
oh i forgot to add to my last comment ... the republicans have attempted to repeal obamacare over 40 times since 2010 .
if you people are unhappy with ben all you have to do is vote him out if you are the majority
stand strong on the lord .
very well said mia .
something like a guy named castro who fooled most people incluiding kennedy
no way will i be victimized willingly .
they &apos;ll attempt to destroy anyone who threatens them and their liberal , socialist agenda .
we stand ready to defend what we imagine the constitution to say !
you have the power of the post i suggest when you return to dc you need to start exercising it .
immigration - lincoln co .
we need real men who will defend and uphold the constitution .
full repeal is the best option !
thanks to the supreme court and florida legislators , certain poor , legal noncitizens have it a little easier in florida than the state &apos;s most impoverished citizens .
shut down the government if necessary , it will be demacraps fault
now if you could just talk some sense into tom cotton
carry on your hard work mr. gowdy !
i trust your opinion trey gowdy ♡ have a merry !
the house has definitely put forth effort !
as an afro-latina living in tn it speaks volumes on how you intend to represent citizens like me .
please don &apos;t cave to the democrats .
i totally agree funding should be cut from sanctuary cities not willing to uphold the law and protect the legal american citizens .
happy thanksgiving to the trey gowdy family .
help expose the rinos for what they are rand .
mr. obama is causing chaos ...
( c ) freeze spending 2012 revenue is 2.6t then you add this 1.1t ( 360b + 740b ) = 3.7t = balanced budget in 2012 .... .we don &apos;t have time for these 5 and 10 year plans when who knows who will be in office .
how many u.s. troops have been killed by cuban troops compared to vietnam ?
fool them once , shame on obama , fool them twice shame on all those who voted for him .
will do sir , thanks
- ronald reagan
sir your budget once again is based on repealing obama care .
i resign !
good , the administration doesn &apos;t enforce existing laws .
this debt was created due to wars that your beloved president bush left so those are recurring bill or fix cost that were left behind and need it to be paid with the next administration .
this is grounds for immediate impeachment .
by the way ... keep up the good work senator scott .
this helps negate the fact you voted for the first obama stimulus package .
why wait so late mr ryan , where have you been ! ! !
did you show him how your 25 billion annual tax cut will help exactly 5000 families and approximately 100 farms ?
please vote against diane feinsteinun control
rand , obama wants to go over the cliff .
i appreciate that you understand the concerns regarding its effects on america &apos;s core principles .
obama and his buddies in washington are &quot; playground bullies &quot; .
is it a balanced budget with no increase in taxes ?
congressman boehner played his cards about as well as possible .
you da man , rand !
keep fighting the good fight sir
nothing good will come from insulting mccain , obama , the usa , each other , or anyone else !
you fought cruz and lee on the defunding of obamacare and the vote for cloture and then , when your hand was forced , you acted as though you were behind the idea all along .
no thanks to you .. you prick ! !
carrie--i was under the impression that the constitution was the american people &apos;s constitution , not just the &quot; right &apos;s &quot; as you put it .
law should be declared unconstitutional
rubio go away already
once again , all talk and no action .
mia campaigned as a conservative and then immediately voted for boehner .
that program was ended long before obummer came on the scene .
you will be just as guilty as he is for fundamentally transforming this country into a lawless tyranny because you didn &apos;t remove the most impeachable president in u.s.history : fraudulent personation , abuse of the office and aiding / abetting our enemies .
we need unity this summer at the republican convention to join together to win the white house this fall .
sen isakson , thankyou for standing up for georgians and voting no to amnesty !
certainly not rubio .
sir , i like how you handle things , please keep up the good work .
no thanks to you , paul ryan .
isn &apos;t that what our respnsible conservative politicians are suppose to be doing !
there is no congressional approval .
but then it will be too late .
keep standing strong , rep lankford - if omamacare isn &apos;t good enough for everyone - with no exemptions and no subsidies - then it isn &apos;t good enough for anyone ! ! !
as a former ffl holder i will stand with you .
take us back to our founding principles congressman , however small those steps have to be to get us going in that direction !
it is clear the constitution is being walked all over , yet all we get from congress is quotes and outrage , but nothing is done , the constitution should be greater than any law ever made , yet as it gets trampled no one does anything about it .
don &apos;t worry about these people marsha .
then support ted cruz ... because you have no chance of beating donald j. trump .
i appreciate you representing the state of south carolina !
i am disgusted with you , how can you repeal aca and not have anything in place to offer people !
i hope you will plan a town hall soon , we would like to talk to you .
obama is impeachment proof , he knows it and behaves accordingly .
for many reasons including being a founding father and not deciding to stay in power forever : ) besides reagan of course .
ps tim , back off the drugs , man--you &apos;re making a fool out of yourself .
what is graham doing , seeking votes ?
far to many men better than you have served our country and died protecting our freedoms which you have taken for granted .
unfortunately , penny , you are absolutely right .
as a type i diabetic it will mean death if you idiots repeal or get rid of the aca .
evidently mccain is too stupid to realize that .
say impeach and say disolve the irs
it should be the people &apos;s money , not borrowed debt at interest from bankers that took it from the thin air vault with which , they pocket the interest .
yes absolutely
i will be praying .
but didn &apos;t you vote for john boehner and mitch mcconnel ?
my husband roger serve in the navy , my son barry air force and my sisters son linda
give em hell bruce .
go paul !
our constitution can &apos;t simply be ignored .
sc tried that , you may recall .
because he thinks he and his cronies are above the law .
as in hussein obama .
i think it is obvious he wants it closed to give to cuba .
cruz then pointed out that in no way should someone agree to that unless it &apos;s a dire circumstance where innocent life is on the line , i.e.
until someone holds the great socialist god obama accountable things cannot even start to get better .
if obama was impeached he will say it is because of his race .
i &apos;m so disgusted with the republican party .
in places like china and south korea .
he takes $ 3 billion a year from the us to help israel crush palestine - i wonder if langford called osama bin laden patriotic when he accepted us military aid to keep russia out of afghanistan ?
david reece rr &apos;s amnesty was for about 4,000,000. that move got us 14,000,000 more illegals .
where castro was helping the russians put nukes 90 miles away from the usa .
you have betrayed the citizens of north carolina !
bless god america !
wow .. so we pat them on the back for doing the least possible ?
reagan &amp; daddy bush
why don &apos;t you go pass some bills to kill obamacare or kill off ap courses for high school students , or maybe authorize the war powers act so the president can deal with isis .
you have the peoples welfare at the top of your list .
i am a firm believer that my orders come from my &quot; father &quot; god and not my &quot; uncle &quot; sam .
please get this fixed , judge poe !
if obama wants it , you should know we don &apos;t want it or need it .
excuse me lindsey , but you were elected by the people of south carolina to do our bidding and south carolina voted for trump .
i will hold you to your saying you are not voting for boehner .
the people on this thread say they support the constitution but don &apos;t have a clue about realities of divided gov &apos;t .
i wouldn &apos;t cave in to these freaks either .
for marco it &apos;s all about kowtowing to his neo-con puppet masters .
it is isis sir !
just rid our country of this blight called obama .
impeachment ?
tom - how about a real effort to get rid of the pos in the white house before he destroys this country ? !
no deb ..... just plain no .
may our lord bless his family in their lost and i thank them for his unselfness service to our country !
why dont you vote to have obama impeached ?
spending cuts are a necessary evil but should be approached cautiously as to not have a negative impact on on our national defense an those who are truly in need , like our elderly and disabled .
about time mr. ryan , you needed to step up a little sooner though .
and any way you look at it mr mccain , you underhandedly got passed .
i vote for aborting spineless politicians .
is there a reason why they are leaving washington .
our texas border and all coming in via ! !
you have disappointed many of us liberty folk for supporting romney .
liberals are not liberal or constitutional and a lot of republican s are unconstitutional a house divided against it self can not stand
the problem is government spending .
so , tell me again how the current president is abusing the executive order ?
the top priorities ( which i seriously doubt will happen because of boehner ) 1. impeach obama .
don &apos;t let the irs or anyone with the irs get away with pleading the 5th .
when are you going to stop voting for debt ceiling increases and internet regulation ?
the sequester was used to purchase a debt limit increase so the administration could continue spending money we don &apos;t have .
from the irs .
... if you &apos;re not getting a call from a terrorist organization , you got nothing to worry about , &quot; said sen. lindsey graham , r-s.c. -- the presumption that we are guilty until proven innocent is reminiscent of mccarthyism .
the little i heard on levin was same ole smoke and mirrors and blame republicans
we are being infiltrated and our quasi president is leading them in ! !
i guaran-blasted-tee you that obama is behind this .
and your working to enforce the constitution how ?
please show me where you are working for the people of georgia instead of your own selfish interests ...
the republican obstructionism is obscene because of some imaginary delusion that obama is some dictator .
senator mccain is a real patriot - we can count on him
president &apos;s hold four year terms , but obama &apos;s nominee wasn &apos;t given that .
trying him with treason would show us that something is happening .
i have and always will vote republican and you sir should do the same .
brian , ask roy why his name isn &apos;t on this list !
when bush was in office and republicans controlled the house and senate we had just as many issues and nothing got done .
we can prove by many supreme court case laws , that the lawful constitutional republic form of government has been usurped by the corporation &quot; united states government &quot; operating 100 % outside of the constitutional authority in law .
praying the senate will have a godly person rise to lead on responsible budget planning .
i believe that no matter what the circumstance is of a pregnancy that god has a plan for you and that child .
trey is the best !
no more aid to egypt ! ! !
count the # of bills in the senate that await vote that sir harry reid will not bring to a vote .
stand up for the constitution or get sent home
betsy devos will cost you my vote and many others .
you shouldn &apos;t be pushing amnesty for illegal aliens either , but it hasn &apos;t stopped you .
the voters of north carolina will remember your votes senator burr .
stay in politics rand paul you are one good man ! !
keep up the good work and protect our constitution and 2nd amendment rights !
thinking of ways to deceive my opponents rather than offer solutions of my own is why dr. paul isn &apos;t even in the race .
these illegals know what they are doing is illegal but they still break the law .
charleston is in my prayers
why doesn &apos;t congress do something about it ?
n arms arrest him ?
we &apos;ll be depending on you jason to keep us in the loop with all the socialist programs that will be proposed now .
just one question mr. enzi , what are you doing to fight against this kind of tyranny ?
senator graham , you and senator mccain walk on both sides of the street , you need to be more defined in your stands for the republicans who are trying to change things .
why won &apos;t you listen to your constituents ?
i stand with you rand paul
please we the american people have said no and we mean no .
around 11 % are in the nation &apos;s top 1 % , including 34 republicans and 23 democrats .
create safe zones and let the enemy come get some on our terms .
agreed mr .
i just hope all you idiots that want them here has them put next door to you and your families .
i do not believe marco will be reelected as a senator here in florida ...
gm no !
&quot; democrats have asked mrs. devos 25 times as many follow-up questions as republicans asked of either of president obama &apos;s education secretaries . &quot;
please do not cave in to obama &apos;s demands .
plus who cares if the presidents talk and get along why do we need to be at war with russia ?
for starters how about dealing with the illegal smuggling that goes on from our southern border and our ports ?
if you sent it to the treasury , it would just get spent on something else .
this is not a conservative district no matter how many tea party activists and john birch society rejects who now hunt illegal aliens comment upon your posts , mr. barletta .
the idea to move up the date for state experimentation did not start with obama .
if your so called regular military exorcize gets out of hand .we will be on them like white on rice .
if obama care is so good why does congress etc have a different health care plan ?
i am beginning to think there is no one with the knowledge or power to do anything but talk - our country is headed for destruction &amp; there is no one that will do anything about it
having had the joy of listening to mr. inhofe in a recent town hall meeting , i can rest assured knowing that he is not in favor of this healthcare reform bill !
constitutional or not , this president has been given a free pass by most of the electorate and mainstream media .
you got it mia ! ! !
i hope the democrats in attendance pay attention and relay the info onto mr. obama .
he has destroyed our military and he is a joke among our allies .
you showed none : you didn &apos;t listen to your constituents , you engaged in devos &apos; pay to play , you voted against our children , families , schools and futures , and your criticize your fellow senators who stood up for more than money and power .
we don &apos;t want obama care and if we do have to have it obama needs to abide by it to along with his family
poker , a yes vote on another aumf and now leno ... you , mr. mccain , have your priorities all discombobulated ....
good point for the congressman too - toss some of that to dhs too !
i am sending my condolences to tim scott .
as a country we must support israel .
we need to stay out of it !
they need to repeal &amp; butt out ! ! ! !
john you are the walking , talking embodiment of rino .
look at the house of representive website or go to the budget committee of house of representive website or go to congressman paul ryans website and it should be there and see for yourselfs .
no betsy devos !
it is incumbent upon ted cruz , if he is a principled conservative , to face the natural born citizen issue head-on and admit he does not meet the us constitution &apos;s requirements to be potus .
welcome to the socialist states of america .
too little too late vern !
right on amen
back in elementary school you all learned about the 3 branches of government and how they each exist to keep a check on the other 2. well , our president is doing his job .
to late sir you are a traitor
why hasn &apos;t the speaker of the house have the sergeant of arms arrest them yet ?
this , after he admitted that obamacare was the reason for cutting hours and claiming he would not abandon his patients .
from the raw story - senator crapo didn &apos;t even vote with the party of no !
senator mccain , i am an independent who typically leans left due to issues of social justice .
bring them home and secure our borders .
that &apos;s pretty funny as long as ya &apos;ll do what the american people really want .
mr gowdy you are my brothers in so many ways .
jason , while i realize that is the progressive talking point , a cr is not a budget .
obama is lost and hasn &apos;t a clue what an end game is .
second , it will be the obama administration that will be vetting these people and given hussein obama supports this invasion how well do you think that will go ?
he seems to be in tight with the irs !
i dont think we will have another gop president untill they get a heart and a brain .
cruz and romney need to go home
president obama was elected by the american people also .
trey gowdy should get the job but i don &apos;t think he will .
we need to eliminate the debt and have no more unfunded liabilities before we start &quot; spreading the wealth around &quot;
if the votes are not there in the senate to complete the legislative repeal process , and / or the president won &apos;t sign a repeal , then work on the next election to get the votes needed and the president into office who will sign a repeal .
no to war in syria tom .
senator paul , atta boy !
certainly , a failure to raise the debt ceiling will cause some nervousness in investors willing to buy us debt .
rand paul please run for president in 2016. and for those saying his dad would be disappointed that might be true but rand is rand and ron is ron .
romney 1 , obama 0
keep it going marco !
hope your feeling better lou !
once you acknowledge that government has authority to do something , then it is only a matter of time and circumstance before they incrementally do something that increase government power and decreases liberty .
i am pulling for you 100 % marco !
the rest of us will do our best to vote the traitors out ...
he is not an invited speaker !
the president knows he will not be stoped by impeachment by the cowards of the congress ... constitutional government itself is under attack by the president .
so proud to have you on my side , sen. paul !
both senators from ga proved to be spineless and incapable of doing what is best for the usa or their home state .
for once , do the right thing for all citizens , not just your conservative base .
i wish this man was president or will be one day ... hope he is appointed attorney general that will be great not many ppl left like mr gowdy
thune sounds great ! !
he is in over his head .
even obama thinks he is our &quot; royal family &quot; the girsl where not dissapointed their spring break trip was not cancled , they where shipped to south americas beaches , with 2 plaines and god knows how many secret services agents ! ! !
the confederate flag is a piece of cloth .
any one has been better then obama
in the original video , you can see that both rand and the woman he &apos;s with politely offer several times to meet with them and answer questions at a better time .
any islamic terrorist can buy a gun , no questions asked
the only place i want rice is with my beef and broccoli
stop sending aid to anyone until we &apos;re out of this mess obama keeps digging us deeper into !
perhaps you all can make sure congress and the president stop taking away our freedoms that soldiers are dying for ? ? ? ?
the flag debate should have been after the last wake .
geez , vern .
america needs you , not just fl .
hope he does better in dc than in nc
chris christie and rubio next time .
rinos franks and mcsally will vote for mccarthy
doesn &apos;t gov brewer have the authority to send the national guard to protect the border ?
thomas , what elected official that is as insightful and straight forward as marco rubio has ever sold out their constituents ?
ronald reagan 381 , bush 291 , obama 157 .
but this amnesty is wrong call it what you will it is still an amnesty and is wrong .
george w. bush then ronald reagan /
for the love of the constitution , clean out this corrupt govt .
that &apos;s what is wrong with gop led sen. mitch mcconnel in senate .
congress has passed a bill saying that government employees will be paid during the shutdown .
you just let the liberals walk all over you - that is why donald is so popular ... because we the people are getting zero representation from the republican party ... we are sick and tired of all the corruption in dc !
what about communist usa if we don &apos;t get our country back
keep us safe rand !
so the bush &apos;s can send us to war but when obama does it there is this huge uproar .
i have greater respect for senator ted cruz because not once did he cave into the pressure like you did .
hope you make it and don &apos;t turn rino on us .
repeal it and replace it with what ?
i think we need to start praying for the souls of those who devote their political careers to refusing to consider common sense gun control .
